David King: Thank you, Clarissa. And good morning, everyone. LabCorp delivered another excellent quarter again demonstrating the power of our combined capabilities. We saw strong market demand across both businesses which with the benefit of strategic acquisitions delivered solid topline growth. We also continue to manage expenses aggressively and execute our launch pad initiatives. As a result, revenue grew 3.4%, in spite of a year-over-year headwind of 1.3% due to divestitures. Adjusted earnings per share grew 6% despite the impact of at PAMA and the opening of managed care contracts and diagnostics and we generated $363 million in free cash flow. We continued our disciplined capital allocation program repurchasing $100 million of shares and successfully executing several tuck-in acquisitions. We have a robust acquisition pipeline and remain focused on strategic value creating acquisitions in both our business units. Covance excelled across all measures. Constant currency revenue growth increased by more than 9%, we realized 270 basis points of margin expansion, backlog increased by over $400 billion sequentially to $10.7 billion and our trailing 12 month book-to-bill stands at an impressive 1.28.
David King: Lisa, its Dave. I would just flat to slightly down. I want to be clear on that. Flat to slightly down in diagnostics.
David King: Lisa, its Dave. I think you're correct; obviously the acquisitions come in at a lower margin. And so as the synergies are realize that, that will improve margins. We also have the continued impact both carried over and then the additional initiatives within the LaunchPad II, program. And so those will offset some of the margin pressure that we're experiencing. And as Glenn said, we annualize the managed care contract changes, basically in January, February. So, there are puts and takes, but at the end of the day, we feel confident that, flat to slightly down is a very realistic view of 2020 in diagnostics.
David King: Yes, no. The beacon part using what the 1.5% impact on rev rec would give you to call it the $25 million in revenue that you're speaking to. But obviously, there's a margin associated with that and then that would fall to the operating income. And as we talk about beacon was an attractive business with margins that were higher than the diagnostics overall, but that's a shortfall to earnings that again we'll have to make up. So annualizing that is a fair proxy to start. And again, we'll look to make up some of that through additional business through the business and again launch-pad savings in the growth overall is the business, but your margin decline at least the margin that you are saying in the fourth quarter as we said earlier, while margins will be down in the fourth quarter, again, in part because of the impact of beacon, that will be down less than it’s been down all year. So we actually do see some favorable this coming in. And when you look at our margin a year ago, I think we were 16.5m so you can kind of factor in that the margin will we better than what you expected.
David King: Yeah. I think that as we said in the press release and then Glenn just stated that pass throughs - without excluding the pass-throughs, we expect to grow mid to high single-digit. And from the standpoint, variety of factors include influence the pass-throughs and study lifecycle, geographic mix, business mix. And right now I think once we get through 2019, you’ll see as we see the early development, the labs, the content of FSP mix versus programmatic, you will see a little bit of the volatility but 2020 will be a more natural year so I will call it.
David King: Yeah, we could spent a lot of time on this Ralph. But I think, at a high level, I would summarize by saying that, first of all, just realized that from a structural perspective, the market, particularly with hospital acquisition of physicians and their ability to direct work into the hospital laboratory creates a competitive disadvantage for us, that does affect pricing, right? Because they get paid more, they have, in many markets, a dominant market position, and now they can dictate to the physicians that the lab work has to be sent there. So that’s one sort of structural impediment to this idea that we should be able to get sort of market rate increases every year. The second thing is, I think, your 6% unit price statistic is distorted when you think about the laboratory business because when you think of that for example, pharma, where you make get a 10% price increase on a drug that costs 50 time a typical lap encounter, that's going to heavily skew your overall assessment of price. If I look at healthcare services broadly, think about distributors, think about pharmacies, think about laboratories, think about home health, think about durable medical equipment, you're not seeing price increases, you're seeing price being flat to down and you are seeing contract negotiations leading to down pricing in a typical case. So, I'm actually very proud of what we've accomplished in unit pricing over this year and over the last several years, particularly this year with the contracts opening. And then the last comment I would make for better or worse is when you're seeing as offering a service that is readily replaceable by somebody else, it's just difficult to go in and say we should get a price increase when others can be switched in. All that said, I will say, we negotiating our contracts for cost-of-living increases, call it type increases, we don't get them every year, but they are part of our contracting strategy. And that's part of the reason that we are able to keep price -- unit price relatively flat over time. So, I hope that’s helpful and obviously, it's a very complicated topic. But those are some of the market dynamics that I think explain why. It's not just a simple proposition of we get a price increase.
David King: Yes. No, the - when you look at the - call it a year ago period, the $209 million and you will see this kind of in the reconciliation of our GAAP versus adjusted that was essentially the gain on the divestiture of our Food Solutions business. And that even in the third quarter of this year, we had - again in that reconciliation charge, you'll see the same, there was a net impact of around $2.7 million gain due to the benefit of primarily gain from our venture fund. That $2.7 million as well as the -- call it the $209 million are both excluded from our as-adjusted results. So, other income/net is plus or minus relatively flat.
David King: Yes, good morning. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, the Covance site partnerships provide benefits in both directions. So, the opportunity to offer clinical trials to health systems is seen as a positive because it gives us more than just - we can help you manage your lab cost, we can help you reduce you lab cost. We can help you introduce your lab costs and manage like this we can also bring you revenue opportunities. And so I think the Covance business supports the diagnostics business in very clear way and that instance..
David King: Well, yes. I think that was the best way to quantify the benefits to the businesses is topline growth and Covance grown to 9% this quarter in constant currency and the enterprise, when you adjust for the divestitures grows to grew almost 5%. So I think it's pretty that the top line growth is strong as a result of the combination of the businesses. On the P&L we continue to have conversations with other payers. Nobody has rolled out something similar. I think there is great interest in what United is doing and if it successful, we'll see followers.
David King: Had a great quarter in terms of business wins and they were broad-based. And so, it was broad based in terms of early development labs as well as clinical. With respect to segmenting that, the significance of biotech sector with the NR wins has been increasing and that's where the vast majority of portfolio development is, in terms of pharma, and so we see that within our order rates. And then with respect to the FSP versus the programmatic, we do see strengths trends on both sides. We do see strength in terms of the programmatic wins as well as the FSP. I think if you look at market data, the FSP might be slightly higher. But from the standpoint of in terms of the way we look at the business and the way that is flowing, the early development business of course is a quicker burn business. But in the central labs and the clinical business or seeing broad-based positive and our penetration in that obviously with a 1.28, last 12 is very good results.
David King: Erin. It's Dave. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks from a diagnostic side, the Walgreens, we continue to roll out the Walgreens. We continue to get very positive commentary around the patient experience from the kind of integrated side of integrating patient data, recruitment, virtual trials, where we continue to discuss the rollout of what we call the beyond PSC aspects of the Wallgreens relationship and we expect to have an update on that as we move into 2020.
David King: So we are at 10 minutes before the hour. So we have six questioners in the queue. We’d like to get to everybody. So let's please one question and one follow-up and also if your questions has been asked, please don’t ask it again. Thank you.
David King: And I have to say, Don, its Dave that historically I think prior to John coming, Covance was a much more silent organization who were only development, kind of, thought about early development and why thought about lab. And under John and Paul’s leadership we've really expanded the scope of the organization. In my mind worked through some of the silos. The Covance organization is much more integrated and thinking about and attracting these opportunities to pull them across and that's part of the reason for success.
David King: Yeah, Mark it's Dave. I think it was - I think it's basically 70, 90, 90, 100, which in my mind is flat. I mean, we know 70 in the first quarter because the change over actually look like it’s started more in February than January and then it's been 90, 90, 100. So I definitely can say the trend is a stable. We are not losing care. Our participation rates for United and Horizon have been quite steady. And in terms of the future, we have the same growth opportunities. We are in the same networks that our competitors talk about. And so it’s one of the reasons I feel very optimistic that there are number of markets for us is the demographics, the aging population, the greater utilization of lab tests as people age, the introduction of new tests and technologies. All of those things support long-term growth as well as the things like the Preferred Lab Network that are innovating in favor of the highest quality, lowest cost providers. So we feel great about what we've done this year in the managed care contracting. The team in the ground and the field has done a terrific job and we're really proud of it.
David King: Sure. So second question first. Yes I think the dynamics of PAMA are being – becoming much more well recognizing the marketplace. It is affecting the industry and we’ve talked about some of the - of the ways with the challenges the smaller providers or smaller labs are facing. I am going to say, again as I’ve said, along it's not a good thing for patients. Patient access is being limited nursing home patients are left without range of services it's very unfortunate situation and we continue to work very hard through to lay back and to the lawsuit to reverse the misguided way in which this has been implemented by CMS. In terms of the Walgreens opportunity and thinking about offerings more opportunity in the retail setting, I think if Walgreens is being more complementary to our footprint then replacing a lot a lot of the existing footprint. Patients just don’t want to come to patient service centers in the doctor's office or new the doctor’s offices. At the same time, there are a lot of patients who are not - who are not fasting or whom want to come in the afternoon, we are going to able to make use of Walgreens that have to make to the drug store. Mostly people leave the doctor's office with the prescription to pick-up and lap slip we provide them the opportunity to fill the prescription and get their labs done there. So I think I also think as Walgreens and other retailers start monitoring more broadly in offering broader health care services. So urgent care is in the retail in the retail, clinics retailer, we work for CBS and in many clinic and all of these things are going to lead to further growth opportunities for us and that's why we had so much focus on the consumer and on being the patient where they want to be met.
David King: Derik. Its Dave. I think two major factors that we spoke about the last year in the fourth quarter were the hospital volumes and then direct-to-consumer genetic testing. And we haven’t seen any impact or unusual change in hospital volumes this year so far, at any point the way that did last year in the fourth quarter. And as we've said and - continue to say that we modeled the direct-to-consumer businesses basically flat to down. So those are the status if you will of the items that we call out last year in 4Q is being the headwinds. 
David King: Well, I guess we have to do a little valedictory here, so what I want to talk about is that on October 6, we celebrated the 50th anniversary of LabCorp as a Company, which is pretty amazing when you think about it. In 50 years of history here, one thing we've learned is that when we begin an amazing journey and pursue it with preparation and passion, there's no telling where it could end. And I am at the end of an amazing journey; I've been enormously privileged to play a part in an incredible process of growth and transformation at this company. And I want to thank all of you for your encouragement and your support along the way. I am leaving the company in great hands. We have outstanding leaders succeeding in terms of Adam Schechter and John, Paul, and Glenn and the entire LabCorp and Covance leadership team, and of course, our 61,000 dedicated colleagues around the world. I couldn't feel better about the long term opportunities for this business, and the long term validity and proven success of our strategy. So I know that the LabCorp flame will burn brightly while the torch isn't keeping of our next generation of leaders. I wish every one of you good luck and Godspeed. Thank you and good day.
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Dave. Going to start my comments with a review of our third quarter results followed by discussion of our performance in each segment and conclude with an update on our 2019 guidance. Revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, an increase of 3.4% over last year. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions of 2.8% and organic revenue growth of 2.2%, partially offset by divestitures of 1.3% and foreign currency translation of 30 basis points. Excluding the negative impact from PAMA of 90 basis points, organic revenue grew 3.2%. Operating income for the quarter was $340 million or 11.6% of revenue compared to $343 million or 12.1% last year. During the quarter we had $29 million of restructuring charges and special items, primarily related to LaunchPad initiatives, acquisition integration and the previously announced vendor data breach, partially offset by the release of the contingent consideration accrual for our prior acquisition. Adjusted operating income which excludes amortization of $62 million as well as restructuring charges and special items was $431 million $ or 14.7% of revenue compared to $429 million or 15.2% last year. Adjusted operating income benefited from organic growth, acquisitions and LaunchPad savings that were essentially offset by the impact from PAMA of $27 million and higher personnel costs. Excluding the 80-basis-point reduction from PAMA, margins would have increased 40 basis points. The tax rate for the quarter was 24.1% compared to 36.2% last year. The adjusted tax rate excluding special charges and amortization was 23.9% compared to 25% last year. The lower adjusted tax rate was primarily due to a favorable change in the Swiss tax rate. We expect the company's adjusted tax rate for the full year to be approximately 25%, implying a fourth quarter tax rate of approximately 24%. Net earnings for the quarter were $221 million or $2.25 per diluted share. Adjusted EPS, which exclude amortization, restructuring charges and other special items were $2.90 in the quarter, up 6% compared to last year. Adjusted earnings in the quarter benefited by $0.02 from three unusual items, a $0.06 benefit from the favorable change in the Swiss tax rate, a $0.02 unfavorable impact from Hurricane Dorian and $0.02 reduction due to the non-renewal of the BeaconLBS, UnitedHealthcare contract pertaining to the Florida market. Operating cash flow was $456 million in the quarter compared to $252 million a year ago. The increase in operating cash flow was due to higher cash earnings and favorable working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $93 million or 3.2% of revenue compared to $98 million or 3.5% last year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Lisa. First of all, we’re obviously say, we’re going to provide our guidance just in general on 2020, when we report our fourth quarter results, as we do it a normal course. But to your question, with the BeaconLBS, non-renewal the contract obviously, as a headwind, that will have going into next year. We've given kind of impact if you will on the fourth quarter. So obviously you can annualize that, you have the sense of the headwinds that will work to overcome to either addition of business as Dave commented earlier, within Beacon as well as just the growth, in our overall business. But as a general rule, directionally, and I think we've shared this with you and the others as a preliminary review of 2020, that overall for the diagnostics business with another year of PAMA ahead, the good news is we now have the managed care impact essentially in the numbers. Obviously it just started with the in the first couple of months, but essentially, relatively flat year-on-year. And now, with Beacon non-renewal, we would expect that diagnostics plus or minus would be flat to down margins, as we look into 2020, but again, having Covance's expectation in Drug Development to see improved margins next year as well.
Glenn Eisenberg: And Lisa just to add to that. To end of that while we have the annualization of acquisitions in diagnostics which do mix of the margins. We continue to see a good pipeline for diagnostics. So as we look to redeploy capital in 2020 with the strong cash flow that we expect, an opportunity to see additional benefits from that.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack this is Glenn, I’ll take the first cut. But as you see with the implied guidance first on the revenue side, we're looking at a positive quarter in the fourth quarter. So we're benefiting if you will from the acquisitions that we've done that will have a full quarter's worth if you will. We’ve also as you know been experiencing the headwind from the divestitures that we've had that essentially annualized in the third quarter, so we’ll get the benefit of that. And then just normal call it organic demand growth within the business, as we commented earlier, in the fourth quarter, we'll actually get the benefit of revenue day that would've been the offset for the headwind from a revenue day that we experienced in the first half of the year. And then again to your point, we do have the headwind in Beacon, but as we look across the spectrum, in the fourth quarter, we do expect to see some good topline growth. And while we do expect margins to be down in the first quarter year on year, we expect it to be down the least amount that we would experience throughout any quarter this year, based upon that topline growth, but also based upon the continuation of Diagnostics LaunchPad Initiative.
Glenn Eisenberg: I’m sorry. That's diagnostic - I might add that's Covance at 13%, Diagnostics is higher than that, I apologize.
Glenn Eisenberg: And also say and it is strong when you get into the capabilities of the hybrid virtual trials, the diagnostics capabilities with patient service centers coupled with the Covance central lab analytics, the market access areas of clinical side, as well as the CRO side allow you to do those hybrid virtual trials in a much more efficient manner. And so that's another way of utilization of multiple parts of the enterprise.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, Derik. This is Glen. I'll take the first one. To you point, we did have a softness in the fourth quarter last year. But when you really think about from this year's standpoint, we have good organic volume growth again, with the offset being opening up in the managed care contract. We have a full year impact of our LaunchPad initiative. We will have a benefit of a revenue day. The acquisitions that we've done are additive to – call it the annualization of our divesture that would have been there in the fourth quarter of last year, that’s not going to be in the fourth quarter of this year. So as you – you know, fair amount of pluses and minuses but from our perspective we expect to see good growth, good margins, albeit still down, even a year ago, but that's all driven off of PAMA. But again, the least of margin decline that we would've seen year-on-year for this year setting us up well as we move into the next year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. Ricky, obviously when we were together in September, and we did talk kind of the flat to slightly down, you know, our margin outlet for next year, which again will provide more color as we go into 2020. There is just obviously a wide range of outcomes, obviously at that time we knew the potential for the non-renewal of the contract is one of the factors that come in, which is why we’re giving you a little bit of bandwidth relative to our margin expectations.
