David P. King: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President of Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results, provide 2012 guidance, update you on our Genzyme Genetics integration, highlight our progress on our 5-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. Before we take questions, I would like to note that we now have 25 analysts covering our company. So that we may do our best to accommodate everyone, please make your questions brief and to the point, and we will endeavor to answer them in the same fashion. We are now ready to take your questions.
David P. King: Okay. So again, I would repeat that first message is we think that the volume outlook is muted for 2012 because of broad macroeconomic conditions, but still the long-term outlook is excellent. And over time, we believe that we'll return to the historical volume growth rates that we've seen in the industry. So that, probably one high-level theme. Second the importance of continuing the Genzyme Genetics integration, and I would say that has 2 components. The first is growing that business. So we spent a lot of effort this year protecting the client base, making sure that the levels of service remained at expectations, particularly placing value on the genetic counselor network and the importance of that to the clients and to the business. So growing Genzyme Genetics is a very important priority for all the reasons that we've articulated: the genetics franchise, the oncology franchise, the importance of reproductive and oncology testing to our business model of the future. On the other side of that, of course, is continuing to rationalize the cost structure in that business, which will allow us to, as we've said, make it slightly accretive in 2012 and then as we move through 2013 and beyond, get it to company margins and really start to see the earnings power of that business. So both growth and cost rationalization there are going to be extremely important. Third, I would say, is continuing to develop and enhance the focus on our specialty businesses. So we haven't talked a lot about this, but underneath all of the Genzyme acquisition and the rebranding is a, I would say, some changes to the structure of the way that we go to market with our specialty businesses and the way that we message the market, the way we interact with physicians. And think all of those things, the growth in the future, the core business is very important and fundamental to what we do. But growth in the future is increasingly going to come from specialty and esoteric testing. And so, I think, continuing to enhance our market-facing capabilities there is going to be very important in 2012. And then the fourth thing is allocation of capital. So we continue to look for attractive acquisitions, we continue to buy shares, we continue to consider all other aspects of capital allocation. And I think those are -- that's going to be an important priority. And then I would say, last of all, I think that we're going to start to see an acceleration of payers looking at different kinds of models. And so, I think, continuing to invest resources in and collaborate with payers on what other ways are lab services of this care generally going to be delivered will be an important priority for us in 2012. And congruent with that, continuing to improve our own internal efficiencies, so that we can be best positioned in the marketplace. So I know that was a lot, and I failed in responding to your question in a brief and concise fashion, but I hope it was helpful.
David P. King: Yes, Bill, it's Dave. So first of all, not to be overlooked, I mean, we're going to get about 1 percentage point of growth from Orchid, the full year impact. So that gets us a reasonable head start toward the number that we put out there. We did have a very difficult volume comp in 4Q of this year versus 4Q of last year. As we went and looked back at 4Q of last year, it was the single largest organic growth quarter in at least the prior 8 quarters. So we're just going up against a tough comp here, which makes the volume growth look less than it was. And I think with what we're hearing in the commentary from the payer community, from WellPoint on their call, from United on their call, they are expecting utilization improvement, particularly in the second half of 2012. So we feel pretty good that all those things in combination will comfortably get us into the revenue guidance range that we've given you. And obviously if -- again, as I've said, we have a pretty muted expectation in terms of volume for 2012. But if volume is better, it gives us additional opportunity.
David P. King: It's Dave, and I'll start with the Orchid question. So as we said, we divested the state government paternity business or we're in the process of divesting it as part of the resolution of the FTC inquiry. With respect to the private business, I think our current plan is that most of that -- most of our existing forensics business will actually move into the existing Orchid facilities. So what we're doing at our Center for Molecular Biology and Pathology, I think, we'll be moving toward their facilities. And there'll be some -- I'm sure there'll be some rationalization but I think, generally, the businesses are very complementary and give us a nice growth opportunity in private paternity. In terms of the U.K. business, my understanding is that most of the tenders have been resolved and have essentially a 2-year time frame. So there is some -- there are still, I believe, a couple that are waiting to be decided. There's a nice market opportunity as those come up. We've been successful in winning those tenders. The government has closed their private -- sorry, their government forensics lab. So there's basically -- it's basically open to private competition. So we do see some growth opportunity there as the tenders are decided and then as they come up for rebid. And then also, the potential of looking at being able to expand the forensics business outside the U.K. into Europe. No firm plans there, but a good beachhead in the U.K. as we consider that expansion opportunity. And now I'll turn it over to Brad on the amortization.
David P. King: Gary, it's David. We'll, obviously, reflect in the price metric. As you look at 2012 on a year-over-year comparison because to the extent that we have further adjustments into our contract levels, that'll show up as "negative price."
David P. King: We don't really have an update on the Horizon contract. We continue to discuss a longer-term extension with Horizon, but no final resolution.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think that it does have an impact. I mean, obviously, we're dealing with pretty sizable volumes. So it's hard to point to particular facts and figures. But I think it does have an impact. I think if you look at the historic trends for 4Q, and you look at what's happened the last 3 years really, you do see more -- you don't see a pickup, but you see more stability between 3Q and 4Q than we've seen in the past. So I think it has some impact. It'd be hard to quantify.
David P. King: I think the Genzyme Genetics brand is a valuable brand, make no mistake. Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, we had a certain time in which we were allowed to use the brand and then the name Genzyme now belongs to somebody else. So the name that we adopted, Integrated Genetics, is actually a legacy brand that was part of Genzyme Genetics and that Genzyme Genetics acquired. So it's familiar to the customers, it's something that they know. There's strong brand recognition within the Genzyme Genetics Reproductive business. So I actually think that the Genzyme organization has welcomed the brand, in that it really completes the separation from Genzyme and is now part of the LabCorp family. And Integrated Oncology just seemed like a good, consistent market-facing brand to adopt once we went with the Integrated Genetics brand. So I think that -- don't mean to, in any way, underestimate the value of the Genzyme Genetics brand, but I think we've made a very smooth transition here.
David P. King: I think the place where the cost savings are coming are within the Genzyme business, within Orchid, within the remnants of Westcliff and DCL. So the integration of the acquisitions is a key line of cost savings, as well as Clearstone, the Clearstone acquisition in clinical trials. And then the continuation of all of the efficiency programs that we have been working on; so lab automation, patient service center automation, improvements in the throughput of instrumentation. Those are probably the 2 big categories of cost improvement.
David P. King: You'll see some in SG&A, but I think you'll also see some in the gross profit line because that's where the efficiency programs and facility rationalizations and those types of activities will show up.
David P. King: Yes. Darren, it's Dave. Just to add to that, I mean, again, when we came out of 2011, Q4 was very strong and Q1 of 2012 also started out strong. Then as everybody knows, we saw a deterioration in the macro environment. We saw, I mean, for those who have forgotten, we saw real complete political gridlock for months over Medicare, over the SGR fix, over the debt ceiling. And all of those things, I think, played into the macro environment, which in turn played into people's confidence in going out and spending discretionary dollars on health care. So Q3 was the low point. I think Q4 was a strong volume quarter for us, given the comp and we feel that, that is sustainable going forward. But we're waiting on the economy to improve for us to feel like we can be more confident in our expectations about volume.
David P. King: No, we have not. Our understanding on the coding changes is that in terms of Medicare, the coding changes are -- whatever they turn out to be, are not going to be implemented in 2012. And the earliest of those will be implemented is 2013. And I think in terms of the private payer community, our sense is that, although they may implement some of the coding, it doesn't lead to structural pricing changes.
David P. King: No. I mean, so we don't give quarterly guidance. I don't think it would be reasonable to try to give you anything more than at a very high level. Yes, the comps will get easier in the third and fourth quarters, so that will help volume. The integration synergies from Clearstone and Orchid, there'll be more, probably at the beginning of the year but Genzyme will be relatively stable throughout the year. So I think the earnings pattern is likely to follow the historical pattern, is really about what we can say there.
David P. King: Sure. I think in terms of the competitive environment generally, it's what it's always been, which is it's quite tough. And that's the nature of our industry. It's a very competitive industry, there a lot of players. So there's competition on -- for volume, there's competition on service levels, there's competition on price and there's competition from our customers as we know in Histology with the in-sourcing. And I don't think we see that changing much. In terms of the alternative models, Tom, I mean, I guess what I would say is, if you look at, just even within the last week or 2, WellPoint is talking about paying physicians in different ways. United came out with a pretty comprehensive announcement that they were going to look at whole different methodologies to start paying physicians and they called it transforming the way they pay their provider network in their statement. So if we think that physicians are the only ones who are going to be affected by this, I think we're helping ourselves to a healthy dose of rose-colored glasses. There's clearly going to be different ways in which lab services are going to be paid for, whether it's bundled payments, whether it's payments based on quality of services delivered, whether it's narrowing of networks. I think all of those things are going to come into play. And I think we're very well positioned to participate in that. And I think in the long term, it will be a benefit to LabCorp. But I don't think we should underestimate the fact that the payment models are going to be changing.
David P. King: Yes. We're not going to talk about that. We gave you the guidance, and I think that's what we're going to stand on. Thank you.
David P. King: Yes. And I just -- I think we stand by that it takes in the range of 4% top line growth to generate real organic margin expansion. And so, if we're not -- so we're going to get margin expansion next year from what we're doing with the acquisitions and from the efficiencies, and we've always got to be making our business more efficient. That's just fundamental. But as, in our perspective, as volume improves over time, we'll see a return to organic margin expansion.
David P. King: At a high level, what -- we-call it Beacon LBS. And at a high level, Beacon LBS is a multifaceted offering for both physicians and health plans that has a very simple goal. And the simple goal is to get patients the right tests from the highest quality laboratories at the most effective cost. So there is an option to have narrower lab networks for some esoteric services. There is an option to have physician-decision support in test selection and in guiding care pathways. But the goal is to -- and there's a lot of these models out there, as you know, being offered by others who are not labs and therefore, don't have the expertise to provide these services. But the goal is, again, right test for the right patient from the highest quality laboratory network, at the most effective cost. And this is something that, again, is part of how are we going to look at payment for lab services and how lab services are provided over time. And we think it's very important that we not only participate but lead in initiatives in this area.
David P. King: Yes. So we're not going to give target accretion numbers for any of the businesses because, as we've always said, the guidance -- we'll give you a range of guidance because there's a range of outcomes within the guidance. And the minute we start giving individual targets, then we start breaking the guidance down into pennies and nickels and frankly, with a company that's talking about earnings power of $7 a share, it just doesn't make sense to go through it and try to tell you penny by penny, how we get to where we get. So what I would say about Genzyme is that it'll be slightly accretive next year as we've said. I think in 2013, one, we'll realize the full impact of the synergies, which will significantly help in terms of the margin; two, a lot of the investments that we've been making in the IT, for example, when we acquired Genzyme, there was no electronic order and result delivery capability in that business. They just didn't have it. If you think about it, they've done a terrific job growing the business without one of the most fundamental basics, which is allowing physicians to order electronically and get their results delivered electronically. So the investments in the business, the investments in the sales force, the investments in the branding and all of the things that, that will allow physicians to do in terms of ordering other specialty test in the LabCorp core menu from a single order entry and result delivery portal, all these things, I think, are going to lead to strong top line growth as we get through 2012 and 2013, and the improvement on the expense side will lead to real earnings power as we get in the out-years.
David P. King: I think we got 2 things confused here. We don't break out the Genzyme volume specifically. So I don't know if you're trying to back into that from the numbers that we've given you for Genzyme's contribution to our overall volume growth, but....
David P. King: Well, I'm just saying, remember that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had 3 months of Genzyme, and in the fourth quarter of 2011 we had 1 month of Genzyme. So you're not -- you don't have a...
David P. King: All I would say on that is that, we continue to believe that this is based on the allegations of the Q10 that was filed, the NPT case. We are working cooperatively with the Senate Finance Committee staff to respond to their questions. And obviously, we'll update you as matters progress.
David P. King: Well, so first of all, let me reiterate that we are strong supporters of transparency in billing and coding and always have been. So I think anything that creates better transparency for payers in billing and coding is a good thing. I think, Kevin, that Palmetto is in the process of reevaluating their program. My understanding is they've delayed the implementation date of the program until May, and they're looking at some other options for how they would evaluate these tests. And so, we're working with them to try to devise a -- and ACLA, by the way, it's not LabCorp alone. LabCorp, ACLA, all of the ACLA members, the CCLA too are working with them to try to devise a system that is going to be fair, that's going to respond in a reasonable time frame to requests for coding for new molecular testing that's going to lead to fair payment with transparency on their side of what they're paying for.
David P. King: I don't think it would behoove us to talk specifically about the actions that we've taken. I will say, I think our exposure is -- remember, this applies so far just to the California region, where they are the Medicare carrier. Our exposure is relatively limited both because of the number of tests and because of the region. But we're trying to work with Palmetto in a collaborative way to do something that's fair and equitable for all of the labs and allows the labs to get coding and reimbursement that's satisfactory to Palmetto and satisfactory to the labs and fair payments. So I don't think we should get hung up on the individual parts of the process. We should think about it as a long-term process. Billing and coding transparency will be a positive thing.
David P. King: As I mentioned in response, I think, to the very first question, one of the things that we're always looking at is capital structure and how we deploy capital. I think there are some attractive acquisition opportunities. There are, as always, there are plenty of things in the market. We're very selective about what we're interested in. And so we'll continue to look at acquisitions. We always evaluate in terms of allocation of capital, whether it makes sense to pay a dividend. That's something that is always under consideration and that we talk about a lot. And we'll continue to talk about it and some of it will depend obviously in, are we right about our view of return to historic volume growth over time. Because if we're not right, it suggests a different sort of capital allocation.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. We don't see that math at all. So what I would suggest is get with Steve and Brad afterwards, if you want to walk through the math. Because I don't think it's going to be productive to try to walk through it on the call. But I will say, we don't see anything like that kind of step-down. And in fact, Genzyme had a very strong year 2012 versus 2011, and a very consistent rate of growth year-over-year.
David P. King: No. I don't think I said that. I think what I said is that the -- although that would be my hope, but I think what I said is that the contribution throughout the year in terms of revenue stability was quite stable. And that the growth throughout the year, year-over-year in revenues in terms of revenue was quite stable.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, as Brad commented earlier, there -- incorporated in the guidance is some managed care compression that hasn't fully shown up in the numbers. But our expectation for '12 is, and I think we said this in response to the very first question, the growth of the Genzyme business year-over-year from a volume perspective is a very important priority for us.
David P. King: The guidance incorporates all of our assumptions and expectations about all the components of the business.
David P. King: So histology in 2012, our expectation is basically flat and we don't break down the individual acquisitions or the number of acquisitions. As we've said, small acquisitions are a part of what we believe to be our organic growth and we expect we'll do a similar number in 2012 that we -- to what we did in 2011.
David P. King: Well, I'm not going to associate myself with any comments about our competitor. I think we – I think they're a tough competitor, they continue to be a tough competitor in the marketplace. I think we've done a great job over the last multiple years in attracting business away from them with IT improvements and service improvements and we're going to continue to stay focused on that.
David P. King: Okay. So that was a lot, and we'll try to answer it all. First of all, it's cleared by the FDA for assessment of malignancy in patients presenting for surgery. It's not cleared for screening and we don't market it for screening. Over time, if the assay would become cleared for screening or if with the additional -- with the addition of additional markers, it could be re-presented to the FDA for screening, that's certainly something we would be interested in. Remember, because of the low incidence of ovarian cancer in the population, it's challenging to get a screening test that's going to have the sensitivity and specificity that we would like. But we've been working on that for a long time and will continue to do so. In terms of the science behind the test and the Vermillion test, what I would say is, obviously, FDA was satisfied in terms of clearing the test with the sensitivity. What we like about it is the greater specificity than the competitive test. And so, overall, I think it's a very attractive market opportunity. But recognize, it's part of an evaluation, along with radiological and clinical signs and symptoms, of a relatively small population, which is women presenting with an ovarian mass for surgery and trying to assess malignancy. So I hope that answered it, and I think that's about all the time that we -- we have one more question? We have one more question.
David P. King: It's probably about comparable to 2010 and probably a little more than 2009. But that's -- we kind of think about 20 to 30 new tests a quarter being introduced as being our expectation and our goal.
David P. King: I would expect so. Not having a whole list in front of me, but that's just -- that's what we've historically seen as kind of the typical output.
David P. King: Thank you, Jeff. Thank you all for listening to our earnings call, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Good day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also review our 2012 guidance.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Excluding the Hunter Lab settlement of $49.5 million, free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2011, was $759.4 million. Cash flow has been negatively impacted by approximately $17 million, due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process, which we expected and have previously discussed. The impact from these delays has improved by $11 million since the third quarter of 2011, and we expect to continue to make progress in resolving these issues. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 46 days at the end of December, unchanged year-over-year and sequentially. Our bad debt remained 4.5%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 5.5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 4.8% of this growth. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 4.2% year-over-year. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 4.1% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 1.2% year-over-year during the fourth quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.6% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 3.5% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the fourth quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 18.9% compared to 19.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Year-over-year margin decline was due entirely to recent acquisitions that we have not fully integrated. Excluding these acquisitions, margins would have remained stable year-over-year. Margins will improve as we integrate these businesses and our guidance for next year implies margin expansion. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $159.3 million and approximately $400 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the fourth quarter, we replaced existing credit facilities with a new $1 billion revolver. We borrowed $560 million under the new facility and repaid all amounts outstanding under our previous term loan and revolving credit facility. In addition to the cash generated by operations, we believe the new $1 billion revolver will provide us with ready liquidity to carry out strategic initiatives. At the end December, total debt was $2.2 billion. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $172.1 million of stock, representing 2.1 million shares. At the end of December, $84.4 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized a new $500 million share repurchase program. This authorization reflects our continued commitment to return capital to and create value for our shareholders. This morning, we also announced our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3.5%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization in the range of $6.75 to $7.05, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2011; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million.  I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Bill, this is Brad, and I think about that metric from 3 different ways. First of all, year-over-year growth is important, but we also look at what those revenue per requisitions are doing sequentially. And they were sequentially up in Q4 compared to Q3. And especially, across payers, across testing, managed care was up sequentially. And so that's the first thing we do when we're looking at that is say, what happens sequentially? Second, on a year-over-year basis we took 2 looks, one was by payer and the other was by test to your specific point. By payer, our client category is experiencing the fastest volume growth, and our client category has the lowest revenue per requisition. An example of a business that's growing in our client category that Steve Anderson mentioned is our Drugs of Abuse Testing business. So as we see volume growth accelerate above the average in those businesses, it's putting some pressure on the overall price metric. The second is in our patient, in our uninsured population. That volume is our highest priced in terms of revenue per requisition. That volume year-to-date in 2011 was 6.5% lower than 2010. And in the fourth quarter, 8.7% lower than 2010 in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing some acceleration of low-paying or lower-price-point payer categories, and also some deceleration in higher price point categories. On the test mix side, we're also seeing the flattening of Vitamin D and also flattening in our Histology business. So that is also putting pressure on the overall metric.
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. We have -- we did not see any change in the fourth quarter compared to what we had been experiencing throughout 2011.
William B. Hayes: We're pretty well along, given that we're over a year now from the actual acquisition, so we're pretty far along in that process. There still are some transitions that are scheduled to occur in 2012. But it's definitely baked into our guidance and our thinking for 2012.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Darren, it's Brad. I would say that definitely you touched on something that we've said earlier and want to continue to stress is the tough comp, especially in Q4. I think looking back across the year, the deceleration, I would say, was around in the summer months. And then we saw a stability in the fourth quarter compared to that deceleration, at least in terms of absolute levels of volumes, setting aside the year-over-year comp. Again, back to the tough comp for Q4. So that's the way we think about what happened in 2011. And again, 2012 will be up to the macro environment, as well as what things that we can do internally to offset and outpace that.
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think without the help of some of the efficiency programs that we've talked about before, organic volume at the low end would make it challenging on margins. But again, we have the help of the acquisition integrations in 2012. And as Dave has said several times on the call, we expect growth to accelerate from where we're seeing growth now. So I think looking out into the future, there are margin expansion opportunities for us.
William B. Hayes: Lisa, this is Brad. I'll start with the organic growth rate. So we reported volume up 1.2%, with Genzyme attributing 0.6% of that. So if we go to that organic number, it's 0.6%.
William B. Hayes: We did. So it's apples-to-apples. So when we backed it out of the fourth quarter last year, even backing out Genzyme, we were at 3.2%.
