David King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's 2010 Third Quarter Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2010 results, highlight our progress on our key strategic initiatives and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David King: Thank you Steve. In summary we are pleased with our performance this quarter and look forward to the opportunities ahead. Thank you very much for listening. We are now ready to take your questions.
David King: Bob I have not seen anything in terms of financials and because of the antitrust review that’s currently ongoing we are not allowed to share specific details about operational performance. So my sense is that they came in pretty close to plan but I don’t have any specifics.
David King: By the way Bob. I am sorry, I am just referring to the Genetics business I have no visibility at all in to the activities of Genzyme Corporation.
David King: Sure. It’s Dave, Adam. Your first question on volume, we did see volume growth, organic volume growth this quarter, which really is the first time this year that we’ve seen the organic business grow. Again, that is a change in the trend from the first two quarters. So, positive in the sense that we had organic volume growth. Yes, we had some help from acquisitions but both on the core side and the esoteric side, we saw the business grow. In terms of anatomic pathology, our histology volumes actually increased year-over-year in the third quarter. There was some help from acquisitions there but again, the organic trend in anatomic pathology improved. So to be clear on that, we lost a little volume organically but the trend has improved substantially from what we’re seeing through last year and the first two quarters of this year.
David King: I think the issue that one sees with in-sourcing is that, it makes the most sense for bigger practices. So, the bigger practices that were the leaders in this in-sourcing basically have I think completed the in-sourcing. The question that is still out there is, given the impact of healthcare reforms and everything else are smaller practices going to start consolidating and then try to in-source too and we don’t have a lot of ability to see that. Certainly it is the case that the in-sourcing trend has stabilized where we are now from where it was a year ago and even at the beginning of this year.
David King: So it’s the largest plan by medical membership in the New York market and while we don’t qualify the revenue opportunity, my recollection is it’s something on the order of 1.5 and two million members who have a laboratory benefit in that plan. So the potential opportunity is pretty sizeable in terms of continuing to improve our position in New York, capture market share and have further opportunity for pull-through from the existing United Health Care business. In terms of progress to-date, I would say we are of to a somewhat slower start than we expected Adam and we continue to be focused on improving our performance in the New York market and certainly the senior leadership responsible for operations recognizes that we need to pickup our performance with Empire but we are making the physician office calls, we are starting to see traction and I think overall we are pleased with how that relationship is progressing.
David King: We did talk about I am sure about a year ago, but now it seems shorter but we did talk about our focus on specialty markets and I would say we are seeing very solid growth in endocrinology, we are seeing very solid growth in infectious disease and some of that obsessively is being assisted by the success of our Monogram integration and so in other specialties rheumatology, nephrology, with our chronic kidney disease program we are seeing very strong year-over-year growth particularly in volumes there. As I think we said before and as you see in the IMS data the biggest detractor is the OB/GYN market continues to be soft for everybody, but I think the reason you are seeing a good esoteric growth and as we mentioned a return organic volume growth is, we are focused on the specialty physicians, we are focused on the specialty markets, we are focused on the comprehensive LabCorp offering, which we enhanced last year with Monogram and obviously we feel we’ve strongly enhanced once we receive regulatory approval and when we are able to close the Genzyme Genetics transaction. That Genzyme Genetics transaction really opens up a whole new area of opportunity for us, which is the large hospitals and academic medical centers that are sending reference work to Genzyme Genetics that historically have been very difficult for LabCorp to reach.
David King: The FDA as you know held very comprehensive two day public meeting back in June in which it solicited comments from a broad range of stakeholders about regulation of laboratory developed testing. It’s my understanding that the FDA continues to review the input they have received at that session and also continues to evaluate what the right regulatory approach would be for lab developed testing. We have worked extensively through the American Clinical Laboratories Association or trade association to, which by the way the collaboration of I believe 13 other or 14 other affiliated industry groups including the College of American Pathologists, the hospital lab trade association, a lot of a good thinking has gone on in the industry about trying to help FDA find the right course. So at this point I think its private sure to try to hypothesize what FDA might do, but I do you think there they are taking a measured approach which we appreciate. We are trying to contribute in a constructive way to the dialog to lead to an outcome that will be positive from their perspective as well as from the industry prospective.
David King: Correct Kevin, its Dave. There is one contact that we spoke about last year that will fully annualize. It went of in various tiers and so it will fully annualize in December.
David King: Sure. A couple of things. First of fall the clinical volume IL-28B has grown pretty significantly since we launched it in September, so that’s the positive. It’s a not huge and at this point, it’s certainly not anything that would be material to revenue but we are seeing a very substantial growth in the number of clinicians who are ordering IL-28B.  Second, in the clinical trials business there are a large number of newly initiated or ongoing trials, relating to hepatitis C drugs and drug treatment in which IL-28B will be a key component. So we’ve seen a pick up in interest on the clinical trials business in that Monogram for the use of IL-28B to evaluate the new direct acting HCV anti virus. So, pleased with the progress and we expected it to continue to grow.
David King: Sure. We don’t break at our clinical trials revenue but it’s not something we are ashamed of. It’s about $120 million of revenue and for a reference, in about 2005, that business was a $40 million business. So, in the space of less than five years, it’s triple from a revenue perspective. Also, I would point out that, last year was a very tough year. So we actually went backward a little bit. This year we’re getting back to where we were really in the 2008 time. So its been an excellent source of growth for us its also been an excellent source of innovation and it positioned us in terms of out ability to license and capitalize on assays like IL-28D because the pharmaceutical sponsors recognize our superior esoteric capabilities and all the other advantages we have, including our infrastructure and the service centers that can help them with patient collections. So the business had been a very good business. What it has lacked and what we have talked about probably for at least the last year if not more is, we have lacked a central lab network that went beyond the United States. Our central lab in Belgium and some affiliates, some loose affiliations that with labs in other countries and the reality is that, the naive patients, and when I say that, its patients who are not being treated and therefore the patients that are most desirable for trial sponsors. The naïve patients largely these days are in the developing markets, so that’s India, its China Singapore, and Malaysia. Our central lab capabilities in those areas has been a detriment, particularly in China because under Chinese regulations no one is allowed to move blood out of the country to do testing elsewhere. So what Clearstone offers us is a collaboration that makes our services and also our esoteric testing capabilities available in places that we previously have not had those capabilities. So I think it will be a significant opportunity to grow the clinical trials business going forward.
David King: I think what I see Bill in the IMS data on physician office visits, which again we should remember is not intended to be a month-by-month but rather sort of a quarterly view is that the physician office visits particularly in the OB/GYN market continue to trend down year-over-year although by less in September then they had in July and August. How are trends? The OB/GYN market continue to be better than the IMS data so if the IMS data is down by X, we are down by less than X, but we are still down and I would say the biggest thing we noticed on a year-over-year basis is a decline in PAP testing and my hypothesis and I will tell you its only a hypothesis, it’s very hard to prove out but my hypothesis is you were seeing a lot of people, a lot of women who are differing a PAP for a year, whether its because on financial considerations, whether its because the PAP itself isn’t very expensive but it’s also involves a physician office visit, which can be expensive. I don’t know the answer to that but that’s where we see the biggest impact in overall volume in the OB/GYN market.
David King: What I think the focus at Polmedo and the medical director there are trying to accomplish and we’ve had many discussions with them through [PCLA] is they are trying to get greater transparency in what they are paying for. So right now they get set of CPT codes and particularly with genetic testing that sort of CPT codes could be any number of a wide variety of tests. So the concern is that whether it’s by design or otherwise, the coding is not consistent among providers for the tests and so that adds further opaqueness to what are they actually paying for. We have always been supportive of greater transparency in CPT coding and in people knowing and payers knowing what they’re paying for, that’s absolutely appropriate and I think the concern that we’d express to Polmedo is make sure that when you implement guidelines such as these, you don’t run in to the law of unintended consequences as CMS did a couple of years ago with their medically, whatever they were called, the medically unbelievable and its where there were some significant potential consequences to provide they had not foreseen. I know that recently the Monogram business people met with clinicians, met with medical director of Polmedo. They provided a very detailed data package on why Polmedo should reimburse appropriately for the trofile testing. Polmedo was very pleased with the package that we provided and I think what it says is, if you provide the appropriate date and you provide transparency, which is what we try to do, its not a big issue. So I think again I think we will be fine with this. I think the initiative for greater transparency in coding is something that we at LabCorp welcome. So I think the key is to make sure that in doing these things there are not unintended consequences that are not foreseen at the time when the rules are implemented.
David King: The reason we don’t like to break it out is because part of our growth strategy is to acquire and fold-in other businesses. We grow the business organically and we grow the business by acquisitions. So to us, there is no difference in terms of how we achieve that growth. So I think, clearly when you do a sizeable acquisition along the line of a Genzyme Genetics its perfectly reasonable for people who want to know how that business is performing, but when you do a fold-in acquisition, my view is that’s just part of our business and it doesn’t merit separate consideration.
David King: Yes. The real drag is Westcliff. As I mentioned in my opening comments, give that the FTC has asked us to hold the business separate. That business was losing money before we acquired it and given that we have to hold in separate and its being run by a separate manager with a separate FTC monitor, we can't do anything to improve the profile. So its losing money, which obviously is not helping only either the expense side or the margin side. So that where a real drag is coming from. We are hopeful that the FTC will give us clearance to close the transaction and at that point the cost reductions, they are not all they want obviously but reductions of some of the inefficiencies occur pretty quickly and we get back to the company margin profile fairly rapidly.
David King: I wish I could give you a time frame but its really in the hands of the FTC and they are the ones who will tell us when they have completed their review.
David King: We don't have any national contracts up for renewal. As we mentioned, there is some regional contracts. There are a couple regional contracts that are up for renewal and we are working on those. The environment continues to be, the manage care companies are very anxious to move, work to the low cost provider and we are the lowest cost provider and they would always like the pricing to go down, but I think the pricing environment continues to be quite stable.
David King: No. We are assuming the Westcliff remains a standalone business through the fourth quarter in the guidance that we have given.
David King: It’s very unique for us it was a contract that came with the monogram acquisition. I would say in our history, it’s the first time we’ve ever had anything like that, and so it’s a very unique item for us as opposed to something that you would expect to see on a normal basis.
David King: Yes, there is a couple of things, the acquisitions, particularly DCL, which is a women’s health focused business did bring us volume in histology year-over-year that helped that number. So that’s the first item. The second item, on a sequential basis the trend in our base anatomic pathology business particularly the DIANON business is better. Now that doesn’t mean that volume is improving in that business compared to where it was, because we’re still seeing the fall off that was discussed early in the in-sourcing but its improving on a relative basis and it has improved since the first quarter. Its about 300 basis points better in the third quarter than it was in the first quarter in terms of the relative decline. So those two factors are why histology has turned positive, a better organic trend and help from the acquisitions particularly DCL.
David King: At the end of the fourth quarter they will be but there is still some impact in the first couple of months in the fourth quarter.
David King: In total. Yes, that is correct. One thing I would like to clarify on that point too because it came up earlier when we are valuating that, we also back out the drugs of abused. So, we know that drug of abused is growing year-over-year, but, when we think about our organic volume, we also take that into account. So we can see what the core business is doing.
David King: No, we don’t. If it were to close tomorrow, I think we would obviously announce that and we would provide an update to the balance of the year guidance based on the early closing. Right now the balance of the year guidance assumes that Genzyme Genetics does not close this year.
David King: I mean I think the trend continues to be year-over-year declines but again less decline in for example in the month of September that IMS reported in the months of July and August, I think we expect to see the trend remain about what it is, I don’t expect that to improve, I don’t expect to get noticeably worse.
David King: Sure., First of all with regards to the timings of earnings we will take that understand the timings of earnings are largely indicative by closing the quarter, the timings of our announcements are largely indicative by closing the quarter and recognizing a comment at the same time. We think that our results stand up well on there merit and that’s what we want our honors to evaluate us by. With regards to the commentary as I don’t make it a habit of listening to our comparators call, I don’t know what comments they gave but the commentary I can give you is, we started to see the impact on, the economic impact volumes as early and we started to make reference to it, as early I believe is the second quarter of 2008 when we did that when others were expressing the view that they were not seeing that impact. We did that, we undertook strategic initiative to redirect our sales force and to redirect our sales efforts to areas where we felt there was the greatest opportunity to continue to grow the business in spite of the economic challenge and so we put a lot of sales resources in to infective deceases, we put a lot of sales resources in to endocrinology, we put lot of resources in to particularly the up deferred market for pre-natal and pre-conception genetic testing. So I think our results since we undertook those initiatives speak for themselves, which is that they have been positive not only by comparison to the industry, but generally in terms of just the profile of our business and the continued growth of the esoteric testing line. We also have said that the acquisitions are part of our growth strategy and we continue to make strategic and in our view very sensible acquisitions and then deliver what we say we do which is we said monogram be accretive of post the annualization and monogram is accretive post the animalization and its driving top line revenue growth because of the pricing and because of the unique to sort of test offering. So, we’re going to continue with the strategy that is been successful for us and of course always going to continued to refine that strategy to improve it as we take account of what’s going on in the market place and the long-term opportunity in the business when we receive regulatory clearance and close Genzyme Genetics and have a new window into a large hospital systems, academic medical centers, more pre-natal and pre-conceptions genetic testing, more hematology, oncology business in an area that is not subjected in-sourcing, which is a very sophisticated treatment of a blood and bone cancers. We feel great about the way the future looks for us.
David King: I don’t think we gave inter quarter volumes trends. I think we said, we wouldn’t and we are not going to in October.
David King: I am sorry in terms of decline in position office visits year-over-year based on the IMS data its not based on our volumes.
David King: Bill as you know our guidance is intended to in encompass a wide range of outcomes but we guided a high level.
David King: Thank you all for listening to our earnings call. We very much appreciate the time you spent with us this morning and hope you have a great day. 
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve.  Thank you, Steve. By now, you should've had a chance to review our third quarter financial results. On today's call, I will discuss four key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2010 was $718.2 million compared to $739.6 million in 2009, both net of transition payments to UnitedHealthcare. This decrease of 2.9% is attributable to higher capital expenditures, which were anticipated in our cash flow guidance. Also, third quarter cash flow was impacted by timing-related issues and account receivables, primarily related to acquisitions and higher tax payments. Importantly our full year guidance related to operating cash flow remains at $870 million. We were extremely pleased with our cash collections. Despite the timing-related issues, previously mentioned, DSO improved four days year-over-year to 44 days at the end of September and declined sequentially by one day from the second quarter. As a result of our continued success in cash collections we are maintaining our bad debt rate of 4.8%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 7.7% year-over-year in the third quarter. During the quarter we achieved strong growth and revenue per requisition, which increased to 5.7% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. The revenue per requisition growth was also impacted by lost contracts and the recognition of deferred revenue resulting from an amendment to a customer contract, which together improved revenue per requisition by 2.5%. Total company volume increased 1.9% year-over-year. The contract losses in 2009 that we previously discussed reduced volume by 1.4%. Excluding the loss contracts volume increased by approximately 3.3% in the quarter. Esoterix volume increased 6.9% in the quarter. Third margins; for the third quarter our adjusted operating income margin was 19.6%. Recent acquisitions that we’ve not yet fully integrated caused the 50 basis point drag on margin. Fourth, liquidity; we remained well capitalized. At the end of September we had cash of $96.9 million and approximately $395 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of September total debt was $1.3 billion including $65 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, we repurchased a $115.8 million of stock representing 1.5 million shares. At the end of September, approximately $234.2 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. I would also like to point out that earnings per share benefited in the quarter as a result of a reduced tax rate primarily due to the favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions. This morning we updated our 2010 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 5%, adjusted EPS in the range of $5.52 to $5.57, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30th, 2010, compared to prior guidance of $5.40 to $5.55; operating cash flow of approximately $870 million excluding any transition payments made to UnitedHealthcare and capital expenditures of approximately $135 million. This updated guidance does not include any impact from the Genzyme Genetics acquisition. I would now turn the call over to Dave.
Brad Hayes: Bob we are breaking that out specifically but we combined it with the impact to the lost contracts to quantify that it had 2.5% impact on price. So in Dave’s comments the real way we think about price excluding those items was 3.2%. I will say there it affected multiple periods, the deferred revenue that is, it had associated cost with it and it is not material to earnings.
Brad Hayes: No, not specifically we have that all on top of our head but probably about $ 0.03 if we though about that.
Brad Hayes: We don’t guide on the tax rate for the year or the quarter but I would take this opportunity to say that since the adoptions of FIN 48 it is fairly normal for the third and fourth quarter to have reversals of uncertain tax positions as the statutes of limitation expire on those uncertain tax positions. I would say this somewhat greater impact in Q3 this year as past years but again I think its normal since the adoption of FIN 48 and we will expect to see that continuing to the future that phenomena of lower third and fourth quarter.
Brad Hayes: Well, Kevin, this is Brad. I’ll go back to what we said when we announced the deal on the financing costs. We said at that time, we intended to permanently finance about two-thirds of the transaction price and fund through cash or our revolving line of credit, the other one third. I think it’s too early to provide any details on what we assume around the amortization because we have to close the transaction and then also complete some work to finalize that number.
Brad Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. That’s where some of the deferred revenue impact hit. So there would be very little volume related to that and mostly priced. So we have that impact there.
Brad Hayes: Only just, by its very nature there is deferred revenue and the deferred cost associated with it. I am not going to quantify it but it was represents the cost of performing those tests.
Brad Hayes: We haven’t made a decision about whether we would do a press release or not. So I can’t project that right now.
Brad Hayes: What we’ve said is that the two items account for 2.5 points of the price and that’s all we are going to say.
Brad Hayes: Sure. When I look back at some of the history that you mentioned, one was related to a tax treaty an international tax treaty that was one large item in the fourth quarter in a past period. The other was a resolution of a state audit that had large number related to it. I would say this is normal part of our expectation. Its somewhat lower that is the tax rate than I would expect on a normal Q3 basis but one thing I’d like to point out about both items that you’ve mentioned, the deferred revenue as well as the tax rate is, that we raised the mid point of the guidance for the full year by $0.07. So basically leaving the fourth quarter unchanged.
Brad Hayes: Our outlook on the environment is that it is not getting better but its not getting worst and so our guidance for the rest of the year is unchanged. Our guidance for the fourth quarter, we don’t give guidance by the quarter but look at the end of the third quarter and there is full year guidance and there is one quarter left. So we can kind of figure out what the fourth quarter expectation is. So our guidance for what we think we’re going to do in the fourth quarter is unchanged, because we think fundamentally the environment is unchanged. That’s why we are where we are.
Brad Hayes: Yes. If you back up the impact of the acquisitions particularly Westcliff, gross margin was flat year-over-year. So, was a little bit disappointing. I would point out that one of the things that is having an impact there is that, trends particularly including healthcare costs have continued to increase. So that’s a headwind in terms of gross margin, but, offsetting that, and why we’re able to improve gross margin, the first half of the year and keeping net of the acquisitions flat this quarter is to continue progress on our 2010 initiatives and our efficiency initiatives and we expect those to continue to have a positive impact on gross margin overtime.
Brad Hayes: Well. Obviously we don't guide the gross margins. So what I would say is the first, you always have as you turn the year, you have the impact of salary increases, which we factor in and what ever fringe costs are. That’s always is a negative to when you start the year to being able to achieve gross margin improvement. So, if we are going to see gross margin improvement, which we continue to strive for, we think we have done a very good job of accomplishing, its going to be because the efficiency initiatives offset the impact of those and other factors, I mean rental increases and things that are just part of our business. So, you are not going to see huge jumps in gross margin. You are going to see incremental gains, 10, 20 basis points, and I think that’s the way we should think about it. So we certainly should think about overtime, there is the opportunity to continue to improve our gross margin.
Brad Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think it can be a variable. Not certainly, I don’t expect that number that we saw this quarter but certainly a variable in that range like every other assumption.
Brad Hayes: So, I think on the amortization question, until we finish the closing and the accounting, we're not really in the position to talk about that. So I think on the overall running of the business, I would obviously it is our goal, and its a goal of the managements group of Genzyme genetics which is a terrific group. It’s the goal to improve that the operating profile on the business but this is a complex transaction involving complex businesses that do very complex testing. There are three lines of business within Genzyme Genetics; the genetics business, the hematology-oncology business and the clinical trials business. We are not going to rush through on the integration process to improve the margin profile at the expense of loosing the revenue and the value of the brand that we’re paying for. So, this is a very important strategic acquisition. On both sides we're committed to improving the operational performance from a financial perspective but we’re going to do it in the deliberate way, we are just not going to jeopardized rationale for why we’re acquiring the business.
Brad Hayes: Well, its partly revenue growth and is partly expense reduction. I mean that’s where you get to. First of all we’re going to focus on the non-employee related expense reductions, which are specimen collections, logistics, transportation, use of our patient service centers, couriers, better usage of genetic [council]. So all of the opportunities where we can reduce expense, supply costs and supply chain, where we can reduce expense that does not have a direct impact on personnel. Then we sit down with management and we’ll look at, I mean there are many overlapping facilities, we may be able to quite comfortably accommodate the testing and the people who do the testing at Genzyme in facilities that we already have safe substantial rental expenses. So that the big improvements in 2012 are both top line revenue growth and improvement in the cost structure.
Brad Hayes: As I said earlier and I’ll relate this to two issues the tax rate in the third quarter any differed revenue were part of the third quarter and we raised our full year guidance by $0.07 in the middle.
Brad Hayes: We haven’t done that specific calculation. As you pointed out the forth quarter is typically much lower than the third sequentially. We haven’t done the exact calculation that you’re asking for but I think as Dave alluded too earlier, we don’t see any material deterioration or change in the business between the third and fourth quarter except for adjusting for the holiday volumes.
Brad Hayes: I think it would be difficult to try to breakout all the puts and takes in the fourth quarter we just have continued impact to the acquisitions. We have the full annualization of the lost contract. So I think there is a lot of moving pieces and our guidance is intended to encompass the full potential range of moving parts and outcomes and I just think its very tough to start breaking it down in to the detail of what up and what’s down.
Brad Hayes: Monogram, the integration is complete. We annualized the acquisition. The business achieved our growth expectations and continue to achieve our growth expectations and in fact, in the third quarter was accretive to EPS which we had said it would be. Probably a thing, I’m most pleased about here, Kemp, is we’ve introduced the [Geneassure] powered by Monogram for HIV resistance testing, which gives physician a very favorable price point and a very large data base to do their genotyping for HIV resistance. We’ve introduced profile DNA which is a new Tropism Assay. We’ve seen increasing interest in assays used to evaluate the HCV antivirals including HCV genotype. HCV phenotype also HCV genotypic and phenotypic resistance tests. I mentioned earlier the IL-28B. We got Monogram fully integrated into the LabCorp logistic network. So that’s providing us with significant cost savings. The Monogram scientist had a very strong year in terms of thought leadership. So they have had over 60 peer reviewed publications in both the oncology infectious disease market in the first nine months of this year. So, I’m very pleased with where Monogram is, I think its been exactly what we said it would be which is, it was diluted in year one, its slightly accretive, going into year two and it continues to be a leader for LabCorp in science and in innovations, in the infectious disease market which we think has a tremendous amount of potential.
Brad Hayes: I think for the reasons that we have said, we are not going to break out what we consider to be organic verses acquisition driven volume growth. Volume was up, adjusted for the lost contracts by 3.3% that includes some acquisition impact and some organic growth impact and we are very pleased with that.
Brad Hayes: The deferred revenue on the price side, and as you mentioned, Vitamin D the acquisitions again back to Dave’s comments on histology obsessively helped and also on improving trend organically. So I would say those were the big items.
Brad Hayes: Different trends I would say because some of those come out of the wire but some are orders separately, so I would say the overall trend is not anywhere near as noticeable there as it is in the straight PAP claims.
