David P. King: Ross, it's Dave. I would just add, part of it is the integrated sale to the physicians' office, particularly the OB/GYN and primary care around Women's Health, around genetics, around Sequenom. So I think we have a very comprehensive set of services, and we're offering them in a way that is attractive to the customer and highlights the one-stop shop opportunity that really makes us differentiated.
David P. King: And Ross, it's Dave again. Just the acquisitions are outperforming our preliminary view of them when we made the acquisitions that applies to PAML, that applies to Chiltern. So those will annualize at some point, but we still feel this underlying performance in the business is very strong and gives us confidence that we'll be able to offset the impact of this accounting change.
David P. King: Good morning, Lisa. I think that it sort of sounds like a circular answer, but it's not. I mean I think you just have to look at the results. You look in particular at the progression in Covance of the book-to-bill, the net orders and the backlog. Obviously, a lot of that is due to good leadership, and it's due to strong operational improvement, but it's also due to the LabCorp capabilities that we bring around companion diagnostics. It's due to the LabCorp capabilities that we bring around data and recruitment. By the same token, you look at the strong LabCorp performance and again the numbers speak for themselves, but underneath that is the Covance capabilities that we bring to health systems with patient recruitment, the Covance capabilities that we bring with access to trials and cutting edge medications, not only in major academic centers but in health systems that have rural delivery – that deliver services in rural settings where the patients otherwise might not be able to access cutting edge medicines for acute conditions like advanced cancer, and so we bring something that is different and something that is attractive. So again, I think the numbers are the best reference point, but I also think those numbers would not be achievable without the combination of the two capabilities. And if you look at the performance of peers, you see that our numbers are better, and they're better because of the combination.
David P. King: I think it's very hard to quantify. Again, we can talk about specific contracts in Covance that we won because of the LabCorp data. We can talk about specific companion diagnostics contracts that we've won in Covance because of the LabCorp capabilities and the dedicated laboratory. But it's going to be hard to put a number on it other than to say I go back to the outperformances for a reason, and it's great people, it's great talent, it's great leadership, but it's also the value of the combined organization and the global scale and reach.
David P. King: And, Lisa, it's Dave. We can't comment on what the legal settlement is for due to confidentiality. But again, it's one of those things where we incurred some legal liability, and we were able to recoup some of that liability through the settlement.
David P. King: Jack, it's Dave. So the check-in tool is being introduced into the Walgreens environment as we move to the next set of stores, and we're optimistic that it will support an increase in opt-ins. We're talking about a number of what we think are very attractive options to expand the things that we're doing with Walgreens beyond just the drawing of blood in the stores. And we'll have more to say about that probably over the next couple of quarters opposed to this morning.
David P. King: Erin, it's Dave. So MDM and Women's Health are probably on average at a slightly higher price point than our average test mix, which would give us a little bit of positive impact. 23andMe, as we've said, is below our average price point. I think it's important to remember, however, that when you think about 23andMe, also think about the fact that we don't do a blood draw, we don't do logistics, we don't do the typical things that we would do in procuring a specimen. So even though it's below our average price point, that is not in any way to suggest that it's not great business for us because it's terrific business. So what you get in the total mix is you get up from Women's Health, up from Medical Drug Monitoring, up from Genetics and Oncology, with some offset from 23andMe. And that's why we mix to the 70 basis points positive.
David P. King: Erin, Dave. Just one more thing, I should also have mentioned. I think it's obvious, but nonetheless I should have mentioned that PAMA has an impact on revenue per requisition this quarter in the year-over-year comparison.
David P. King: Good morning, Patrick. It's Dave. We continue to be involved extensively and consistently with United. And as soon as we have something to tell you about, we absolutely will tell you about it.
David P. King: It's Dave again. I would say on the PAMA side, there's certainly activity in the pipeline. There's certainly engagement of a number of parties that are looking at their options. At the same time, we have to recognize that we as LabCorp and the industry through ACLA [American Clinical Laboratory Association] and our industry colleagues have been working very aggressively both within the court system and with the legislative system to try to fix the error that CMS made with PAMA, and so I think there's some watchful waiting in terms of what's going to really happen before we see a strong pickup in activity. In terms of the allocation of resources, I would just repeat what we have said previously, which is we're fortunate that we generated significant cash flow. We're going to deploy that cash flow judiciously. We look at every deal individually. There's no bias toward the CRO side or the lab side. We look at every deal individually in terms of what is the best deployment of capital, where are we going to achieve the best return. Both of the organizations are in the process of significant integration activity. And obviously, you saw we announced yesterday that we've expanded the partnership with Mount Sinai to do more things with them. So we don't have a bias. We will continue to be active in M&A, and we're going to look at where we can achieve the best return on the dollars we're investing.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. It would be with partner or partners. And it would involve performing the testing outside the U.S., but obviously in environments where we felt comfortable with all the things like quality, reproducibility, laboratory certification. And it would involve in all likelihood sharing of our operating procedures and processes for performing the testing. So as you know, the biopharmaceutical companies see large markets for some of these companion diagnostics outside the United – or some of the therapeutics outside the United States, and we want to be able to provide the companion diagnostic testing that's associated with.
David P. King: And it's Dave. I'll just add, beyond the dedicated companion diagnostics laboratory and our goal of achieving global delivery, we also have resourced a biomarker center of excellence within Covance to collaborate with pharma partners, and that is supported obviously by all the biomarker where we've historically done at LabCorp. So again, it's just another example of how the combination adds more to our service offerings than either of us would have alone.
David P. King: While I don't even know what I need to answer the question, you answered it for me. So it's early in the year. The guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes. I'm not going to comment on my conservatism versus my aggressivism, if that's even a word. But look, it's a very substantial amount of free cash flow. Certainly, there are things that we did in operational performance that make us optimistic about our ability to do better, but it is the end of the first quarter. The guidance does encompass a wide range of outcomes for earnings and obviously that translates into cash. We had said that we're going to make some incremental capital investments this year as part of the benefit of tax reform in the business, so we feel very comfortable maintaining the free cash flow guidance as it was in the quarter.
David P. King: Good morning, Tyler, it's Dave. I think we've been in the forefront of next-gen sequencing again both on the clinical trial central lab side as well as on the clinical diagnostics side. We do see it as a significant opportunity particularly around our genetic testing. At the same time, private payer coverage remains less than robust at this point. And so we see the CMS coverage decision as probably the beginning of a trend, but we're going to follow the trend carefully and adjust accordingly.
David P. King: Ralph, it's Dave. So we have been very clear that Diagnostics margins are going to be down this year as a result of PAMA. And the assumption would be that if PAMA is fully implemented as planned, we'll have margins headwinds in 2019 and 2020 as well. The other side of that is LaunchPad cost reductions, things that we're doing in the core diagnostics business to improve efficiency. Obviously, organic growth helps us to improve those margins as well as the test mix. On the Covance side, obviously we saw 200-plus basis point improvement in year-over-year margins with the initial steps from LaunchPad. LaunchPad is a three-year program to improve service delivery and sustainably improve margins as well. So for the Diagnostics business, the likelihood is we're going to see pressure on margins. For the Covance business, margins expansion. And for the enterprise – for the enterprise as a whole, our goal, as we said in our third priority, is to continue to protect them and optimize them over time. I'm sorry. I misspoke. The Covance margins were up 120 basis points as opposed to the 200 that I overoptimistically stated. That will be for John to do next quarter.
David P. King: Sure. So, on the question of exclusivity, there's exclusivity within the markets, but there's no blanket exclusivity. And so there could be other retail opportunities that we would pursue presumably. In fairness, there could be other lab opportunities that Walgreens might pursue. We have been very pleased with Walgreens as a partner. As I said earlier, we've talked a lot about other opportunities beyond what we're doing with the draw stations, and we expect this partnership to expand both in number of stores and in scope over the balance of 2018 and into the future. In terms of the number of stores, we want to be selective and careful about the markets. We want to think more broadly now that we're demonstrating the success of the model about how we can use the Walgreens service center locations to change the model of how patients engage with us at our current service centers. So I don't think there's any hesitation on either side to scale the program. What we are doing is being very careful about the way that we roll it out to make sure that, one, we don't damage service levels or reduce qualities because we're trying to expand too fast. Two, we're both very interested in integrating the kiosk check-ins into the broader structure of their pharmacy in our lab, and so that requires some IT work that we're looking at. So there's just a number of reasons, but I would not take it as any hesitation on either side to scale up the project.
David P. King: Ricky, good morning. It's Dave. So I think you've essentially stated it correctly. The things we need to think about are PAMA. I'm not – I wouldn't – obviously, the United contract doesn't have any impact on our 2018 pricing unless and until there's a change in the contract status. The impact of acquisitions and the annualization of acquisitions, so PAML and the price point of PAML probably being higher than our typical in-counter price. And remember, a lot of that is reference work that comes from hospitals. So that annualization will certainly have an impact. Generally, what I would say is our private pricing has been relatively stable over the last several years, as we've said. We don't see anything that is going to have an immediate impact on that. And so the major impact, as we've said, is mix, which is not unit price and unit pricing relating to PAMA.
David P. King: Again, it's Dave. We are not guiding to quarter-by-quarter impact of LaunchPad. I would say, remember that there were some reductions that we did last year that we're getting the full-year impact of this year that will annualize. And then the impact of things like global service delivery, which started in the first quarter, will actually accelerate throughout the year. So I guess the best way to put it is think about the Covance LaunchPad and the Chiltern synergies as essentially being spread ratably over the three-year period. And then within that period – within each year, you'll typically see a relatively even distribution subject to some ups and downs.
David P. King: Sure. The at-home device is designed to open another channel to consumers and patients. The initial test menu will be probably in the range of about 20 analytes, and will focus on things that are of high interest to consumers like hemoglobin A1c and also to payers. And there are several ways that we think about why this is important. One, just in conversations with leaders of large payers, one of the things that I'm hearing over and over again is the costliest patients are the patients who are sick at home. They're not engaging with the system. That's why they're showing up in acute crises in the emergency room, and we need to find a better way to reach them. So you're seeing a lot more activity around home health. You're seeing a lot more activity around home monitoring. And for us, this is a simple way of supporting not only the consumer who wants to know about the status of their health through labs, but also the payer community, including the government payers, in being able to reach patients in the home in a convenient and low-cost manner. So I'm not going to make an estimate in terms of what is the market opportunity or where is it going to go, but I think it's a really important initiative for us again to open another channel to reach consumers and then to think about is this kit available for sale in the retail setting, is it delivered through a distributor or a wholesaler who has a home business. These are potential further legs of the business as we roll it out.
David P. King: I've said all along that, first of all, any time you sue the government, it is an uphill battle. Nevertheless, on the merits – and they're dense legal papers but I have read them. On the merits, we have a very convincing and powerful case. Congress wrote a statute in which it specifically instructed the Secretary to do something, and that something was do a market survey that included hospitals. The Secretary wrote a rule that excluded over 90% of the hospitals in the United States. So the Secretary didn't do what Congress said. And legally, I believe that means that rule should be set aside, and that is what we're seeking in relief. We're not seeking change in the payment cuts. We're seeking that the rule be set aside and the Secretary be told to go back and do what Congress said to do. So to me, the right case is the judge rules in our favor, the rule is set aside, the Secretary restarts the process of rulemaking, and we end up with a rule that carries out congressional intent. And that would have the impact of resetting the 2018, 2019, 2020 reductions and coming to a market assessment of the lab industry, which is exactly what Congress asked for the Secretary to do. Congress said to the Secretary get Medicare to market. It didn't say get Medicare to the absolute lowest price on every single test, which seems to be what the Secretary is trying to achieve.
David P. King: It's Dave. I think as John just said, we exceeded $0.5 billion. We're not updating that number, but you can assume that it continues to grow.
David P. King: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. I think what you can gather from this call is that we are intently focused on two things. One is execution. The other is innovation. And our focus on execution and innovation is delivering impressive results, and we're excited that we will be updating you on those results in the quarters to come. We wish you a good day.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Hey, Ross. This is Glenn. To your point that the growth that we experienced in the first quarter organically, margin improvement through our LaunchPad initiative was all coming through. We had a very strong first quarter. As we look to the remainder of the year, we continue to see a good outlook, better organic revenue. You saw that we bumped up our guidance, if you will, and revenue within our Diagnostics business. We also did have the benefit of favorable currency in the quarter, and the outlook for the year contributes as well. But overall, we're feeling pretty bullish about our businesses and it's reflected in our guidance.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: I'll take the first part, which is the financial impact. We've talked about it mostly offsetting the adverse impact from weather, and we did quantify that at around 1% impact on volume. So the adverse weather, call it, is around $10 million of operating income. And so we talked about that the legal settlement essentially is at least mostly offsetting it, so it gives you the magnitude or the range of what that number would be as well.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah. This is Glenn. We've talked about that the impact of PAMA for the year was going to be roughly around $70 million, and it is we expected and actually we experienced in the first quarter pretty close to being kind of pro rata. So we expect it to be pretty evenly spread throughout the year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: The only thing I just add to that. Just, as you know, when you look at the seasonality of our business, our first quarter historically is in the 10% of our total year's cash flow. So we kind of came within that range doing $82 million, again out of a $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion total number. So obviously, as the year unfolds as we generate the bulk of our free cash flow throughout the year, we'll continue to give the updates on where we feel hopeful coming on.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: I would say forecasting is an art. It's not a science. And I think we'd all agree that the worst forecasters tend to be the weather predictors. But from our perspective, we assume normal weather throughout the rest of the year, which is within the guidance. But as you recall, when we had the third quarter a year ago, we had adverse weather. So barring normal weather, we actually should see a pickup from weather in the third quarter, but obviously things that we don't control, which is why we don't forecast it to be anything other than kind of normalized.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure. First, I guess on the EPS and ASC 606 and the guidance. As you saw when we gave our preliminary assessment and when we came out with our guidance, we did give preliminary restated revenue numbers for 2017 and then our growth rates for 2018, which was effectively adding the investigator fees and the other pass-through expenses. And so, as you saw in our change in guidance or the updating of our guidance, none of the growth rates on the revenue side were due to ASC 606. It was due to the strength of organic revenue growth within Diagnostics as well as the change in the currency. On the earnings side, it's a little bit more challenging. There, while we did a sampling of the contracts that we have, and again, over 800 of them, the impact on the earnings was fairly negligible. We assume that over when we got to all 800 contracts going through the detailed review that they would be offsetting because effectively they were all pass-through. When we did the analysis and updated it, again, for every one of the contracts, what we saw was that, relative to the sample that we used initially, our contracts tended to be earlier stages of completing of the trials. And because the investigator fees and the other pass-through expenses tend to be more weighted towards the middle of the contracts, we were more weighted with earlier-stage contracts. And as a result, they caused our percentage of completion to change where effectively it moved it out a little bit. So the earnings, and use 2017 as an example, there again we would assume that it would have a nominal impact. It had around a $55 million impact in earnings that will again be pushed out to future periods. And then similarly now in our guidance for 2018, as we roll those contracts forward, we have around, call it, $35 million of reduction in earnings relative to the old accounting standard, so less than the impact in 2017. But again, those earnings will be pushed out in the future as well. With regard to the offsetting of the $0.20 to $0.30 impact from ASC 606, we talked about the strength of our organic revenues. We've talked about the impact that currency was favorable as well. When we gave our original guidance, at that point, we knew the adverse impact from weather other than there was some still bad weather later in the period, but the bulk of it was early. And we knew about the benefit of the legal settlement that was effectively going to be an offset to that. So relative to the guidance we provided, both of those were kind of muted out. The change really is driven off of the strong performance we had in the first quarter, and again, an improved outlook for the remainder of the year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: No. We guided – we assume that we would be roughly 25% on an adjusted basis, and we continue to believe that. The first quarter is always going to – I shouldn't say always. Obviously, hopefully, we're always seeing our share price appreciation, so we're getting a benefit from the stock-based comp impact on taxes. But we know that when we provide our guidance. So our stock comp, if you will, vests in February in the first quarter, you'll have seen that in the trends that same quarter a year ago that we'll have a lower effective tax rate. And then throughout the year, we do not forecast any more change relative to stock comp. So to the extent that people are exercising shares that we obviously can't forecast, there could be a benefit from that going forward, but we don't model that. So we still feel the 25% is the right number for the year with the first quarter coming in, call it, around 23% and obviously implies that we'll be a little bit above 25% for the remaining three quarters.
John D. Ratliff: Sure, I'll take that, Jack. This is John Ratliff. In terms of book-to-bill and the actual ED and then finally getting into the other part, book-to-bill in the 8-K shows we were in the old methodology at about 1.36 times, and then in terms of now 1.34 times. That's over the last 12 months. Under the new, it was 1.34 times going to 1.29 times. The key here is strong operating performance no matter what view you take. And so that's even with annualizing probably our strongest quarter last year. So significant strength across each of the segments, early development, as well as in the labs as well as the clinical. As to the revenue, it's consistent with our guidance that we gave for the year in the single-high to mid-digit growth, and so showing actual accelerated growth in all the segments of the business. And then finally, in terms of the early development business, we're seeing actual real strength in terms of the safety assessment, metabolic lead optimization as well as the chemistry areas, accelerating momentum organically and actually adding capacity in certain areas, as we've actually given visibility to, as an example, the CMC area, but also adding capacity within our present facilities, so seeing the biopharma area, showing the biotech area showing real strength underneath and a significant participant in our backlog.
John D. Ratliff: Sure. The amount of proposals is consistent with past quarters, very nice proposal flow. And in terms of cancellations, we're within the range that we've seen in the past. There's nothing abnormal about that.
John D. Ratliff: I'd say yes to the very last point. We're seeing that extensively through chiefly both on the post-marketing side as well as in really the Phase II up. And so almost every discussion, every partnering discussion we're having that extensive capability review even at the early Phase II timeframe. But clearly we're seeing strength. We believe we're seeing the majority of the market, and that's why you're seeing our backlogs and our order rate go up by a factor of 3 and 4x from the time of the LabCorp acquisition of Covance. So we're seeing it in both areas, both the post-marketing area as well as in the Phase II/III, and pharma is extensively looking at the biomarker space and the capabilities in terms of the companion diagnostics with respect to the partnering – strategic partnering of Covance and themselves.
John D. Ratliff: I do think that most of our customers are using data with respect to decisions on patient recruitment strategies, on site selection, on protocol optimization. Now certain therapeutic areas are more applicable to the use of that data, but almost consistently across the board, whether it's our central lab data, whether it's our diagnostics data, they are utilizing that to their benefit in terms of the strategies of the aforementioned three years. So, specific wins, I think as Dave said, we obviously have over a (1:08:46) quarters and on track to the revenue goals that we had before, but as you know, Brian, those decisions when they're made on "data" are also made on the project team, the medics, the capabilities of strategy. It's never just one thing. And so we do look at this as a hugely differentiating factor and the reason why we're winning to the extent we have with the strong book-to-bills of around 1.3 times.
John D. Ratliff: The program versus FSP, I'm not seeing a swing to one way or another. The greatest thing in terms of the – or one of the areas that the Chiltern acquisition benefited us greatly on was the capability within the FSP areas, especially around the biometric space and now adding the strength of a legacy Covance in the monitoring space having that now enterprise offering, but we're seeing real strength on the programmatic side as well and across therapeutic areas, the oncology area. And I'd have to say the investments in the talent, team, therapeutic areas, et cetera, that LabCorp Covance have made in the past are assisting with the programmatic wins as well. I'm not seeing a shift one way or another, to answer your question.
