Adam Schechter: Yes. Good morning, Jack. Yes, a couple of things. So first of all, if you look at diagnostics pricing, I'll start with PAMA. There is obviously no impact of PAMA this year. Working through ACLA, which is the trade organization, we're going to continue to fight for a more rational way to think about PAMA in the future. But for our base case, we're assuming that in 2023, there'd be about $100 million impact. And in 2024, it'd be about half of that. So that's kind of what we're thinking for PAMA. In terms of other pricing, we don't see any acceleration of pricing decline. We're going to try to see if there's any way to increase pricing in certain areas. That's not easy. I don't think I would build a lot into the plan for that. But we're also looking at other things like Labcorp OnDemand, where you might have a different type of pricing as you go directly to consumers and so forth. So in general, I would think about the overall pricing pressure continuing, the PAMA pressure being less as we go into the 2024 time frame, and that the underlying base business is where we'll continue to see strong performance. And hopefully, what you can see is that we have a strong commitment to the Base Business in Diagnostics. If you think about COVID, we don't have much built in, if any, frankly, as you start to get into 2024 and beyond, we'll see how that turns out. But it really is all about the Base Business, it's about our ability to continue to grow in our geographies where we're strong. You heard about our deal today with Ascension. It's about doing more of those types of deals. So we think that the future is very bright for Diagnostics and our ability to grow, but it's not through pricing, and there will continue to be pricing pressure. It's more through geographic expansion, hospital deals and continued growth in the segment itself.
Adam Schechter: Yes, so, we've had a very good discussion in partnership with the team at Ascension. It's been really a pleasure to work with them. We've been talking to them for quite some time, frankly. And these are the types of deals that they're long term, strategic in nature. So it takes time. You have to make sure that the cultures are a fit, that the organizations have the same types of culture, and you get to know each other. And that's what these deals tend to take a while before they come to fruition. So we've been talking to our partners there for quite some time now. And what I would say is once we realize the cultural fit, that we could work together well, that there's a focus on patient care and ensuring that the patients get the needs that they - or the services that they need, to ensure that the physicians and the hospitals are able to get the test that they want, to ensure that as new colleagues move over into Labcorp over time that they would have a good experience, that's when we began to get even more and more serious about the partnership and discussions. This is a very large deal. Typically, they're not near as large as this. But again, it's one of many hospital systems that we're talking to, and we continue to feel good about the pipeline.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, A.J. So I'll give you some context, and I'll give you a sense of how we think about it. So we did 74 million tests for COVID for date - to date, and about 8.5 million, 8.6 million of those in the fourth quarter. So that gives you about 83,000 tests per day in the fourth quarter. If you look at the end of the fourth quarter last year, you actually saw significantly higher than the average of 83,000. And in the beginning of January, we actually saw more than at the end of December. So we saw a real peak in the first couple of weeks throughout most of January. If we look at where we are right now, we're actually closer to where we were in the average back in December and back in the fourth quarter. So you've already seen a significant decline in COVID testing. The reason we gave you a range of minus 60% to minus 75% is because there's a multitude of ways to be within that range. One could be that there's another variant, and therefore, you have increase in volume. We don't know when that would happen. Last year, I never would have expected anything to happen in the summer. And we saw something in the summer, and we also saw another surge in the wintertime. As we go through this year, we don't know if there'll be another variant and/or another surge. But the other thing that could be is that the price stays where it is and there's not a surge, and you could get to our range through that. If there is a price decrease, if the emergency is not declared again after April, you could see another surge that would offset a price increase if the emergency situation is released. So as I think about it, I think we're going to continue to see a decline in testing. I personally believe that the emergency situation will be hit through this year, which would keep price relatively consistent. There'll always be pressure on the price. But the range of 60% to 75% would be within multiple different things happening. So it's hard to give you an exact number, A.J., because as we did last year, we gave you our best estimate and each quarter, we changed it based on new information, new data we have. We'll continue to break it out separately so we can inform you of what we're seeing and what we think. But that's the best information we have at this time.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Ricky. And we spent a lot of time obviously trying to give you the best information we could because the baselines are a bit tricky as you think about everything that's happened with COVID. So I'll have Glenn give you some additional specifics there. Labor and supply, there's no doubt that we're getting hit with significant inflation. Labor and supply is not something we take lightly. We're watching it very closely, and we're seeing wage increases and supply increases. That's where we put in place the $350 million LaunchPad initiative to help offset that. The issue that occurs, Ricky, is that you get hit with the labor and supply and the wage issues right away, and then it takes you time to get the cost out. So we've given you our guidance over time, and we've given our averages over time. But for example, I think that the first quarter of this year will be harder than by the time we get to the fourth quarter this year because you get hit with all the wage inflation, and we had some weather and with the Omicron variant and so forth. And it takes us some time to get the cost out, which we're working very hard on. That's why we feel confident to give you the 30 million to 50 million basis point improvement on average per year because we feel confident we can do that. But the timing is going to be a little bit different because you get hit hard with the wage and the supply inflation, and then it takes you time to get the cost out. But we assume there will be continued pressure on wages and supply as we go through the long-term outlook. We don't think it's something that's temporary, and that's where we have to continue to find ways reduce costs where we can. And maybe, Glenn, you can give some Phase 5 discussion.
Adam Schechter: Hi, Patrick. Good morning. So our RFPs continue to be very strong, and we continue to get a significant number of RFPs. Discussions with pharma and biotech clients is that they have strong pipelines, and there's a lot that they still need to do to be funded. If you look at our net orders, I mean, we had $7.3 billion in net orders. And our trailing 12-month book-to-bill is still above 1.2, which is what we look to be, and it was very strong for the quarter itself. You look at our backlog, it's $15 billion, so it's almost 9% increase versus last year. And about $5 billion of that backlog we expect to convert into revenue over the next 12 months. So every indication we have is that the RFPs, the funding remains strong for us to be within the range of growth that we expect to be in the long-term outlook that we gave to you. In terms of China, China remains a very important market for pharma. I believe that they will continue to be an important growth market. So therefore, we have a significant presence there. We're able to perform studies there. We built significant organic in terms of people and capabilities in the country, and I think it was the right thing to do, and it will show that it will continue to be the right thing to do over time.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning. When we went through the strategic review, we looked at everything, and we were very thorough. I mean we spent almost a year evaluating all the alternatives, talking to people externally, making sure that we looked at not just structure but capital allocation. And after that entire process, the Board unanimously agreed that at this time, the structure is right. But we also realized and believed that our shares are not still fully valued in the marketplace. And we're doing a lot of things in terms of capital allocation and additional disclosures and long-term guidance, which we think will help with shareholder return. We believe that this should help more fully value the shares in the marketplace. But we also agree as a management and Board that we should always be looking at alternative scenarios and we should always be open if there's other things over time that makes sense. So it's another way of us acknowledging that it's not a one-and-done type of analysis. It's an analysis that you continually do, you continually refresh, you continually look at where you are, how you're performing, how things in the marketplace are evolving. So that's all you're hearing at the moment. We're going to continue to look at our options as anybody would expect you to do.
Adam Schechter: The only thing I would say, Kevin, as I mentioned, in January, you had a lot of weather. You had a lot of Omicron where even some of our employees weren't able to get in to open up service centers. And with Drug Development, we had - you have to charge for people when they work, but if people aren't working because they're ill - we faced issues that you saw in almost every business in the United States. So, first quarter is going to be probably one of the tougher quarters versus the other quarters in the year. But all that's been taken into full evaluation. And as we provided our guidance for 2022 and longer-term, we've looked at all of that. So other than that, I think things look strong, and we continue to be optimistic about the guidance and where we are.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start off with, there's no doubt that we're seeing inflation and we're seeing wage inflation, but also material costs going up and those things. But that's why we put in place the $350 million of cost savings. And it's not going to be $100 million, $100 million, $100 million over three years. We're going to try to get as much as we can out in the first year and then do more in the following years. The timing, as I mentioned earlier, will be a little bit different. The pressure hits you right away, but you take out the costs as you go through the year. And to give you a sense, the type of things that we're looking at, for example, are in our diagnostic area. Right now, you might assess a sample, meaning log it into the system in one area. And then you might have to fly it to another lab in a different part of the country. And then there might be another test that you have to do in another lab. We're looking at ways to streamline that so you get the results faster, but you wouldn't have the sample moving around as often. It's good for your ESG goals, but it also is good for patients and ultimately could reduce cost. So we're looking at those type of initiatives, which ultimately could reduce cost, but doesn't happen in a matter of days. It takes a little bit of time to kind of reshuffle reorganize what you're trying to do. But we have a lot of initiatives like that, that we're putting things like our automated propel system that we're going to put in additional laboratories, it can reduce cost. It's less wage pressure, because it doesn't take as many people necessary to run, but also you can get better quality, faster results at time. So we're looking for things to fundamentally change some of our business processes, and that's why it takes a little bit longer. But that's also why we're confident that we can deliver on the 30 to 50 basis point improvement in margin over time if you look at it on average.
Adam Schechter: Sure, Derik. I'll give you a little bit. Glenn can jump in. The first thing I'd tell you, Derik, is that we're going to give some additional disclosures when we report our first quarter earnings in April. So I think that will be helpful. We do that at that time. But clearly, when you look at the growth, I mean, a lot of the growth is coming from the later-stage clinical trial business. We see great opportunities there. We've invested in there with things like GlobalCare as well as snapIOT to give us good capabilities in terms of decentralized clinical trials, which are becoming more and more important. We've built our presence in Japan and in China in that business. So you'll see - and we believe that's an area that we can get very significant growth and also margin improvement. And then if you look at the Central laboratory business, we're a leader there, and we continue to feel strong in that business. But because you're a leader, the ability to grow isn't necessarily as easy as the ability to grow in area like clinical trials, where we're not yet where we want to be in terms of leadership. And then the last thing I'd say is that our early-stage business is a smaller business. I mean we're still able to compete. We have the ability to compete effectively in that business, but it's not the size or the magnitude of the other two businesses. We do expect strong growth in that business but at a scale that's smaller than the first two businesses.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So that's a good question. And the growth rate is still off a relatively small base. So if you look at fully decentralized clinical trials is still in the single-digits in terms of the total trials that we have going right now. But as you look at new trial RFPs, most of them actually includes some component that is virtual or hybrid. So we believe that over time, you're going to continue to see that percent increase, albeit for last year and this year, it's not a very significant amount of the total trials that we're running. I would say, more take a look at the five-year outlook, and then it starts to become more significant in terms of the total mix of trials that you have ongoing, particularly if you're looking for fully decentralized clinical trials.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Good morning. Tycho. First thing I'd say is that when you look at the Drug Development business, we're going to provide additional insights in the second quarter, I think, it would be helpful because you have to look at the mix of the business when you try to compare across different CROs. Our mix of business is different than most because we have a very big central laboratory business. And the central laboratory in general isn't as fast growth as the later-stage clinical trials with an earlier stage. So it's a little bit hard to make those comparisons. When we break apart our businesses and when we look at our competitors, we believe that the long-term guidance that we're providing is very strong. And we also believe when you look at the guidance we're giving is accelerated versus what we've observed in the past because we believe that we're starting to see the success from some of the investments that we've made in the past. But at the same time, as I said earlier, we continue and we will continue to look at all of our avenues for growth, all of our avenues to meet both shareholder returns, but also the needs of our customers as we move forward, and we're committed to continuing to do that. I don't know Glenn if there's any additional context you provide.
Adam Schechter: Okay. So I want to thank everybody for joining us today and hopefully you can see that our considerable progress last year coupled with what we have in store for 2022 actually lays a great groundwork for promising not only short-term but also long-term growth. And I just want to say none of it will be possible if it wasn't for all of our colleagues around the world. Our 75,000 employees around the world and each of them play a role ensuring our company delivers on our mission to improve health and improve lives. We look forward to continue to have dialog with you. And please continue to be safe and we'll see you soon. Thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Jack, the only thing I'd add to the discussion was just that when you look at the guidance that we provided or the outlook for the longer-term, what you see is obviously good top line growth across the businesses, supplemented by obviously acquisitions from capital allocation, but that we do expect to see margin improvement over this period of time and net margin improvement coming from both businesses. So to your point, helping offset some of the inflationary costs as well as PAMA, at least that's in, call it, 2023 and potentially beyond that. And that it's really also then utilizing our balance sheet and our free cash flow. So we expect to be back within our targeted leverage of that 2.5 times to three times over that period of time. So using that cash flow to support acquisitions that, again, will be targeted at least 2% to 3% and then dividends, and then obviously, with the remainder going back to returning capital through our share repurchase program.
Glenn Eisenberg: I would add just additionally for your modeling purposes, as you would expect, that we expect the strongest period to be in the first quarter and then obviously going on as the year unfolds. But wide range of outcomes, but the trend clearly to be lower, call it, in the second half than what we would expect in the first half at this time.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Hi, Ricky. The reason why, obviously, we chose to do a growth rate off of 2019 was to get to a pre-pandemic level and that we expect that by the end of the, call it, the long-term horizon, COVID will be de minimis into that number. So that was kind of the double-digit growth rate that we would expect at the 11% to 14% CAGR. We did comment because - on revenue, we can go off of a 21% base, because we distinguish between COVID revenue and Base Business revenue. But when we were talking about margins, just to show that we do expect to see margin improvement over the time, we did comment that you would get to roughly around a 14.5% margin in 2021 from the Base Business. And again, the reason why we say that's an estimate is because there's a lot of shared resources that are supporting both the COVID business and the Base Business, but it's a proxy. And if you just took that further down and set as a proxy, that 14.5% on your Base Business margin would get you to roughly, call it, around a $14 a share number from an adjusted EPS from the Base Business. So either you use the base estimate in, call it, 2021 of earnings and growing double-digits or the base of 2019, which is a clean number for our Base Business, you still get to roughly the same trend in that 22% from a base business and beyond. We do expect double-digit growth in each of the periods going forward within that outlook horizon.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, I agree. And Eric, what we did put in the release was that the assets that we're acquiring, the Outreach Labs, would have had year revenue of approximately $150 million and that by putting in the full year annualized revenues, as Adam said, the $550 million to $600 million, that, that $150 million, we're taking on some compression with it but then growth from it as well. Would size up what we got within the outreach business versus the strategic partnership of managing the in-hospital labs being the difference.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Eric, what I would say is, again, with the revenues that we're picking up, to your point, there is compression. Again, that comes with the outreach labs that we have, and that's reflected and we said approximately $150 million. But it will be compressed and then we'll grow. So it does give you at least an indication of the mix, if you will. From a pricing, again, similarly, we expect to have normal, call it, pricing kind of margins that would come with the outreach. But with the in-hospital labs, to your point, they are at a lower price point. So when you look at the mix impact, and Adam commented in his remarks, that strategic partnership of this size with that much going from the in-hospital lab management, you would expect to see lower than, obviously, segment margins. But the positive is that once we start there the first year and we see that margin compression, we expect to then see that grow and improve through efficiencies and productivity and so forth. So dilutive to margins for sure. Obviously, it's a transaction that we think from a return standpoint is very attractive. Excited about the strategic partnership, excited about the potential additional growth that could occur with that partnership over time. That will continue to drive good returns for the company and margins that will improve over time.
Glenn Eisenberg: So first, to your point, the growth rate is a little bit higher than our historical organic growth within the business. But a lot of that is with the investments that we've made and the growth and the focus of the strategic growth, such as the hospital systems and so forth, where we continue to find opportunities to see additional growth. Those CAGRs, if you will, are based upon 2021, which again would not have been, call it, a fully recovered year. So we get some of the benefits of that growth. The recent acquisitions that we've done that have been already, call it, in the base, so not new acquisitions but ones that have done, not necessarily have been fully annualized. We continue to get some additional growth from that. The fact that our expectation for PAMA that in the outlook period's less impactful than what it had been historically for us continues that. And just the overall efficiencies, LaunchPad that supports the topline growth as well. So we think we're on a good cadence and good momentum to be able to hit those numbers over the planning horizon.
Glenn Eisenberg: The only thing I'd add is that when you look at the components of the businesses, to your point, early development and the late-stage clinical businesses have historically are higher-growth businesses than the Central Lab business. And so we've made a lot of investments in capacity to continue to be able to fuel that growth in those two areas in particular. The acquisitions that we've done, whether it's Toxicon, GlobalCare, snapIOT have been targeted in the higher-growth areas within ED and Central Lab or in late stage rather. So just the mix of our business continues to be more weighted towards the faster-growing parts that we've made. So overall, we've always said kind of mid- to high single-digits was kind of the aspirational growth. We've made a lot of investments that the long-term growth rate targets that we have are reinforcing that what we've been doing should enable us to get into that range.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, I think when you say you run differently, I think the point that we've made a lot of investments, again, targeted organically and our oncology focus within the business, really, we believe that over time, those organic investments plus, if you will, the PGDx, the Toxikon, the other acquisitions that we have will continue to help fuel the growth in our faster-growing parts of our business.
