David King: Thank you, Clarissa, and good morning. I'll begin by discussing financial highlights of the first quarter. We are off to a very strong start in 2019 with first quarter revenue of $2.8 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.62. Our results were driven by strong underlying performance and organic revenue growth across both businesses and with the result of solid execution of our three foundational strategies; delivering world-class diagnostics, bringing new medicines to patients faster, and using technology to change the way care is delivered. Our Diagnostics business grew organically during the quarter in both revenue and volume despite additional price reductions due to PAMA and the loss of exclusivity in two of our largest managed care contracts.
David King: Yes. Obviously, the impact of PAMA is significant and it's more significant on smaller lab providers than on us. But -- and there is a very robust pipeline, Lisa, of potential acquisitions that we continue to look at. We evaluate every acquisition based on strategic fit and our stated financial criteria. And so, as you saw in the quarter, we mentioned MNG, we mentioned RCRI, we mentioned the investment in OmniSeq, we mentioned Envigo. So we allocate capital where the best strategic fit is and where we see that the best opportunity to meet our stated financial criteria. The only other comment I would make on PAMA, which I think it's important to underline is, PAMA is -- regardless of how you feel about consolidation, PAMA overall is not a good thing for the lab industry or for patients. We know that the largest nursing home lab provider filed for bankruptcy. That's now going to be an unserved population and the impact on smaller labs and even on us in terms of continued cuts, access points and services is not going to be a positive for Medicare beneficiaries. So even as we talk about the potential positives, we also have to remember that there are significant negatives to PAMA beyond just reductions in our price.
David King: Yes. I don't know what Quest talked about and then what we talked about. I agree with you, I think, Glenn gave you the number was a net impact of 70 basis points. We were very pleased with the retention of the United business and our team, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, did an absolutely outstanding job in getting in front of our customers and continuing to demonstrate the value that LabCorp brings to retain that business. We are very pleased with the retention of the Horizon business and our team particularly in the Northeast division again an outstanding job from top to bottom everybody in that division in retaining the business. And the Aetna growth was strong and actually has continued to increase throughout the quarter. So it's hard for me to hypothesize about where the volumes are coming from. But I would say, we are very pleased with where we are and particularly with the fact that we exited the quarter with a situation stable and with the overall broad-based organic growth in areas like women's health, infectious disease, genetics, oncology. So from our perspective, in Diagnostics, just a very strong quarter in terms of demand, which we're pleased about.
David King: Well, the preferred lab network is initiating obviously in the middle of the year and so the likelihood that there'll be any significant impact in year I think is minimal and we haven't built anything into volumes or guidance that would anticipate a significant impact there. I think as we go through with the managed care selling cycle, this summer and fall and as we see the implementation on January 1st, Jack, lot of it's going to depend on how the preferred lab network is tied into benefit design, what are the out-of-network benefits, what are the benefits for employers of pushing their employees in the preferred lab network, but if benefit design and the preferred lab network are well tied together, in the long-term, it's a significant opportunity for us.
David King: Yes. I think in terms of the LaunchPad, we have an objective of $150 million over the three years. We're well on our way into that. We don't break that out by year, but obviously our margins are off. I know in terms of you mentioned on the lower pass-throughs, I invite you to do the math, even if you had $30 million more in revenue, you'd still be up 250 basis points. If you had $60 million more in revenue, you'd be up 220 basis points, but our mind is that margins are up, we expect margins to be up for the full year; Envigo will wait us up and in terms of profitability and then finally, long term, we're looking to be at peer level margins.
David King: Yes, Ross, it's Dave. There was a slight benefit in the quarter from the direct-to-consumer genomics business. We continue to forecast for the full year, it will be flat to slightly down and so we don't anticipate that there will be a significant benefit to organic growth throughout the year.
David King: Erin, it's Dave. There was no price adjustment in terms of the United preferred lab networks. So the price that we have at United and has negotiated as part of the contract renewal remain the same. There is no further price adjustment. In terms of the progression of organic volume, I don't expect there to be any significant change in that progression. I think that as we said, we came out of the quarter in terms of United and Horizon stable. We actually started again to see some growth at the end of the quarter and Aetna and so I think what you've seen in the first quarter is probably pretty representative of what you'll see during the year.
David King: Yes, good morning, Ricky. As, I said I don't know what our competitors said. I just know what the numbers tell me and what the numbers tell me is we monitor the United, Horizon, Aetna makes sessions every single day all across the country and we see the progression based on where we were last year on a normalized basis to account for seasonality and holidays. What we saw exactly is we projected was that the major drop-off in the contracts that we're opening came in January -- in early January, and then by the time we came out of January to February and March, we were at a very stable run rate. In terms Aetna, we probably started a little more slowly than I would have liked, but that volume progressed over the quarter and we saw a nice increasing trend throughout. So I'm just looking at numbers and trends and that's what gives me confidence for where we are and where I think will be for the balance of the year.
David King: Yes. So we don't think about closing patient service centers as part of opening the Walgreens locations. Again, we look at our patient service center network based on demand, so how many people are showing up based on wait times, based on staffing and I would say that there may be some patient service centers that closed in some areas based on part of our Walgreens strategy is looking at an isolated geographic area and saying you know do we do better when we move volume for standalone PSCs into Walgreens. But as a general proposition, think about this as 125 more access points rather than swapping them out. In terms of cost savings, even if we close all the -- even if the close 125 standalones and move them to Walgreens, there's no cost savings there, it is basically just the cost swap. So that you shouldn't consider cost savings to be part of the equation on either side.
David King: Yes. Patrick, I agree with you. I think it was a transitory event that we saw in kind of October, November last year. We actually saw a pickup in December and continued stability throughout the quarter.
David King: Sure. Obviously, the big commercial deals are essentially completed. And I would say, yes, the pricing environment on commercial contracts is generally stable. Again, as we remind our commercial partners demand for reduced pricing are a double-edged sword because although there are price reductions for them, then that's going to roll through into the next data collection for PAMA, which obviously we're in the process of trying to delay, but this is going to roll through into the next data collection. And in the long run, as I mentioned before, more price cuts across the board lead you reduced access for patients and Medicare beneficiaries. So I think we're -- I think the price -- the commercial pricing environment is stable and we're very comfortable with where we are coming out in the contract discussions.
David King: Sure, Bill. This is obviously a topic that we're discussing with Walgreens. I don't want to spend a lot of time on it because it's in the genesis, but the idea is the ability of our two companies to combine prescription data, laboratory data, global data, mobile site locations, particularly their significant overseas network all to facilitate the things that we've talked about in terms of improving trial performance, which is speed, quality and reduce costs. So, conceptionally, this is something that we think that there is substantial opportunity on given our combined global size and scale, but it's early stages in terms of the discussions.
David King: We think we're in good shape based on that. If you look at the end-to-end capability of what we've now put together PMI has preclinical. The Chiltern capabilities has the core of the later stage, you want to call it, device CRO. We added to that RCRI with respect to the regulatory consulting side as well as that core device capability, and then finally, we had an Covance, the legacy Covance, strong therapeutic expertise; cardiovascular, is an example; putting that all together really strengthened our hand and now has that end-to-end capability that is unmatched in the industry.
David King: Morning, Matt -- Dan, this is Dave . So Pixel is a screening and a wellness tool, and over time, our goal is to expand the test menu and to have the potential with collaborators to reach patients in the home. I think in the long run, it's going to be an important tool especially when you think about, for example, our hospital partners that are at risk, an increase in their houses departments that are taking risk for some sort of the patient population -- some set of the patient population or our health plan partners that have their own managed care plans. And as a result, we are going to be acutely aware of the needs and the conditions of home-bound patients. So again, we're playing the long game with Pixel and with how we reach basis in the home, but we think a very important part of our strategy, which we refer to the opening comments about meeting the patients where they want and where they need to be served.
David King: I think you have to dial back in, there is a lot of static on the line, we'll take your question, but you may want to try just disconnecting and dial back in.
David King: Yes. I want to comment, we are at the top of the hour. We have four -- three people in the queue plus in fairness, we have let Don back if he dials back, so if your question has been answer, please try and keep it short.
David King: Yes. We said last quarter when we gave the guidance, our estimate for PAMA is all in and it includes the impact of the fee-for-service and managed Medicaid plans as well as whatever impact there is on from Medicare Advantage. So the impact that we have identified in the call out is the all-in impact both in terms of impact on revenue and those -- and the dollar amount.
David King: Yes. So the changes that were made in the SUPPORT Act last year, we continue to believe were misguided and unintentional on Covance's part as I understand that there were some floor language that was adopted that was aimed at what was perceived to be abusive tactics by some testing related to toxicology and pain management. We have been working with the legislative leadership in the Department of Justice. There has been legislative amendment language submitted to the congressional committees of jurisdiction and is being evaluated by the Department of Justice to make sure that the fix that would address the over-inclusiveness of the language that was at would be acceptable to DOJ as well as to legislator's part. So we continue to be optimistic that we're going to get this resolve, Ralph, and we don't have a good estimate on the timing.
David King: Thank you very much. We appreciate your joining us for the call this morning. I want to reemphasize how proud I am of the effort on both of our businesses this quarter, and in a challenging environment. I'm pleased and extremely proud of the performance of our 61,000 people around the world. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Lisa. We have in May, obviously the enterprise, but obviously also in Covance's guidance range of total revenue growth of 5% to 9% includes what we expect to be roughly half year's worth of the Envigo's revenues and similarly in the earnings -- EPS guidance range, if you will. The benefits of the accretion is there. As you know, as we've talked about earlier when we first established our guidance that we expected to use the $1 billion at the midpoint of our expected free cash flow guidance to be used for a combination of share repurchases and acquisitions, with no debt looking to be paid down under that scenario. So we have factored in M&A, obviously, in the case of Envigo, we have been working on it well in advance of providing our guidance for the full year when we gave it initially, so the benefit of that was reflected as is our other capital allocation, which included the share repurchases and tuck-ins that we did in the first quarter, as well as still an additional, call it, $350 million plus of additional capital allocation still to be realized through the remainder of the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Dan, you're right. You just took the expected or half a year's worth of the Covance 2018 pro forma, Envigo I guess around $80 million of revenues rounded, which would be around 1.9% growth. So the issue that you're having is we're providing a range, so we're going to be benefiting from the M&A that we have done in Covance including Envigo, we're going to benefit in the underlying organic growth of our business and then the headwind, if you will, you have currency as well as some of the pass-through that occurred in the first quarter, but still strong underlying organic growth in the business added by acquisitions and then the headwinds that we talked about.
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I think it's, Dan, that, as Dave commented in his remarks, we performed well across both businesses. We did better frankly on the managed care side than we expected in the original guidance early that we had. So the reflection of the improvement in our earnings guidance range is really a reflection of that we did well in the first quarter and that our outlook for the remainder of the year remains unchanged.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Stephen, this is Glenn. Let me take the first cut. Couple of things, one, the market multiple is comparable to deals in the drug development space. Obviously, we provided revenues and we provided obviously the net purchase price on the combined transaction, but John also noted that the business has very strong margins, stronger than or higher than what we have in our early development or our total segment basis from a even earnings multiple standpoint, you would see that came up very much in line. The accretion we would agree as well. We talked about that. This deal meets our financial criteria. So it will be accretive to our earnings this year. It is reflected in the guidance as is all the $1 billion that we said that we would deploy our free cash flow at the midpoint, we expect all that $1 billion to be accretive. So that was obviously already into the guidance that we had already. And the financing of it, I think was the last part of your question, was at this stage, we will use cash on hand and bank debt as we generate obviously the bulk of our free cash flow later in the year. So obviously will have the cash that would enable us to pay down any of the debt that we would use to finance the transaction. In total, the net transaction is $595 million, that will be cash. So $595 million arguably of the free cash flow in addition to, call it, $150-ish million that we did in the first quarter, still leaves some additional free cash flow for the rest of the year for continued capital deployment.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn. I'll take the first cut. The impact of the pass-throughs were included in last year's numbers when we adopted the new accounting, standards ASC 606, we put full retrospective method so that we have it in prior periods for comparative purposes, so they are included. With regard to the EBITDA of Envigo, the only thing we would share with you at this time is that, again, we expect to close kind of mid-year in that the adjusted operating income and margins but would also claim the EBITDA will be greater than the margins of the segment. So to give you some perspective the are pretty attractive margins and obviously upon closure, you'll start to see the benefit of that margin as John alluded to earlier reflected in the segment margins.
John Ratliff: Sure, this is John. And I'll take that. They overlap is minimal in terms of the customer side. They're much more concentrated on the biotech and even though my early development area has great percentage of that as well. If you look at the customer side, not a lot of overlap. We actually look at that as a positive in the sense that they have a level of capacity and we are tight on capacity. So we look at more of the revenue upside. I know you mentioned cross-sell, but at the same time there's cross-selling opportunities, there is also capacity upticks. Their margin is higher than the Covance margins and higher than the early development, because of the way that we did the deal, we did not take on any of the corporate overheads, quote unquote. And so profitability wise, it will be a profitable area for the early development, and Glenn gave you in terms of the revenues for the full year. So obviously gives you a feel for the guidance for our half-year.
John Ratliff: This is John, Jack. And so the health of the funding environment still strong, health of biotech environment still strong, no measurable difference in the cancellations, and if you look, I know we ticked down a bit in terms of the 1.26, the 1.24, I said to look at things 80% have full, we do lose a strong comparative last year when you're looking at the last 12 months. In terms of certain bookings did rotate out of the quarter in terms of into the second but that's kind of a normal phenomenon. We look to win more and booking is still very healthy environment and healthy across all of our areas, early development, our labs and the clinical. So still positive about the environment.
John Ratliff: The RFP flow was good in all the segments and in terms of kind of a nice record levels in terms of early development, but upticks in clinical, nice strong on RFP flow on the lab side. We're not publishing the quarterly, but if you look 1.26 on the last 12 months, 1.24 in terms of this quarter, you can see that that's in line and that strength was across the different business segments.
