David P. King: Well I'll start with the check-in tool. So a couple of things on that. One is that the database of patients who have opted in to be contacted continues to grow. I think more important, after consideration and review of how we engage with patients, we have a significant opportunity to engage with patients through the collection of email addresses at self check-in, the billing process, so we have a very, very large base of email addresses. And we will be using those as well to communicate with patients about their interest in trial opportunities and to solicit their consent for opt-in. So the number of patients who are coming and checking is just a subset of the people that we'll be communicating with about how can they opt into trials. And we're actually enthused about that opportunity for a lot of reasons, not only because, look, trial criteria tend to be quite narrow and it's not – even patients who are interested are not always eligible, but when you think about the number of patients who come and see us and whose email addresses we collect and who pay our bills, we have a enormous opportunity to capitalize on what we've talked about as sort of next generation trials, so virtual trials, virtual control alarms, observational studies, our market access business, all simply through the LabCorp data that we have and the ability to communicate with those customers on behalf of Covance. So that's where we are on the opt-in on the database and we continue to see very strong progress there. And I'll turn it over to John in terms of the impact of data on the bookings.
David P. King: Good morning, Lisa. So both the United contract and the Aetna contract contained value based care initiatives and some value based care commitments. And without going into an enormous amount of detail, suffice it to say there is opportunity for us in revenue if we can redirect work away from higher cost providers. I will say the reality is we cannot do that ourselves. There are many reasons why lab work goes to higher cost providers. Many health systems are very insistent the doctors send their work to their own captive laboratories. They do things like telling us that we can't have an interface to return results electronically, so everything has to go back on fax, which is inconvenient for the doctor in terms of putting that information into the medical record. So there are structural obstacles, but there are things that we and our managed care partners are working on, including things like benefit design to redirect work from out of network to in network laboratories and other initiatives that will help support our benefiting from value based care initiatives. In terms of the overall market and market opportunity for large nationals versus regionals and health systems, it's still a highly fragmented market. We have a strong competitive position, which is founded on convenience, quality, service and cost effectiveness. And we continue to build out that infrastructure with initiatives like the LabCorp-Walgreens, the home testing and other ways in which we engage with and reach the consumer where the consumer wants to be met. So we feel that we're extremely well positioned in the market competitively and we're going to continue to work on ways that we can not only provide value to the health system and provide value to the physician, but gain the identification with the consumer as a trusted provider of more than numbers on a piece of paper but a trusted provider of knowledge about my health condition and how I can manage it better.
David P. King: I think if you look at performance, the market clearly sees differentiation. That's why we are gaining organic volume. That's why we're moving forward with key initiatives. That's why we're leading in innovation. I think if you compare the tools that are being offered to the patient, our tools are measurably better. They're measurably more convenient. And if you look at the population health tools that we're offering to health systems and physicians and the kinds of collaboration that we're doing, we see ourselves as differentiated. And my view is the market is telling us the same thing.
David P. King: Well, look, I never say that we're gaining share because it's so difficult to determine and I just don't think there's a reliable measure for it. Our organic volume speaks for itself. It was very strong in the quarter again. It was strong across all lines of testing and all areas of testing and so the market is telling us what the market is telling us and I leave it to others to interpret what that means. Again, Lisa, I appreciate the detail or the persistence on the topic but one of the important things to remember as you think about 2019 is we are the network that is opening to our competitor, which is United, has more covered lives than the network that's opening to us which is Aetna. So the impact, invariably, is we will lose more with United than we will gain with Aetna, and that will have an impact on revenue and profitability for us. So all of the positives are there and the market is telling us that positives are working. But when you think about 2019, you have to realize that the numbers say what they say, which is we'll bear a greater burden in terms of share loss than our competitor will just because of covered lives in the contracts.
David P. King: And it's Dave. Just to add a little color to that. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, two major things we talked about are significant accomplishments, but the awards won't start to ramp until next year. So you will see those in future awards. You're not seeing them now. The other thing is, to Eric's point, when you think about a trailing 12, obviously, it's not just the current quarter that has the impact. If a strong earlier quarter falls off and you have a less strong current quarter, you're going to see a kind of a double whammy in terms of a trailing 12. So I think it's important to recognize that it's not all a one quarter impact when you're looking at the trailing 12-month number.
David P. King: Absolutely. We have a terrific collaboration with 23andMe. We think of them as important strategic collaborators. We spend a lot of time with them talking about, just as we do with our other partners, about other things that we can do together. And they continue to be a nice component of our organic growth, but also a thought partner for what we do with data how we better engage consumers how we build that brand association.
David P. King: Yeah, I think – it's Dave. And obviously, we continue to expand the footprint. We will be opening more stores and entering new locations throughout this year. We see the Walgreens partnership as a valuable new channel for reaching consumers. And we have collected quite a bit of data showing that not only are these – are many of these patients new to LabCorp, but there are also patients who don't typically shop at Walgreens. We also have data showing that many of the patients are filling a prescription at the same time they're getting their lab work done. So the theses on which we went into this which is we want to be in retail, we want to create engagement with the consumer and we want to be in a health care environment are all valid. In terms of integration of capabilities with Covance, I think, I mentioned that earlier in the comments with response to Jack's question. But the creation of large databases of patients, knowing their disease condition and what drugs they're taking is very valuable in terms of virtual trials. It also can be valuable in terms of virtual controls arms for trials where patients are following one course of treatment as opposed to being in the trial course of treatment. There's a substantial amount of opportunity to benefit both the enterprise and the individual businesses from Walgreens. And we have continuing and in-depth and extensive conversations with them about what our key priorities are and how we can accelerate.
David P. King: Yeah, it's Dave. So I think you broke up a little bit but I think your question was revenue per requisition. And so let me start by saying that the PAMA impact on revenue per acquisition more than accounted for the total decline. Okay, so if we take PAMA out, revenue per acquisition would have been up. The other factors that have an impact on revenue per requisition are acquisitions, obviously; test mix, and inside the test mix, as we have said a number of times, 23andMe is a highly valuable strategic collaboration for us. It is at a lower price point than our average price point and therefore it mixes us down even though it contributes to volume. So I will say also that pricing on the managed care front from our perspective is stable. We're not seeing pricing headwinds for managed care. And obviously, the pricing impact of United and Aetna, which we've talked about previously, wouldn't take effect until the first of next year so that would not have any impact on price. So to recap, and then I'll ask Glenn if any further comments, but to recap, if you back PAMA out of the equation, price would have been up.
David P. King: Sure. So the M&A pipeline is robust and healthy and there are a number of interesting opportunities. Obviously, we evaluate every opportunity based on our key metrics which are accretion, recovering our cost of capital within three years, return on invested capital, strategic fit, so all of the factors that we have enumerated before. In terms of hospitals and health systems, we take the view that we are interested in broad strategic partnerships with key anchor systems, so Providence St. Joseph, Novant, Mount Sinai PAML. These are deals that take time to materialize but they're more than just we take over a lab and manage the laboratory. There are deals that include data, they include pathology, they include reference testing, they include a whole range of services. And we have a significant number of health system opportunities on the table in front of us but again, it's difficult to predict what the timing is. I will say I think there – earlier in the year, as we commented on the first quarter call, there was some – yeah, everybody was trying to getting used to the impact of PAMA and what was it going to mean. And I think we're seeing that people are seeing the consequences and they are thinking about what their strategic options might be with their lab assets.
David P. King: Thanks, Ralph. So even though we're getting close to the top of the hour, I do want to spend a couple of minutes on this because I think it's created some uncertainty across the industry, which I don't think is merited. So, first of all, I think it's important that we distinguish between volume and revenue. So policy changes and denials do not affect volume, they affect revenue. Now I could say with respect to all three of those test categories: hepatitis C, vitamin D and medical drug monitoring, that our volume for each of those three categories of tests was up in the quarter, and medical drug monitoring was up substantially in the quarter. So that's volume. Now, revenue, we are seeing, as we have seen for years, more and more limited coverage policies, restrictive payment policies, preauthorization policies implemented by payers in an effort to control their lab spend. We don't agree with those policies. Many of those policies, particularly in medical drug monitoring, are aimed at curbing fraud and abuse but they are using blunt instruments that affect compliant players like us and Quest just as much as they affect the non-compliant players. So we are seeing more denials and those denials affect revenue and so they slow revenue growth. And obviously, they also have an impact on write-offs and bad debt. But we did not see volume declines in any of those areas, and in fact, we saw volume increases in all three. I will say specifically with a comment on hepatitis C genotyping, yes, we did see a decline in hepatitis C genotyping, but hepatitis C genotyping is a very small fraction of our total hepatitis C portfolio and is not something that would have a significant impact on our volume overall. And to recapitulate, total hepatitis C volume was up in the quarter in any event. So I hope that helps in terms of verification, Ralph, with how we saw those tests performing.
David P. King: The only gating factor is store selection and build-out, and we are far down the road in the process of talking about a significant expansion of the partnership.
David P. King: Kevin, good morning. We did not quantify how much came from 23andMe. I would say, obviously, it's a strong contributor. Quarter-over-quarter, it was less of a contributor to organic growth than the prior quarter. So, sequentially, it was less meaningful to the organic growth than 1Q.
David P. King: Sure. One of the structural obstacles is plans that have an out-of-network benefit. So if I'm an employer and I have a plan that pays 50% of billed charges or 70% of usual and customary for out-of-network and you have non-compliant behavior by out-of-network labs where they're willing to write off patient responsibility, they can do pretty well at 50% of billed charges and writing off the balance. And until we have changes in benefit design, there is really nothing that we or Quest or anybody else can do to bring that work into the network. So this is not something that's going to happen overnight, Bill. It's a great question and it's going to require a sustained effort on the part of the managed care industry, employers and healthcare providers to encourage compliant behavior and to encourage benefit design and structural setups that reward patients for bringing their work into the network.
David P. King: I think that's a question better directed to 23andMe than it is us, it's not our position to kind of comment on their volume trends.
David P. King: So as we said at the time of the renewal, we were very pleased with the pricing of both. And as we also said, we had discussed during the negotiations that if the United contract opened up that we would expect a price increase, and we said we were very pleased with the outcome of the discussion. So I'll leave you to draw the inference. I'll leave you to draw your own conclusions from that. With respect to how we see the impact next year, the impact will be lost volume and that will be the revenue and the profitability impact. We're not factoring price as a contributor to how we balance out the United loss versus the Aetna gain.
David P. King: I think you and I maybe were the only ones around in 2007, Ricky, so we have the only memories. So first of all let me just say 2007, different situation because we were both in network with United prior to the change in January of 2007. So in 4Q of 2006, LabCorp was a network. Quest was a network, but United has made the announcement in October that the contract would be switching over. We saw a very significant movement of volume in the fourth quarter of 2006 leading into the first quarter of 2007. So the impact was pretty substantial in 4Q 2006, pretty substantial in 1Q 2007 and then it tapered off. This time our competitor is not in the network in 4Q of 2018. So consequently, we don't expect volume to shift in 4Q of 2018, because if it does shift, what will happen is, first of all, United will see an increase because of the out-of-network rates. Second of all, patients will see an increase in patient responsibility, so that would put the patient in the middle and that's obviously not, I think, anybody's goal here. So we don't expect significant movement in the fourth quarter of 2018, which means that what's going to move will probably largely move in the first quarter of 2019 and then somewhat in the second quarter, but we certainly expect the bulk of the impact to be in the first half of 2019.
David P. King: Well, again, we're very pleased with the performance of the quarter. Very appreciative again to our colleagues of the outstanding performance in our ransomware situation and appreciate you joining us for the call this morning. Wish you good day.
John D. Ratliff: As the integration into Drug Development has matured, we're looking at that data capability as really an important factor necessary to be successful. We've now exceeded $1 billion in awards where our data capabilities have facilitated the selection of Covance. We expect to exceed the cumulative revenue of $150 million through 2018, higher than our initial estimate tied to the acquisition. We now have demonstrated, as we did even on the Investor and Analyst Day, case studies that showcase the realtime demonstrations of the really actionable nature of these unique assets. I'm sure we'll get into the bookings of the quarter, but clearly, the strategic partnerships and, as Dave even noted, the clinical partnership was enabled through our data capabilities in the clinical space to a top 40 sponsor. And then finally in terms of data, we've been able to demonstrate through our central lab data on how we have compared to the industry on the timing of oncology studies as an example, where we finished our oncology studies anywhere from three to five months earlier than our competition. So clearly, data and our capability there is facilitating a winning environment for Covance.
John D. Ratliff: Yeah. We have this high-single digit growth on the organic side, Eric, in terms of the CRO, and are on track to have that on the full year with respect to the legacy "Covance."
John D. Ratliff: We had, with respect to the pipeline, very strong pipeline of opportunities. We still see that. It's actually the highest level that I've seen since my time at Covance in the central labs in early development; and even the clinical side is up versus last quarter. As Dave talked about, the competition, strategic partnerships, the dual source award with top 40 biopharma sponsor was really in part due to our data capabilities on the clinical side, selecting in the early development. He also chatted a little bit about the primary provider that we were selected as with current top 10 pharma where we should double the awards over time. And then, finally, we then had and agreed to extension of the sole source central lab award with the top 10 pharma sponsors. That actually took an award that we had from three years with an optional two, to five years with an optional two. Seven-year sole source deals are a beautiful thing. It's probably (39:15) anyone, but we're seeing no bookings from those partnerships now ramp over the next year, plus some bookings did shift from Q2 to Q3. That's not uncommon. That's why we focus on really the trailing 12-month period. And speaking from about 15 years of experience in this piece of the business, 1.24 times on a ASC 605 basis or 1.22 times on a ASC 606 basis trailing 12 months, especially when you have an early development business, is a strong result. So in terms of the clarity on the book-to-bills and hopefully between what I stated as well as what's in the 8-K that you can get to the math on what you're trying to get to.
John D. Ratliff: Yeah, I'm positive. I like my business. I like my industry. The industry in general based on the FDA approvals, based on the biotech funding, based on our now with Chiltern acquisition, participating in that segment, all those are positives in my evaluation. And I know that there is some debate on internal versus external. I've seen that over a decade here in terms of the ins and outs, but bottom line is we're seeing penetration to the CRO business increasing. And there is plenty of surveys out there to demonstrate that.
John D. Ratliff: From the standpoint of the performance, it was pretty consistent across businesses. Early development had level of strength. And then on the clinical and central lab side, we saw clearly some level of shifting from a Q2 to a Q3. Not uncommon, but did happen within those segments.
John D. Ratliff: It is. But at the same time, we're on a contract basis. So when we get these big strategic partnerships, we're not taking those into bookings until the program underneath that partnership actually gets transacted in a contract. So you'll see that through time. You'll see that in terms of moving to startup and then into full recruitment.
John D. Ratliff: Sure. We feel good with our positions with respect to the FSP, the real-world evidence, the biotech late stage areas. The Chiltern acquisition, we did move up. We are in the very, very final stages of that integration. Organization's done, leaderships picked, best of the best, that all has actually happened. We have now intertwined the organization with respect to processes, et cetera. The only thing truly, the long poles in the tent, if you want to call it that, or system integrations that actually are flowing through now, July/August. So we see that as materially complete. That has added real strength in terms of the FSP areas. We had significant monitoring skill on the legacy Covance clinical. And now with the biometrics skill of the Chiltern organization, that now allows us to go to the enterprise and bid on the enterprise and in fact involve in terms of with those opportunities now through the second half. Clearly, on the biotech stage that has enhanced our capabilities. Ever since I've been here, Covance has ticked up from the high-teens in terms of the 16% to kind of 18% levels to now 30% of our revenue is from the biotech area. So real strength there that came from the Chiltern acquisition. Obviously, on the data side, we talked a bit about that earlier, building out that post-marketing real-world evidence areas. We believe in our data solution and that strengthened our later stage capabilities, so a little bit about our position.
John D. Ratliff: This is John. In terms of we are seeing pull-through. We are seeing pull-through in terms of from the tox business, the BioA business into our clin pharm [clinical pharmacology] Phase I areas. That's what we're actually tracking. We have seen that increase. Well, we are and have put in place a organization to actually move that from the early development stage into the Phase I clin pharm areas and then move that then up into the II, III, IV. Obviously, in terms of there is some falloff in terms of – this is clinical research, products do get rejected in that early development stage. But we have a group now of scientists that actually do a level of due diligence in terms of the early development on how that should then be pushed into either our BioA CMC areas or clin pharm areas, and we are seeing upticks in terms of those businesses. It is a clear differentiator. We are the only CRO that actually does all three.
John D. Ratliff: It's truly, Max, it would be in the clinical late stage, but it was more so because of an uptick in the pass-through investigator fees, a little bit offset by currency, but it would be in that clinical stage, but it was much more so in that pass-through, investigator fees.
Eric W. Coldwell: Hey, thanks very much. First one is, I was just hoping I could get the CROs true growth, the organic constant currency growth? Or maybe stated differently, if you can give us the M&A contribution, because I think we already have FX.
Eric W. Coldwell: Okay. And then on the book-to-bill, realize there is a big FX adjustment in here. Can you talk about what the book-to-bill would have been on a constant currency basis? And also I know in your 8-K you talk about the ASC 605 book-to-bill on a trailing 12-month basis. I don't think we have all of the pieces to pull together what the – or not book-to-bill, but what the trailing 12-month is. I don't think we can do the quarter because we don't have ASC 605 basis revenue, but I was hoping you could give that to us as well.
Eric W. Coldwell: Yeah, it truly sounds encouraging. I mean, you guys sound upbeat in your prepared remarks as well as here and you've given us a lot of good anecdotes about future awards, but just when you go from a 1.34 to 1.24 times...
Eric W. Coldwell: Yeah, I really appreciate all the comments. I guess my point is, what I'm trying to get to is, the quarter itself was a weak quarter for bookings it looks like. Some of that was currency adjustment, which we appreciate. We factored that in. But when your trailing 12-month book-to-bill goes from a 1.34 to a 1.24 times, that's a 0.4 times impact from the quarter alone compared to the trailing 12-month average the prior quarter. So I just want to know what was weak this quarter. I can fully appreciate the comments on what's going to drive the future.
