Adam Schechter: So a few things. If you look at the business in general for our Drug Development, we had a good quarter despite some of the headwinds that we knew were occurring. So back in February, you may recall, we discussed that we expected the first quarter to be the toughest because we already have seen some impact from Omicron, and we saw it in both our Drug Development and our Diagnostics business. But the good news is that each month of the quarter got progressively better for both of the businesses. And the interesting thing is if you look at the impact, it impacted parts of our business differently. So for example, our CTTS or our central laboratory business was the most impacted by Omicron, and we saw it there first. And then for Drug Development, we saw -- for Diagnostics, we saw the impact, obviously, in the United States where our business is and that went away very quickly. After January, we saw the Base Business and Diagnostics bounce back very fast. Drug Development, CTTS, was a little bit different because it's a global business, and we saw continued impact from Omicron in parts of Europe. And then as we got to the end of the quarter, we saw some due to Ukraine. As we look at the rest of the year, we're confident because as we looked at March, we saw strength versus January. We saw strength in March versus February and we're on a good run rate now. We believe that there'll be some continued impact from Ukraine in particular in the second quarter. So the second quarter will be a little bit more difficult in the third and fourth quarter, but we expect to continue to see progress as we go through the year.
Adam Schechter: As I mentioned this before, we saw some of that pressure starting in the beginning of the year. When we were here in February, we mentioned that. But we have a very large CTTS business, central laboratory business, larger than most others. And we saw the largest impact from Omicron in that business. And I'll give you two examples. One is, if you look at our CTTS, central laboratory business, you saw that the growth rate for that business now that we're providing by segment growth rates, was less than the other segments. That's because we had such a strong first quarter of last year. We were prepared with Omicron to do as much central laboratory work as we did in the first quarter of last year this year, because we saw the impact of Omicron in December and January, and we kept as many people as we could prepared in case the boosters caused a huge amount of volume. It did not cause a huge amount of volume as the boosters came out this year. In fact, it was a lot less than what we saw with the initial vaccines in the beginning of last year. And then the second thing is we have a early development business, ED business, and we saw some impact on inflation in that business, particularly as you think about utilities and research and product costs. We're going to offset that with price reduction -- or price increases but also by cost reductions. And as I said at the beginning of the year, the inflationary pressures hit you all at once and it takes you time to LaunchPad to get the cost out. We saw improvements across all the businesses as we went through the quarter, month-over-month. So therefore, we are confident that we're on a good run rate as we're going through the rest of the year.
Adam Schechter: If you look at our business in China, first of all, I want to let all of our employees know that we're thinking of them. We're here to support them and doing everything we can to help them. In fact, we have some employees that are basically living in the laboratories right now so that they can continue to keep the work going while the lockdowns are occurring. We have not seen a significant impact on our business due to the lockdowns at the moment but we're going to continue to monitor that very closely. It has not inhibited our ability to do the studies that we need to do at this point in time, Jack.
Adam Schechter: I'll start with the lab volumes, and then I'll ask Glenn to jump in with regard to some of the quantifications that you asked for. So with regard to Diagnostics, you saw revenue for the quarter was strong. It was about $2.5 billion. The Base Business revenue grew about 5.6% versus last year and then in a compounded rate versus 2019, it grew 3.9%. And if you look at our Base Business volume, it's up about 4.4% versus last year. But I think what's important is if you look at the volume versus 2019, you saw we were about flat. And as you may recall, Ricky, in February, we said that what we saw in January for our Base Business versus 2019 was down 8%. So that tells you the strength that we had in February and March in the Base Business and how we saw it come back so strong, which gives us the confidence. We really didn't see a difference between esoteric -- our non-esoteric business. We didn't see a big geographic change. I mean there are certain breakouts that were happening with Omicron in the northeast of the country for a period of time and then it might have moved to the Southeast. But nothing that I think is important for you know to note. I'd say overall, across esoteric, non-esoteric, across the regions, we've seen a very strong bounce back in our Base Business in February and March. And you see that by the fact that we were flat for the quarter versus 2019 when January was down 8% versus January 2019.
Adam Schechter: So if you look at the supply, there were issues in supply chain, I'd say, for the last six months or so, but we were able to find other ways to meet the demand in those kits, but it didn't mean at times there were higher impact to margins because, for example, if it's not a typical kit, you have to do some additional work to get it approved and sometimes you have to do those manually. So we were doing a lot more kits manually than we typically would, particularly if you have to put a replacement piece in there. But the good news is we were able to keep up with the demand from our pharma customers. We're able to meet their needs, which was important to us. But there certainly was some short-term impact as we're doing a lot more kits manually than we historically would do. And when you do more kits manually, then you put in more quality assurance where you check more of the kits to ensure if they're going out appropriately. So there is some expense that's incurred with that, but it didn't impact our customers. And what I would say, Eric, the most important thing to me is that we saw the progression in the margin month-by-month. We don't provide monthly margins, but we look at it very closely. So it's that, that gives me the confidence that we're on the right track and that we're able to meet the commitments that we've set forth.
Adam Schechter: And having our Diagnostic business where a lot of the tubes and the things that you need are very similar, we're able to use supplies across the businesses when appropriate as well.
Adam Schechter: First of all, I'd say that the RFPs that are coming through are very strong. And if you look at our cancellation rates, they're very low. So we feel very good about the flow of business and the flow of RFPs and the flow of the trials coming. Our trailing 12-month book-to-bill was strong at 1.23. As you may recall, I say that we need to be at 1.20 or slightly higher and we remain at that number. And then if you look at our backlog, we have $15.2 billion, which was almost a 9% increase versus the prior year. Our net orders were $7.2 billion. If you look across the businesses, the breakdown by customer type is a little bit different. So for example, in early development, we have more biotech and smaller to midsized biotech than we do large pharma. If you look at our CTTS, which is our central lab, or CDCS, which is our clinical business, we tend to have more pharma than we do the small biotechs or the middle-sized biotechs. But I would say across the three businesses, we feel good about the RFPs that we're seeing. We feel good about the backlog that we're seeing. And we're confident that the backlog supports the long-term guidance that we provided.
Adam Schechter: Yes, I expect that to continue, that we'll continue to have a strong book-to-bill that will continue to be above the 1.2 threshold that we anticipate to be. So I feel good about that.
Adam Schechter: So I'll start with the NIPT. It's a very small -- very, very, very small amount of revenue. It's a test that we do for screening and it's utilized in the United States, but it's not very large at all. So we'll continue to make sure that we have the test available, that we are making it available to physicians that are looking to use those tests, but it's not -- there's no impact in terms of our overall total business. With regard to the individual segments, we believe the fastest growth segment in revenue is going to be clinical, the CTTS -- or the CDCS business because we're not necessarily the market leader there and we have the ability to grow fastest there. If you look at the slowest growing business of the three, it will be CTTS because we are the market leader there. We have a large market share in that business. So there's not as much room for growth. And then the ED business is somewhere in between because we're number one to two. And then sometimes ED grows a little bit faster than the CDCS, and it goes back and forth.
Adam Schechter: As we said, for the first quarter, we averaged 70,000 tests per day. And by the end of the quarter, that was down significantly than where it was at the beginning of the quarter. And we expect there's going to continue to be a decline through the year. The reason that we give a range, and we've given a range of down 60% to 70% versus last year, is because there's a whole range of possibilities on how you can get to that range. So one of the possibilities is, as you say, there's a uptick in November around the flu season. But at that point in time, if there's not the emergency declaration, the price might be lower. If the emergency declaration continues, but there's not an uptick in November, the price would be at where it is now. So the bottom line is the 60% to 70% range that we've given has a whole bunch of ways that you can stay within there. My assumption is that the emergency declaration will continue through this year. We'll see if that occurs or not and I think volume will continue to decline throughout the year.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Catherine. So first of all, thank you again for joining us today. I'm really encouraged by our progress and the important work of our more than 75,000 employees around the world. I can tell you they are our greatest asset and we're focused on supporting our employees that are facing additional complexities and difficult situations. We have people in Shanghai, Ukraine, Russia, and we're really making sure that we're thinking about them as they face these complexities. We look forward to speaking with you soon and we appreciate your time today. So thank you.
Glenn Eisenberg: I guess just to follow up a little bit on that, too. So the 8% decline that we saw in January was not compounded. So it was the total decline. But as Adam said, the progression in February and March got us on a compound annual growth rate to be just down to 0.5%, so relatively flat with the expectation as we continue to go through the year. That obviously will become a positive number as we continue to experience the recovery there on a volume basis. So pleased with what we're seeing there. On the Drug Development side, quantifying, call it, the vaccine and the impact of Ukraine were probably the two more meaningful ones that impacted us for the quarter. From a vaccine standpoint, probably around $30 million of headwind from that. And Ukraine probably closer to rounding to around $10 million. So when we think that both of those primarily impacted the CTTS business, obviously affected others as well. But while we were, call it, flat in revenue on a constant currency basis in that business, if you backed out the vaccine related and the Ukraine, we'd be 7% to 8%, call it, organic constant currency growth rate, which would be more in line with what we would have expected the business to do.
Glenn Eisenberg: So we don't break out the margins for the businesses. As you saw in the additional material that we provided, we went out and looked, obviously, at our peers and what's provided and just looking at what additional information. And we felt the revenue breakout by business was important and beneficial because you get to see the magnitude that it is for each of the pieces as well as now tracking the growth profile. From a margin standpoint, our belief, and obviously, our peers that do similarly, look at it on a segment basis because there's so much that are shared assets between the businesses that we feel that providing it as a trend, if you will, on the segment is a more meaningful number. And then as you look at the growth rates of the different pieces, you can kind of get a sense of how we're leveraging overall in the businesses.
Glenn Eisenberg: And obviously, the 11.6% margin, obviously, it's down from where we've been. So when you look at the pieces of it, so the research product is a meaningful part of it. So we're incurring much higher cost for that. And so as Adam commented earlier, from a timing standpoint, we now have to go through change orders. But effectively, we believe that we can pass on those higher costs to the customers and a lot of contracts that's explicit with the research products to do that. So one of the reasons why we're constrained in the quarter was that higher expense without being able to transfer over. We also talked about utility costs. So just general inflationary, but wouldn't diminish as well just the impact from the Ukraine, from the vaccine. And also the first quarter historically has been a lighter quarter relative to how we end the year. And then each quarter, we pick up. So as we commented that first of all, our expectation for the full year continues to be that we'll see margins higher than the prior year. Our expectation, frankly, is that margin should be higher year-on-year beginning in the second quarter and going forward. And what gives us the confidence, and Adam alluded to this earlier, is that when you look at the run rate that we ended in March, even though we still have some of those headwinds passing on some of those costs, we're, frankly, at a margin level that gives us high degree of confidence even for the next quarter, but let alone for the full year that you'll start to see margins back to -- comparable to the prior year would hopefully up a little bit from each of the quarters as we go forward.
Glenn Eisenberg: And Eric, just one last thing on just the supply issue. What we've seen is because we run -- primarily have on a just-in-time inventory level within our CTTS, our central lab business. And obviously, when we started to see the global supply chain issues, it had an impact on us. We've now built up those level of inventories now for three to six months given the -- still the uncertainties of what's going on globally. So we'll carry that higher inventory to obviously make sure we can be focused on meeting the customers' demand and doing it efficiently.
