Glenn Eisenberg: Sure. Good morning, Bill. Overall, needless to say, we feel we had a good quarter from both of our businesses, but in the diagnostics business in particular, the strong growth in organic revenue and volume that Jay commented, as well as obviously our price per requisitions improving nicely as well through the combination of the acquisitions, the tuck-in acquisitions that we’ve done at higher price points, as well as favorable test mix overall. But we continue to leverage well in the business, and you see that reflected in the improvement in our operating margins.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Jack. Overall, as you said, the gross margin excluding the impact of Covance would have been down around 10 basis points. Included in that, you heard earlier the pilot program that we have at Beacon, which Dave commented while it’s a contributor to the revenue that we wouldn’t have had a year ago, in its pilot stage is not contributing to profitability, so that had a, call it a headwind on gross margin, so were it not for that, our gross margin was favorable. Again, most of the pricing, if you will, we’ve talked about was from the benefit of the acquisition mix up, as well as just overall, call it test mix. But overall, we feel we’ve leveraged well. We’ve leveraged the diagnostic segment in excess of 30% on the incremental revenues and saw 60 basis point improvement in our operating margin, so overall we’re getting the benefit of that additional volume as well as our continued productivity improvement and initiative through LaunchPad.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hey Isaac, this is Glenn Eisenberg. On the capex side, as you know, we’re not a very capital intensive company overall, and we continue to manage fairly tightly. We did bring down our guidance for the year based upon the current trend of capital spending that we have, and obviously the level of spending is a function of just projects and opportunities that we see, including our LaunchPad initiative where we are going through some structural investments. But overall, we’ve been tracking around, call it $70 million per quarter, and you might see that go up a little bit in the fourth quarter but still tracking at, call it around our depreciation level. As far as the cash returns, as you know, historically we’ve been a strong supporter of bringing excess cash back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases as opposed to dividends, and obviously given the acquisition of Covance and our higher leverage, we’re focused now on using some of that cash flow to pay down debt. But as the board convenes effectively every quarter, we do talk about our capital allocation, our return of capital back to shareholders. Dividends is part of the discussion, as is share repurchases, and we’ll continue to have those discussions and let you know each quarter what we do with our capital.
Glenn Eisenberg: Amanda, maybe I’ll just add one thing, just relative to this year - and again, won’t comment or we can annualize for next year. But if you just wanted to isolate on Sanofi, you’ll obviously be able to get into our implied guidance in the fourth quarter for Covance overall, which is continued good year-over-year growth in the business. That will be impacted by Sanofi as that contract expired at the end of October, as you know having around, call it a $12 million impact in the fourth quarter, so that will impact the growth rate, if you will, by 1.8%. But obviously, we’ve got a lot of other business that’s coming in to replace that, but our guidance, if you will, for the rest of this year is inclusive with not having that contract for the last two months of the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Zach, this is Glenn. I’ll give you the other ones. Clearly growing esoteric is one of the main strategies of the company with the new tests that we’re developing, and it continues to grow and we’re seeing favorable test mix from that area. It hasn’t quite gotten to, call it the 40% of the company. It’s still kind of an aspirational goal, but it’s moving in the right direction.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn. We continue to focus a lot from our LaunchPad initiative into cycle management and in particular one of the key aspects is the bad debt. We continue to see the rate coming down. We came in on the diagnostic side probably around 30 basis points year-over-year, so even though our, call it our volume, our revenue is going up, our bad debt expense is going down, so the savings on the rate is even greater because you’re still getting obviously new business. But overall, it’s mostly a function of, again, just the continued hard work of all our people identifying where the issues are and tackling it, and we expect to see that rate continue to improve.
Glenn Eisenberg: Bill, this is Glenn. On the Covance cost synergy side, our target still is the $100 million over the three years. It’s going to be weighted a little differently as we go--
Glenn Eisenberg: On the $100 million over the three years, it’s going to be a little bit lumpy. We obviously have gotten a lot of benefits early on by taking out the redundant public company costs, leveraging the purchasing power of our two businesses, but it will take some time further to get through the lab consolidation, so that’s why it’s a little bit more back-ended as we have to continue to finish through all the trials that are being done in those facilities. So we’re off to a very strong start. We expect it to continue to improve year-over-year, but we’re looking still at the, call it $100 million over the three years. I’d be remiss, because Dave’s sitting next to me, that we always strive to exceed the targets that we’ve established, but we’ll do that after we first achieve the targets that we’ve established.
Glenn Eisenberg: Whit, this is Glenn. Needless to say, when we put together our plan and our guidance in the early part of the year, it’s with going through a business planning process with the businesses identifying where they feel there are capital investment opportunities in addition to just the normal maintenance and so forth. So we start off with that premise, but as the year unfolds, we continue to look at each of the investments and we look at it relative to others - some new ones will come in, some other ones may get deferred based on timing. But the level of spend that we have, we feel is in line with our averages. We’re actually spending less this year than in prior years if you looked at it on a pro forma basis, which is positive, and we’ve always said we would trend a little bit to that because both companies in fact have made some sizeable investments in systems, facilities and so forth. But we’re comfortable with the spend, as you can see by our implied guidance. We expect a higher spend in the fourth quarter than we did over the last couple. Hopefully we’ll be below that, but we continue to evaluate each project as a standalone investment and we make the decision whether or not we’ll go forward. But we see a lot of good opportunities to invest that capital.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Whit. This is Glenn. We have $250 million of bonds that are due in December of this year, and our current intention is to use cash on hand to pay down the debt.
David King: Bill, it’s Dave. No, the price impact of the annualization was not material to the overall price. There were, as we mentioned, three components to the price growth, which was largely driven by mix and then the acquisitions that we completed that were at an average revenue per requisition that was above the overall segment average.
David King: Sure, good morning, Michael. You know, first of all, I’ll just come back to something we’ve been saying for a long time, which is there is no healthcare system without laboratory medicine. We are about 3% of the overall spend. We drive 70 to 80% of the healthcare decisions. For those who have ever been to the doctor and not felt well, or have taken a child to the doctor who is not feeling well, the first question is, what do the labs say? So we feel very confident that even in a time of enormous change, the lab is always going to be absolutely central to healthcare and to the delivery of healthcare, and to patient care. Running a laboratory business well requires size, scale, scientific and medical capability and credibility, and true innovation. LabCorp has all of those things. We have an enormous infrastructure. We have enormous IT capabilities. We have a dedicated and highly motivated workforce that the number one thing they think about every day is serving the patient. We have clinicians and scientists who have been at this company for 10, 20, 30, 40 years. We have invented laboratory tests that now are standard of care in the market, and I challenge anybody else to stand up to those capabilities. Then on top of it, we are the most efficient, lowest cost, highest quality provider, and add in at the back end, Michael, that we have consistently led in innovation, whether it’s 70% of the companion diagnostics, whether it’s always having the newest test, whether it’s BeaconLBS. We have consistently been the market leaders in innovation and we will continue to be the market leaders in innovation. So this is a great business. We’ve been wise stewards of capital for our shareholders, and we look forward to great, great opportunity in the diagnostics business in years to come.
David King: Morning Lisa, it’s Dave. You know, I think it is early to give guidance for next year, although I applaud you for trying. I think what I would say is if you look at the historical growth rates in this business in constant currency, it’s mid to high single digits, and the central lab has years of very strong growth and years of less strong growth. We said earlier this year when central lab got off to a slow start, that we expected it to rebound in the second half, and here we are with a very strong rebound at central lab. Early development, the incremental margin on the business is terrific, and we’re being very careful about capacity and pricing in that business. I was really pleased to see the sequential improvement in clinical revenues. Again, we’re not giving guidance, but the historical growth rate has been mid to high single digits, and that should be a good frame of reference at least to think about how the business ought to be able to perform in the out years.
David King: Well, I think in my preliminary comments, I mentioned that we feel like we’ve made very good progress, and obviously that will be incorporated in the guidance as we give it, and it will be incorporated into the overall top line growth. So I would think about those things as being--they have the potential to be incremental contributors, and the question is obviously translating them from orders into revenue, and that will be part of what we incorporate into the guidance for next year and the years ahead.
David King: Good morning, Jack, it’s Dave. So this is going to take a couple minutes, but I want to give you a comprehensive answer about PAMA. So let’s step back to why PAMA was enacted. There was an OIG report that suggested that Medicare pricing was not market competitive with commercial pricing, and Congress enacted a statute specifically around the idea of let’s fine out--let’s base Medicare on a market-based price, and let’s find out whether Medicare is market-based and if it’s not, let’s adjust it. So that was the purpose of the statute, and it was clear in the legislative history, it was clear from the floor colloquy between Senator Burr and Hatch, it was clear in the letter that they believe that hospitals were an important part of the market to consider. Now when PAMA came out, obviously hospitals were not included, and that was extremely disappointing. I would point out in the first place, there was a statutory misconstruction in the regulation because what Congress said was if over 50% of the hospital lab revenue came from the clinical lab fee schedule, that it should be included. What CMS put out was if over 50% of the Medicare revenue came from the CLFS, it should be included. Well, as I’ve already pointed out in response to an earlier question and as everybody knows, lab is about 3% of the total Medicare spend, so it is structurally impossible for lab to be more than 50% of the total Medicare revenue. The CMS also lumped the lab in with the entire hospital system in doing the calculation, which again negated any possibility that the hospitals could be included. They did that not by using the tax side [indiscernible] and the NPI, so from our perspective, CMS’ proposed regulation did not faithfully attempt to do what Congress had asked it to do. Now let me talk specifically about the decision not to include hospitals and why we think that is erroneous. The week after CMS came out with the explanation of why hospitals were not included, the Office of Inspector General released its data brief for 2014. Medicare paid $7 billion in Part B hospital lab tests - I’m quoting directly from the data brief. Hospitals received $1.7 billion or 24% of Medicare Part B payments through the clinical lab fee schedule. So let’s stop right there - hospitals that CMS said are not part of the relevant market received 24% of Medicare Part B clinical lab fee schedule payments. Physician labs received $1.3 billion or 19%, but CMS decided they are part of the market. Hospitals received 25% of the payments for the top 25 tests, which accounted for $4.2 billion of the spend, so they received an even higher percentage of the top 25 tests, and again CMS decided they were not part of the market. Furthermore, CMS cut the outpatient perspective, the OPPS, the hospital outpatient perspective payment system by 2% for 2016, and specifically stated in making that cut that it was because $1 billion of lab testing that they thought were going to go through the OPPS in fact went through the clinical lab fee schedule in 2014. CMS also stated they were reducing the OPPS not to recoup the prior overpayment but to eliminate the future overpayment, implying they expect that $1 billion to continue to go through the clinical lab fee schedule. So this is obviously a concession by CMS that significant hospital lab payments will continue to go through the clinical lab fee schedule, and it squares with what the OIG said. Now go back to what is the market, and it’s difficult for me to understand how CMS comes to the conclusion that entities that are receiving 24, 25% of the payments are not part of the market. I also just took a quick opportunity last night, because again it’s what is the market, to look at the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina website - this is publicly available data that anybody can see. A lipid panel, one of the top 25 tests, Quest and LabCorp price approximately $8 to $10, REX hospital $79, University of North Carolina $93, Duke $102. The assay of thyroid stimulating hormone - TSH, one of the top 25 tests, Quest and LabCorp $12, REX Hospital $66, University of North Carolina $86, Duke $98. That is the competitive market, and that is what Congress asked CMS to look at to determine if Medicare pricing was market-based. Again, it’s difficult to understand how CMS concluded that that data is all irrelevant. Finally, I would just point out that the timing that has been imposed here is quite unrealistic. We’re supposed to start submitting data before the final rule is even completed, and CMS is apparently going to analyze that data and put out results in 2017 based on a six-month period, even though they stated in the regulation that the year period is what would be preferable. So obviously, it’s a preliminary rule. I think you can tell from my commentary, we have a lot of comments as to the rule that CMS has promulgated, but that’s our perspective on the PAMA regulation.
David King: Sure, good morning, Bob. So when we made the acquisition, we identified nutritional chemistry and food safety as a growth opportunity because it is a significantly growing market and it’s a global market. Obviously with the increase in food importation, with the increase also in the number of detected concerns about food safety, we saw this as a nice opportunity for growth. So when we looked at the business, the market size is substantial. Obviously it’s not the size of the total lab industry, but the market size is substantial - it’s in the billions of dollars of global opportunity. We look at the margin profile as being attractive, and we look at the opportunity around what LabCorp and Covance bring together as there are two aspects of the food safety business. One is the chemistry side, and the other is the microbiology side. Covance has always had great expertise on the chemistry side; LabCorp obviously from our core lab testing brings a significant amount of expertise on the microbiological capabilities and also on the infrastructure, so it’s very important to be close to the customers because the food is sitting, waiting to be shipped. So the combination of infrastructure, microbiology and chemistry really positions us, we think, to take a market leadership position. On the nutritional side, the analysis of ingredients and purity, again all of the controversy around organic food, genetically modified food, what is safe food - this is another nice opportunity for us to grow the business, and again it’s a global opportunity. We actually have a food safety lab in Singapore as well as our large lab in Madison, and we’re very, very excited about adding International Food Network and the National Food Laboratory to these capabilities.
David King: We have aspirations. I’m not prepared to talk about them specifically, but we have aspirations that this business will be in the nine figures in revenue - hopefully the mid-nine figures, but these are just aspirational ideas for our company. There will be some which we’ll do through acquisitions, as we demonstrated we’re ready to do with the Safe Foods transaction, and there will be some that we’ll do by organic growth. I don’t think it’s something where we think about there will be an enormous amount of investment to get there.
David King: It’s Dave. I’ll start and then if Jay has anything to add, I know we’ll welcome that. You know, I think Jay gave a very precise explanation of why you saw the organic volume decline year-over-year. We had specifically called that out and identified it. We had nice sequential volume growth, and I attribute it to we have a great leadership team, we have a great team of people on the ground, and they are executing well. We’re seeing nice growth in the core business, we’re seeing nice growth in the esoteric business. We’re bringing new tests to market, so the only commentary we can give is I think the numbers speak for themselves. The numbers show that we’re performing very well and that volume continues to grow.
David King: Amanda, it’s Dave. You know, again, we’re not guiding, and so when we come out with the guidance, we will have all the puts and takes incorporated. Again, what we said is that the historic growth rate is mid to high single digits, and Sanofi will be incorporated into whatever guidance we give. There will be other puts and takes in the businesses as well, so I don’t think we should single out any one thing and try to extrapolate what that’s going to mean to the overall guidance. We’ll give the guidance in February when we give the guidance, and we look forward to being--to over time seeing Covance achieve the growth rates that the industry historically has turned in.
David King: This is Dave. I would say the major drivers of growth in the esoteric category were continued strong performance in new swab, BRCA, non-invasive prenatal testing. We actually even in the quarter already started to get orders for the companion diagnostics that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, so there was nice progress across the board.
David King: Yes, it’s Dave. I don’t think the ACA had a material impact this year. I think most of the ACA benefit in terms of enrolment has annualized, so as Glenn said, I think it’s LaunchPad, it’s sustained and focused effort by our revenue cycle management team, and it’s just really good, diligent, hard work on the ground to collect the monies that are owed to us.
David King: Bill, it’s Dave. I can answer the first part of the question quickly, and that is on BeaconLBS, we continue to have discussions about expanding to additional markets and with additional customers. We feel great that the BeaconLBS is proving out exactly as it was designed to, and I compliment the BeaconLBS team on, again, great effort, great execution, great accomplishments, and we’ll look forward to updating you as we enter new markets and agree to new business opportunities with new partners.
David King: AJ, it’s Dave. It’s hard to size the 4.5% assessment that CMS gave, obviously because we’re not privy to the data that they used to analyze it; however, it does reinforce something we have been saying all along, which is we don’t see a draconian negative outcome here for the industry. So it does reinforce our sense that this is not the doomsday scenario that many people had painted. In terms of the rest of the proposed 2016 rule, we are looking at it carefully. Obviously there are some proposed changes around drugs and abuse testing, there are some proposed changes around next-gen sequencing, there are some proposed changes around panels. None of them appear to be material to us at this early stage, but we will continue to analyze them and obviously file comments as appropriate.
David King: Gary, it’s Dave. I’ll let Jay comment on the commercial negotiations. I don’t see the PAMA rule having an impact on commercial pricing, with the exception of one very small area, which is there are some Medicare Advantage plans that are tied to the Medicare fee schedule. As I say, it’s a very, very small part of the business. Other than that, our negotiations with commercial payors are based on value, they are based on individual CPT codes. They are not--obviously the Medicare fee schedule is always a frame of reference, but they are not based on that fee schedule. So I always say, when the Medicare fee schedule goes up, that doesn’t get us an increase with the commercial payors, and when the Medicare fee schedule goes down, that doesn’t get us a decrease.
David King: I think it’s very early days on the accountable care and the bundles. Obviously, I think right now, from my understanding, most of the bundles are just putting all the payments together and then distributing them out pretty much consistent with the status quo for the bundle. I think over time, this is a great opportunity for us. Again, as the highest quality and most efficient provider, and as the bundles start to include more services without more dollars behind them, reference back to my observation about the commercial pricing for hospital laboratory services earlier. People are going to look for the highest quality, highest value service, and we’re going to be in a position to provide that. So I think we’re going to continue to see volume shifting and share moving in our direction as a result of that change in the marketplace.
David King: Excuse me, Operator. It’s right at 10 o’clock. We have four questions in the queue, so we’ll do the lightning round here; but let’s please try not to ask questions that have previously been answered. Thank you.
David King: And I’d just quickly add, the drug development business is about innovation, and innovation is going to continue to be the answer to improved delivery of healthcare. So we don’t see any reason why the current controversy should affect the desire over the long term for innovative drugs to market and for Covance being an absolutely essential part of bringing innovative new medicines to patients.
David King: Yes, first of all, we don’t comment on other people’s comments, so we commented on our results and, as we said, we had a very strong quarter from a volume perspective and we’re very pleased with the outcome there. In terms of the direct-to-consumer business, we have always said that when we launch our direct-to-consumer business, it’s going to be responsible, it’s going to be compliant, it’s going to focus on the LabCorp quality and service with the medical and clinical support that we have always provided in our business-to-business, if you will, side of the business with physicians and hospitals, and other customers. So we think the direct-to-consumer opportunity is important, it’s a market that is growing, and consumers are more and more engaged in healthcare. But as we always do, it’s going to be done in a clinically, medically and regulatory compliant fashion, and we are excited about the opportunity.
Deborah Keller: Good morning, this is Deborah Keller. So yes, you’re right - all three of our service lines had constant dollar sequential growth this quarter, and I would say it was led by central lab, which as you said was roughly flat in the first half of the year. They had a substantial increase in their kit volume which is driving a much strong growth rate in Q3. Early development also is strong, and they had those nice incremental drop-through as well. So in our central lab, back to that, we had record level kits both in and out, and we had an increase in our testing volume as well. As far as clinical, we had good sequential increased growth rate and strong orders for the quarter.
Deborah Keller: Okay, thanks. This is Deb. Globally, we’re at about 70s as far as capacity. Utilization in the U.S. is slightly higher and Europe is a little bit lower. Obviously we’re glad to see our capacity filling. It’s a much improved situation versus a few years ago. We do run a global business and that’s been to our advantage, because it allows us to move studies around to maximize our capacity globally, and that way we can leverage it. We do monitor our capacity obviously daily. As far as pricing, we’ve seen some low single digit price increases generally speaking. It’s different for different types of studies and in different parts of the world, and again it’s much better than the price decline we’d seen a few years ago. With our global capacity, we do have some flexibility about capacity additions.
Deborah Keller: Yes, this is Deb. I’ll start out and then I’ll turn it over to Dave. You know, as far as from an early development standpoint, our orders continue to be strong from all segments - emerging, midsize and large pharma, so at least thus far we’ve not seen it impacting.
