Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Ann, and good morning. So I’ll give you some additional context on NHPs and where we stand. If you look at the first quarter, the NHP impact of early development was approximately $50 million to $60 million. But it’s important to note that, that does not leverage well because we’re continuing to hire people, and we’re continuing to keep people because we now have enough supply that we feel confident in the second half of the year, and we feel confident as we go into next year. If you look at the underlying demand of the early development business, excluding that impact, it looks good. It actually grew 15% to 17%. So we feel good about the second half of the year for that reason. We said that the first quarter would have the highest impact of NHPs and there’ll still be some impact in the second quarter. In the second quarter, we expect the impact to be between $30 million to $40 million. The reason why is, as we get supply in, it still takes time to acclimate and to train and to be ready for the new study starts. So we feel good about our supply situation. We feel good about the second half of the year. We feel good about going into next year. The first quarter was certainly the biggest impact of $50 million to $60 million. Second quarter would be less of an impact of $30 million to $40 million. But most importantly, the underlying early development business would have grown 15% to 17% had it not been for the NHPs.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So Jack, first of all, I’d say we’re very pleased with the performance in diagnostics, every which way you look at it whether you look at esoteric, routine, look at our hospital, ex-hospital, if you look at our mix, we’re looking very, very strong in the diagnostic business, and that enabled us to up the guidance range for that base business. If you look at volumes, specifically, the base business last year compared to this year, we’re up 11% this year versus last year. About 2.5% of that was acquisitions, and then it was favorable weather and revenue days that was about 2%, but also remember comparing to last year where Omicron was impacting our business. So when you look, it’s still very, very strong but it’s a little bit more typical to what you would expect. As we look at the sequential difference, I feel really good about where we are with Ascension and things that are happening with not just the TSA, but also the acquisition part of Ascension in the business that we bought. But I’ll see if Glenn wants to add some additional color.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I’ll give some context and Glenn, if you could jump in as well. But we always said that the beginning when we first were doing the integration, the margin will be at the lowest point, which will be in the low-single digits. We’re actually saying getting closer to the mid-single digits now, although not quite there. Over time, the margin will continue to improve. It will never reach the average margin of our current business. But we have already started to see some margin improvement, and we expect that that’s going to continue as we go through this year into next year.
Adam Schechter: Yes, glad to. And I’ll first start off by saying that if you look at early development, as I said before, excluding the NHP constraints, the underlying business is strong. Same thing, I mean, if you look at our central laboratory business that looks very strong. And especially when you look at it in the CAGR, you can see strength in that business as well. It was a mixed quarter for the clinical development business, which I can talk about. But there are three things that impacted our margin significantly in the quarter that we think as we go through the year; at least two of them will start to look much better. The first one is NHP revenue. I already stated that was a $50 million to $60 million impact in first quarter. We expect it to be $30 million to $40 million in second quarter. That loss falls to the bottom line. It doesn’t leverage well because we’re continuing to hire people, and we’re continuing to run that business like we didn’t have the constraints. It’s been hard to find people. It takes time to train people. It was one of the issues we faced last year. So we purposely decided to manage that business differently. Even though the revenue was down for the NHP constraints, we continue to hire people, and we continue to run the margins at a very low rate for that reason. The second thing is there was a write-down of bad debt for a small biotech company. It was one small company that actually went bankrupt and we had a write-off was about $10 million to $12 million. And then the third thing is we are seeing a bit of a lower burn rate in clinical. It’s not surprising overly because we’ve seen kits coming back, not where they were prior to 2019. We think that’s now flowing through a bit to the clinical business. But those three things we expect will get better the first two, certainly. The third one we think will continue to improve as we go through the year.
Adam Schechter: Yes, I would say, in general, if you look at early development, we do much more of our backlog in small to medium biotech business, less as a percent in pharma. If you look at our clinical business, we do more in pharma, less in small biotech than we do in our fully development business. And then if you look at our Central Laboratory, it’s pretty evenly split, but it’s much more – I mean it’s in between the two, but it’s more towards large pharma than it is to small, medium-sized biotech. So I would say large pharma, middle-sized pharma is the majority of our book-to-bill in the clinical business as well as the central lab business. And it’s much more skewed to small to medium-sized biotech in the early development business. And overall, the book-to-bill was 1.27 for the trailing 12 months.
Adam Schechter: Yes, we don’t really break it out that way. Obviously, as we get closer to spin, we will be breaking out differently than we do today. But at this time, we really haven’t broken it out by the different business segments.
Adam Schechter: Yes, hi Patrick, I’ll start, and I’ll ask Glenn to give some specifics. But in terms of payers, we have very good conversations with the payers, very constructive. I feel good about our access and the continued access that we will have. You continue to see price pressure in every single part of health care. But at the same time, we’re not seeing any significant changes to the trends of what’s happened in the past. So I feel good about price and price mix as we go through this year to next year. Maybe you can give some specifics, Glenn.
Adam Schechter: Yes. What I would say there is overall, they represent a smaller part of our business, obviously than the mid to large size pharma and biotech. Some small companies are struggling a bit right now with cash, and you hear that a little bit, but it hasn’t really impacted the flow of our RFPs or the dollar amount of our RFPs at the moment. But that’s something that we’re watching very closely. And obviously in the market environment that we’re in, it’s harder for these very small startup companies which represent a pretty small amount of our business frankly.
Adam Schechter: So Derek, I guess in February this year, we kind of gave our longer-term outlook of what we felt for diagnostics that we’d see kind of 2.5% to 4.5%. So little bit better than what we’ve done historically, again in that 3%-ish range. So to your point, the fact that we had such a strong quarter. In the first quarter to some extent, we had a soft quarter of a year ago because of Omicron. So we would expect volumes to be higher. But frankly, one of the reasons we talked about what our full year guidance is that we’re tracking really well, we continue to see that favorable kind of 6%-ish number throughout this year as a base volume. But I think at this stage, when you look at the call it the CAGR to 2019 let’s say how are we tracking we’re doing around a 7% CAGR in diagnostics revenue compared to 2019 that’s at the call the midpoint of our guidance. Ascension this year is going to benefit us around a couple of points, and we always have around a point for acquisition. So from a revenue standpoint, this year compared to pre-pandemic, we’re growing it around 4%. So again, call it the middle to upper end of our targeted range. So again, part of the issues on a year-on-year comparison is that last year in diagnostics, given all the issues with COVID was softer than we expect. So now as we’re coming through the recovery, we would expect the stronger growth rate, which is what we’re experiencing.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I mean, the customers want to get their studies done and they understand the pricing issues that we’re all facing. So they continue to fill the pipeline with studies that they want to complete, even though there are pricing issues that we’re all facing.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I was very happy about the one year of PAMA reprieve. I wish we would’ve had legislation passed at the end of last year. SALSA certainly has bipartisan support and I’m glad it continues to have bipartisan support. So anybody I talk to, anybody that you give them the understanding of SALSA, I haven’t read into anybody that doesn’t understand the issues and isn’t supportive. So I feel like we still have a good chance to get SALSA approved. I know our trade group, ACLA is working very hard to make sure that we continue to have our voice heard. And although, I continue to put in our base case that PAMA will impact us next year. I continue to be cautiously optimistic that we’ll find a way to get some type of legislation approved as we go through this year. But I agree with you. It’s not easy in the current environment.
Adam Schechter: Eric, I don’t think this is a new trend or something that I think this was a very specific thing that happened here.
Adam Schechter: Yes. The only thing I would add, Eric, is that the customers I’ve spoken to are pleased with the work we’re doing. They’re actually excited about the increased focus that will occur after the spin. It’s temporary. They’re just saying, you’ve said the spin is mid-year, get that done and then come back. So I think there’s this short-term issue that we’re facing. I don’t get any sense that there’s anything other than a short-term issue. In fact, the customers are excited about overall the spin.
Adam Schechter: Thank you, Erin, for the question. I mean, the pipeline is robust. I would say, it’s better today than it was a year ago. I mean, there’s not too many deals the size of Ascension. But when you look at the number of deals and the number of health systems that we’re talking to, I’m very pleased with where we are. We’ll have more to announce as we move forward this year, so stay tuned. But it’s a very robust pipeline of health systems and local laboratories that we’re looking at.
Adam Schechter: Yes. It was a renewal of a large pharma FSP. And the reason I think it’s important is because as we’re going through the spin, I mentioned that some customers are excited about the spin, but they’ve said, let’s wait until after the spin, we’ll talk about more business. This large pharma company said, no, we’re so pleased with the work that you’ve done that we want to renew that FSP now. So it just gives you a sense that we are continuing to have good momentum as we go into the spin and through the spin, despite some short-term pressures there.
Adam Schechter: Well, thank you for joining us today. We’re continuing to drive performance across our businesses, while we’re making great progress towards completing the planned mid-year spin of clinical development. We look forward to updating you further at our upcoming Fortrea Investor Day in June. And I can’t wait to provide you with additional information about Labcorp and the bright future, I believe we have in September. Talk to you soon.
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I think that hits it in. I think anytime you look especially in the diagnostics business, we’ve talked about the seasonality of the business. So looking at sequential, you do have to factor in those issues of days, if you will, obviously the impact of acquisitions that are annualizing as well as the – I guess, the fundamental issue that Adam spoke to is just we continue to see strong demand as we go forward. And the year-over-year comps look good and sequentially, similarly we expect the growth to continue throughout the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Just, and it speaks a little to the early – the earlier question two [ph] on the sequential. We continue to see revenues within Ascension continue to grow. So it grew sequentially. We’re still, as you’ll recall when we announced the transaction, expected around $550 million to $600 million in revenue based upon our current guidance, our revenue would be at the upper end or maybe even slightly above it. It’s going to contribute around 5% of our growth this year, and as you know, it will annualize after the third quarter. So the fourth quarter comp will have it in both periods. So we’re seeing good growth. Obviously, it impacted our revenue in the first quarter, call it around 7.5% year-on-year. So the revenues are coming in nicely. And as Adam said, while we talked about mid-to – we’re low-to-mid-single digit margins, we’re kind of at the upper end of that range right now with the expectation that margin growth or improvement will continue as we go forward through the year, but especially beyond that.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. I’d say the other thing, too, Kevin, if you look at the first quarter, and again, it goes back a little bit to the seasonality question; first quarter margins for drug development are historically the lowest. And if you looked at what we did last year, we did around 11.6% in margin. But for the full year, we delivered 14% margins. When you look at this year, obviously, we have a low first quarter margin. But our expectation is that it will be slightly above next year, in part, the constraints that I have said, but the top line growth that we expect in the business that’s implied in our revenue guidance would get you roughly around 7.5% for the remaining nine months. So, top line growth, LaunchPad savings, not having the constraints will drive the margin improvement.
Glenn Eisenberg: So no, we have seen the trend go down. If you look at the fourth quarter, we were rounding around 30% backlog conversion where this quarter, we’re kind of at the 29.5%. So, we have seen kind of the trend down. We’d assume that this level going forward. So, when you look at the call down in our revenue outlook for the year, that effectively was half of the reason for the decline with the other being a little bit of softer orders that we had in the first quarter that, as you know, we still need roughly around 20% of current year revenues to come from new orders as we did see a little bit of a softness there. But overall, we’re looking at the backlog, we’re looking at the contracts that we have, the burn rate that we currently see from those contracts, and we feel comfortable with the current expectation. Frankly, there’s always a range that you can say that we can see it pick up a bit. There were a couple of large contracts in particular that caused the conversion to come a little bit lower. So once those burn through a little bit or the mix improves, hopefully, we’ll see a little bit of a pickup. But for right now, that kind of 29.5-ish kind of percent conversion is what we’re assuming.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Patrick. When you look at the – we talked about the 7.5% kind of growth this year organically in diagnostics. The price mix benefit from that was a little over 9%, 9.2%. We commented that extension the TSA we treat as all price. So that was 7.5%, if you will. So we did around, call it 1.7% in price mix, which is not too dissimilar when you back out the ascension to where we’ve done – where we’ve been. We continue to track well. When you look at even our guidance for the full year, which will help kind of convey what we continue to expect, at the midpoint of our revenue guidance, we have around 13.25% growth. We’re picking up around close to 5% from Ascension as well as probably around 1.5 points from M&A. So overall, call it, that midpoint, excluding Ascension and acquisitions, we’d be up around 7%. So we’re tracking similarly. We expect roughly around 6% of it from volume, 1% of it from price, again, now that it doesn’t include the Ascension. So historically, we would have said organic revenue or volume of, call it, around 2%. You pick up a point from a price mix of 3%. So where we see price right now continues to be pretty consistent with that. And as Adam said, the payer mix has helped. We continue to see a positive trend in our tests per Ascension. We continue to see a positive trend with our esoteric growing faster than routine. We also picked up a little bit on the draw fee, but we continue to do headwinds from unit pricing. So the fact that we continue to see price mixed favorable is really the mix impact of our business more than offsetting any pricing headwinds.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing, I’d add too is which to your point, so the large or the small but biotech customer that went bankrupt was around $5 million of the $12 million that we put in place. So we built up reserves just given the current environment to make sure that if were there any other issues that we would have that we feel that were adequately reserved for. But as Adam said, small part of the business we’re just being hopefully prudent in establishing the reserve for the potential that some other smaller players could have some issues.
Glenn Eisenberg: And the only thing I would add to that is, with the health systems that we’re winning and the pipeline that we have, I do believe that there’s spillover that occurs in the surrounding geographies when you win those health systems. It’s very hard to quantify. But I believe that it helps with our underlying demand.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. This is I think we commented on – I believe on the last question or two, the $12 million that we took was both a write-down of a receivable from a customer that went bankrupt as well as a buildup of reserves. So the $5 million exposure we did have to a small biotech customer that obviously had gone on for a while before they obviously went bankrupt. And so that was the write-off. The other $7 million again, which is unusual to your point, we normally don’t speak about bad debt with regard to our drug development business, but in the current environment, we felt it was appropriate to build up an additional reserve just given what’s going on rather than just do it once and then if something occurs later, we do it again. So we feel we’re adequately reserved in the current environment, but again, which is unusual, but that’s the – extent is the $12 million is a total and the $5 million is unique to that one customer.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So overall, we talked about the CMS reimbursement at around a $100 and obviously our average is probably in the low to mid-80s overall. But we’ve talked about that post public health emergency that we expect that the CMS reimbursement rate will call it drop in half. So ultimately, that’s where we’re coming down on pricing. And then the volumes we spoke to, we did around 10,000 PCR tests per day in the quarter. Really, we’re currently at a rate that’s closer to 5,000 and that’s really our expectation going forward. So you’re looking at relatively low volumes at kind of half of the pricing. So it’s going to come off of the 50% that’s benefiting from full pricing and stronger volume. But we do believe that the overall margin, if you look at the base businesses in the high teens, you should – we currently expect that to call it the COVID margins will at least start with the two. So it’ll be greater than the margins that we have for the overall segment, but again, at lower volumes.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So when we provided the book-to-bill, yes, we normally focus on the trailing 12, which as Adam said was a 1.27. We do in our supplemental information provide the quarterly, which was at a 1.18. So overall, the orders or the book-to-bill continues to be what we feel healthy overall, again, focusing more on the trailing 12. We did comment on the – in Adam’s remarks that we did have the benefit of an FSP renewal contract in the – of the quarter. So, which again, periodically comes up. But overall, the backlog looks good, the conversion’s a little bit lower, but we also spoke to that in the first quarter, we saw orders come in softer than what we expected. And to your point, it’s really all driven on our clinical business, which again, in part is the issue with spending all this time on the spin. Adam commented that some of the customers are waiting before giving us orders until after the spin is up and running independent and very focused going forward. But the overall, book-to-bill, we always try to shoot for a 1.2 to be able to support mid to high single digit growth rates. And currently, even for the quarter, we’re at a 1.18, but again, benefiting with a renewal of an FSP.
