David P. King: Jack, it's Dave. I'll start very briefly, and then turn it over to, John. John made a comment to me yesterday, which is, I guess, the most succinct explanation that I've heard of the order and book-to-bill performance, which is, we're winning in the marketplace. And with that – and by the way, a lot of that is testament to John's terrific leadership, and the quality of the leadership team at Covance, today. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to, John for more detail.
David P. King: We will, yeah. I mean, I do think, over time payment mechanisms will change. Again, when you talk to the payers, they will tell you that they have x percent of their providers on some sort of value-based contract. Now, granted, they may be different value-based metrics. There may be different definitions of what's value. But over time, I do think we're going to see an evolution away from traditional, pure fee-for-service contracting to – contracting it for example, is going to look more like systems outside the U.S. where there has to be a demonstration of efficacy for a drug or there has to be a demonstration of value for reimbursement for a test. And these are things that we need to anticipate, because although they will be slower to develop than we think they are, I do think, they're the long-term future of how providers like us are going to get paid.
David P. King: Sure. Obviously, with 23andMe we've got a long-standing collaboration, and their growth in volume has been quite significant. So we're obviously very pleased that their volume is growing, what we're talking to them now about is other things that can be added to complement that collaboration, such as offering routine testing to consumers through a combination of our capabilities, they're people ordering genetic tests or have ordered genetic tests, and them now having the opportunity to do direct ordering of routine testing. We have a whole variety of things that we're talking about as ideas that we would like to pursue for expanding our reach to the consumer. With Walgreens, obviously we're in the very early innings with seven stores open, we have a plan for significant expansion next year. But we also want to think about Walgreens as not just we want to expand the patient service center footprint of being more convenient spaces but we want to expand the constellation of capabilities around the combination of drugstore and lab, which again is why we always have insisted that we wanted our consumer channel to be in a healthcare setting. So how do we help the pharmacist practice at the top of the license with things like Medication Therapy Management, and even test ordering in some states. How do we introduce the Covance piece into Walgreens as a patient engagement and patient recruitment tool? How do we use the LabCorp patient database in terms of demographics and diagnoses with the Walgreens patient database in terms of medication that a patient is taking? There are a lot of opportunities there. And so, we not only think about scaling the footprint, but we think about scaling the collaboration and thinking about other retail settings where that's potentially an opportunity for us. In summary, our consumer strategy is focused on not telling the consumer you have to come see us where we are, but meeting the consumer where they want to be met. And you'll see us increasingly pursue that through mobile, through digital, through footprint in the years ahead.
David P. King: Patrick, it's Dave. We evaluate a lot of deals, and we evaluate everyone based on strategic and business fit. So we have said with regard to the CRO, that the flawless integration of Chiltern is the top priority and it remains a top priority. Nonetheless, we'll look at every deal that comes along and see what's the best fit for the business given the needs.
David P. King: And Dan, it's Dave. I think, you should remember in terms of organic growth that revenue was going to be constrained by about that 1% per PAMA that we mentioned, so whenever that top line revenue growth would be, we actually have about a 1% headwind going in. I would expect organic volume growth to be relatively consistent with this year, so that hopefully gives you some framework.
David P. King: Sure. It's Dave. So without specifically detailing the use of the tax benefit, one, as you saw in the guidance, we are accelerating some capital investments in the business. And that's IT, that's infrastructure, that's patient engagement capability. There's a whole variety of investments to support future growth. The second thing, we talked about investing in our people, so that would be in the context of a one-time bonus to all of our non-bonus eligible employees that will be paid this year based on length of service. And that will be formally detailed at the time that we actually pay, which will be in March. So those are the ways, Ralph, in which we intend to deploy the investments in the business and in the people from tax reform. The wage costs now, obviously, we're in a tight labor market at the same time. As we look at this bonus based on length of service, the number of people who are long-serving employees in our business among our 57,000 colleagues is actually very, very significant. And so we have a lot of stability in the workforce. We think about wage rate inflation as sort of being in the 3% range, and that's how we sketch it out for the future.
David P. King: Sure. So the pipeline continues to be robust. At the same time, I'm not sure that the impact of PAMA has been fully realized, particularly in – I was with a large health system CEO last week. And without getting into a lot of detail, I don't think the impact of PAMA on the laboratory operations of the large health system has necessarily been fully filled yet in the executive suites. So I think that we're going to continue to be thoughtful about how we deploy capital toward our acquisitions across the board, and whether PAMA has an impact on that deal pipeline, I think will emerge throughout the year. On the litigation, we have a briefing schedule that would call for all of the papers to be filed with the court in April, by mid-April. The case has been assigned to Judge Sullivan, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, many, many years ago. I appeared in front of him. He's an excellent Judge, and I think he will give us a very thoughtful evaluation. And I would just say, we continue to feel that we have a very persuasive case that CMS and the data collection process – sorry in the process of promulgating a rule that led to the data collection did not comply with the specific language of the PAMA statute. So obviously, we're optimistic that one, we'll have a decision by sort of the June timeframe, and two, that we'll win the case. We continue to seek a legislative solution as well to engage with CMS. And we'll see how it develops.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. We've had accelerated pace of engagement with United over the last month-and-a-half. The teams are very much engaged, at my level, at Gary's level, and also at the negotiating team level. And I'm optimistic that we will reach an understanding in a reasonably short timeframe now.
David P. King: Sure. Obviously, we're a partner with United, but we don't dictate their process, so I can't comment on what their process may or may not entail. I can just say that, we've had accelerated pace of discussions, in my mind very constructive discussions, and I'm hoping that, as I say, we'll reach some sort of a resolution in a relatively short timeframe. In terms of the flu, as everybody knows, we are experiencing an unusually virulent flu season. On the other hand, most of the flu testing that's done is actually point-of-service testing or near-patient testing, it's not reference testing. We did see an increase in flu testing referred to us, but it is not significant enough to have any impact on our results.
David P. King: Good morning, Bill. It's Dave. I think it'd be hard for us to identify any ancillary benefit, obviously everybody has read about the increase in hospital admission rates and the pressure on emergency rooms from flu. But it's very unlikely that, that's going to generate any material amount of reference testing for us.
David P. King: It's Dave. So as we said, LaunchPad – and by the way, it's $130 million incremental, so it's $150 million total over the timeframe. But LaunchPad is both right-sizing and re-engineering, and we did basically the bulk of the right-sizing last year. The reengineering is investment in tools and technologies. It's expanding our Xcellerate platform. It's endpoint. It's PHARMACUITY. It's a number of the other tools that we have developed that are proprietary tools for study start-up, for site monitoring, for remote medical monitoring, for whole variety of start-up and trial management capabilities. And we are going to continue to invest in those and enhance them, and expand our capabilities in digital. And obviously, some of it will be with partners, and some of it will be our own internal efforts. But Covance LaunchPad is about – it fits into our long-term strategy that we talked about our second point, which is streamlining and optimizing the Drug Development process.
David P. King: Yeah, Sequenom is doing terrific. Obviously, it's in the run rate now. We're continuing to see very steady growth. We are continuing to add capabilities to the testing platform, which was one of the reasons why we felt Sequenom was such an attractive opportunity for us. And we are winning business in the OB/GYN office because of our one-stop capabilities. In terms of average risk, that's obviously a controversial area in terms of coverage. So there's been some improvement in payer recognition of the value of NIPT for average risk. And we continue to advocate for NIPT and average risk in the average risk population, as obviously do others. So we're hopeful that we'll continue to make progress, but at the same time, it is an area in which the payers are concerned about the escalation of the expense, and they want to be very thoughtful as they make their coverage decisions.
David P. King: Yes. So we have a number of liquid biopsy projects ongoing. We have a liquid biopsy project ongoing that's actually a part of trials at Covance. There was some liquid biopsy development that was ongoing at Sequenom's R&D that we've revitalized to look at opportunities there. Long-term, I think liquid biopsy is a great opportunity for our industry for exactly the same reason that NIPT was, which is, it takes a procedure that is costly, that involves an invasive procedure and that involves some risk to the patient as well as risks that you're going to miss the critical things you're looking for, which is if you do a prostate punch biopsy, you may miss the cancer in the prostate because you didn't get the right cells and turns it into something that looks for cancer cells in a non-invasive way with a high degree of certainty that we're actually capturing what we're looking for. So it took – I remember, the first time we were presented with the idea of fetal cell sorting, which became NIPT, it was in the early 2000s. And it took over ten years for the technology to be perfected. And we see liquid biopsy as the same type of opportunity, long-term, game-changing, near-term definitely something to be looking at.
David P. King: And seeing no further questions, once again, I'd like to reiterate that – my pride in this organization for the achievements of 2017, my personal gratitude, not only to the leadership team, but to the 57,000 colleagues around the world who make it happen every single day, and our commitment to continuing our strength in 2018 and to the greatness of LabCorp, LabCorp Diagnostics and Covance in the future. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
John D. Ratliff: I think we, Jack, continue to benefit from the strategic investments in the team, technology and our capabilities, the solutions that we're bringing forward, companion diagnostics being one example of that. I do think that, well, it is broad-based, so it is in early development. It is in labs. It is in clinical. We've gotten a benefit in terms of clinical with obviously the acquisition of Chiltern, but book-to-bill even without Chiltern would be consistent with what our last 12 months are. And so, strength across the board and the cancellations are in line with historical. So there's been no abnormalities at all in terms of the cancellation within the quarter.
John D. Ratliff: No. I'd say that the early development we're seeing flow through business, whether that'd be in the tox area, and obviously within the large molecule and immuno-oncology being a large percentage of our oncology platform. And then, in the BioA area and the significant flow-through into our clinical business, so it's a little bit additive to what Dave said.
John D. Ratliff: Well, we saw – this is John – we saw strength really broadly. We did see strength in terms of the small-medium. Obviously, we benefit from the strength of the Chiltern, and the fact that they had a large penetration in that category. But at the same time, we have a big penetration within our early development in terms of the small-medium areas as well. But I would say, large pharma in terms of mid-tier and small-medium, if you look at our win rates, they were even broad against that spectrum. So strength across all, you could see more of the penetration in the large in the central labs, in the mid-tier and the small-medium in terms of their early development, as well as the clinical business, strength across the board.
John D. Ratliff: This is John, Patrick. And so, we have within the 2018 guidance, basically organic revenue growth of the mid to high-single-digits; and then obviously the acceleration of the Chiltern. The backlog is based on a contracted basis. So it's as clean as you can possibly get in terms of the rigid discipline that goes into that backlog. Obviously, anytime you have a penetration more and more in the small-medium category, you do get a little bit higher cancellation rate, but at the same time, you get a higher level of growth. 75% of the molecules are there. They have a higher level of R&D funding, and the increase is actually higher than the small and medium, but backlog very stable and strong underneath growth from the conversion. I think, you're also seeing that just in terms of 2017, with the cancellations that we had at the very end of 2016, you went through the first half trough to basically slightly positive in Q3, and then to the mid – low to mid-single-digit growth in fourth, plus we've got outstanding fourth quarter orders, where we picked up the last 12 months, the 1.36 from the 1.33 or the 1.23, or the 1.15 earlier. You're just seeing the resonation of our strategic investments in the team, the technology capabilities utilizing LabCorp patient data to win awards, and then the solutions that come from that, the companion diagnostics.
John D. Ratliff: This is John. And so, I think, from the standpoint of – we're seeing continued momentum within the order rate. You do have with us – having early development, central labs, clinical development, you do have that mix of the business that converts backlog into revenue faster within the early development, and to another degree in terms of the labs. So that $2.9 billion is consistent with the prior quarter attainment. And so there's fair stability there, but more so on the order rate in 2018. We're seeing the continued momentum across the businesses, whether that's Chiltern accelerating a clinical – or a legacy clinical Covance, whether that's the strength of the labs. And I think you're seeing that in the second half of even 2017. And then early development even, and that's across the board whether that's in BioA, CMC or in the safety assessment, metabolic lead optimization areas. So good visibility, good momentum in terms of the balance of what the bookings need to be in terms of attaining the guidance that we've given.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: No. Just on your other question on the share repo in the guidance, what we did say is that, the guidance range that we have provided for our free cash flow that, our guidance does assume that we will fully redeploy that. And we said in the combination expected, but it's in our guidance, expect that, that will be a combination of M&A kind of tuck-ins, if you will, share repurchases and debt reduction. We ended the year at 3.2 times leverage in 2017, so we would expect to bring down the leverage a bit, but we also expect to use a fair amount of that free cash flow to both M&A and share repurchases.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Hi, Nick, this is Glenn. Let me at least take a first cut at it. Your observation is pretty good. If you look at it by business, within the Drug Development side, we expect to see improving margins, both due to the strength of the demand that we're seeing and expect to see in 2018 and beyond, as well as now embracing kind of the LaunchPad initiative where we've talked about kind of the incremental $130 million of net savings that we expect over the next three years. So we are expecting to see good margin improvement. And as John has commented before, relative to where we were against some of our competitors, there was also some room to see that pick up as well. So we're really encouraged there. The flip side obviously on the Diagnostics is that, we enjoy very strong operating margins. We've benefited from the LaunchPad initiative, frankly, over the last three years that are reflected in the margin. But as you know in 2018, we've begun to get the headwinds of the PAMA legislation that will be constraining our margins. So we do expect that Diagnostics margins will be down kind of in 2018, and then obviously based upon what ultimately occurs with PAMA over the next few years could be additional headwinds going beyond. So as we start-off as an enterprise though, we're looking that, over time to continue to see some margin improvement. The first year in 2018 will be difficult given the quickness of the PAMA starting without the long-term benefit of the LaunchPad initiative kicking in. But were it not for the PAMA headwind, we would have expected even in 2018 for enterprise margins to be up. And frankly, even with the new revenue recognition accounting that's come in place, there will be a little bit of a constraint on the margin, even though we've restated the prior period, because of the acquisition of Chiltern will have on for a full-year in 2018. But overall, we continue to look for ways to maximize our operating margins as we go forward. And while we talk about the LaunchPad initiative within Covance, from our perspective, there's still an ongoing initiative within Drug Development to continue to improve operating margins.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: I think we gave you $550 million for Chiltern for the full-year. And so that should give you an indication in terms of the fourth quarter. We're not getting into this segment-by-segment guidance and/or delineation, but that should give you a guide.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Tim, this is Glenn. I mean, I think how John characterized it is fair, is that we are tracking to roughly that annualized number, maybe slightly ahead of it, but comparable. So if you're trying to back into kind of the organic growth rate just by taking that as a proxy for the quarter will get you to kind of a mid-kind of organic growth rate for the business, and again, accelerating as we get into 2018.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: That's right, with the benefit of the currency translation. You'll be able to back into the number. But what we've commented about for the quarter organically, again, based upon, as John characterized it, by backing up the Chiltern pro rata for the time we've owned it would get you to roughly a mid-single-digit number with the benefit of currency translation, and then that increasing as we go into 2018.
