David P. King: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are: Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results, provide 2013 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: And Tom, it's Dave. Just to add one further point. We're encouraged that organic volume growth increased sequentially from 3Q to 4Q. So we have some cautious optimism that we're going to see better organic volume growth as we go forward through 2013.
David P. King: Tom, I think reform will be a net positive to us. There are a lot of moving parts. And some of them, such as how will the exchanges actually work, what will pricing be through the exchanges and how many states will actually participate in Medicaid expansion, remain unclear at this point. But at a high level, I think we will see volume growth, offset to some extent by reduced pricing on the business that is coming through the company now that is uninsured that will be subject to insurance rates and a net benefit from reduction in the bad debt rate. So we view it as a net positive. But again a lot of moving pieces and too early to try to even begin to quantify it.
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. It does not suggest a moratorium on acquisition activity. The pipeline remains quite active. The share repurchase commitment and the board's endorsement of the $1 billion in share repurchase authorization reflects more our continued commitment to using share repurchase as a way to return capital to shareholders.
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. I would say the increasing prevalence of ACOs and mega physician practice groups that are thinking about transitioning to an environment in which they either share risk or take risk has made them a lot more interested in population health management and data analytics. Obviously, a lot of people are working on population health management and data analytics. One of the great benefits that we have is the enormous amount of information and data that we have on the unique patients that we see every year and the longitudinal database that we have on those same patients as they come back to see us over time. So I think as we continue to see the development of ACOs, the consolidation of physician practices and even the consolidation of health systems, the value of those data analytics will continue to increase.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. That's a very difficult question to answer just because it's hard to know how the market is growing. I think we're growing with the market. I will say we continue to see in our patient and physician satisfaction surveys very strong satisfaction with the quality of our service level. And I think that, that is a very important aspect of why organic volume has increased sequentially.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. Obviously, the reimbursement impact hits all laboratories and indeed hits hospitals that perform Medicare laboratory services as well. The biggest impact we've seen in the marketplace is in the anatomic pathology-focused specialty businesses simply because as you recognize from Steve's commentary, the clinical lab fee schedule, the physician fee schedule and the 88305 reduction all have a direct impact on them. So the entire industry has been affected by this. And I think we're seeing some of the smaller and some of the specialty players be more cognizant of the opportunity to monetize their businesses than maybe they were earlier in 2012.
David P. King: Obviously, we don't guide to our share repurchase activity. And so I want to make sure that nobody's interpreting this as giving guidance on our share repurchase activity. As I said in the prepared comments, if you look at the last 5 years, it's been almost exactly half of our free cash flow to acquisitions and half to share repurchase. And going forward, we would expect to deploy our free cash flow similarly, about half to acquisitions and half to share repurchase. The additional leverage that we've talked about, by and large, and again all other things being equal in the absence of sizable acquisition opportunities, we would expect the additional leverage to be deployed toward share purchase. We don't have a specific time frame for when we would achieve the target leverage largely because, going back to your last question, the acquisition market is very active, the environment is very fluid. And so we're going to be strategic about how we deploy that additional leverage and how we reach the leverage point over time.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. The only observation I would make on that is -- and I don't mean to split hairs. But some of that 1% that we lost due to weather would have been organic as well. So your numbers are close. I don't think there is a material difference there. But as reported, if you don't take account of that 1%, then I would agree with you, 0.7% organic and the rest, acquisitions. I think some of that 1% would have been driven by organic growth as well.
David P. King: It's Dave again. I mean, far be it from me to suggest how you should interpret the data. The only thing that I will say is our business is not driven by flu. Most of the flu that we test for at all is going to be rapid point-of-care testing in patient service centers. As you probably know, most rapid flu testing is done in physician offices and is not sent out. So my view is the flu season really doesn't have an impact, a strong impact one way or the other. But again that's my view. And you may have a different view of how to interpret the data.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. First of all, as we have consistently said, only about 4% to 5% of our total revenue base is impacted by the Medicare molecular Dx coding changes. And molecular Dx is about 6% of the total revenue base. We have been saying all along that we did not expect a material impact. And in fact, we expect these Medicare repricing and molecular codes to be a slight positive for us. We're continuing to discuss the appropriate payment rates with our managed care partners. And whether that's a headwind or a tailwind remains to be determined.
David P. King: Lisa, it's Dave. Obviously, the Medicare reductions are a direct price headwind, so all of those go straight to price. As Brad commented earlier, we do have some price increases in other payor groups, which will help offset the payment reductions. And those consist of actual unit cost increases. And I'm not going to go to detail about those unit cost increases. But suffice to say, they go broadly across all of our other payor groups besides government. There also will be some benefit from test mix. And there will be some benefit from -- if history continues to repeat, some benefit from a slightly larger number of tests per requisition. So those are the pricing aspects of what we see in 2013 that will help us to offset to some extent the Medicare headwind.
David P. King: We have. I would say one of the complications is that the ACO environment is evolving quite rapidly. So you have many large ACOs forming that, that provide services to members of many different managed care plans. And so even being the preferred lab provider, obviously it doesn't mean you're going to get all of the volume. And most of those payment rates are going to be based on managed care contracts. I think over time as we see the evolution where ACOs and other providers are actually sharing or taking risk, that's when you'll start to see much more clarity on what the impact of that transition will be on pricing.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I don't think we're in a position to talk about how Beacon might impact the P&L because there are so many different potential ways in which BeaconLBS could be deployed. So I think it's just too early to give a sense of what that would do from a revenue and a margin perspective.
David P. King: Well, I think it's -- I think it would be self-evident that the rates that we receive when we bill the government are really not negotiated rates. They're rates that are provided in the fee schedule. Anytime that we deal with nongovernment payors, we typically have a negotiation. So I don't know that there are any lessons to be learned. The TC Grandfather was a long-standing provision of law that Congress opted to change. And, again, I think it reflects a broader movement in the marketplace, where the government fee-for-service environment is migrating more towards either direct relationships with other payors or towards managed government beneficiaries and dealing with them in a managed rather than a fee-for-service environment.
David P. King: I think that -- again, I think it's very early to try to think about what would happen as you move toward a more comprehensive, let's call it, ACO health system environment. But we negotiate with the payors, we negotiate with other providers who want to use our services. And I think that will continue to be, in 80% of our business, that will be the model. There will be negotiated rates of payment for services provided and for other services, like BeaconLBS or data analytics or population health management.
David P. King: Yes. Without giving you a lot of specifics, we have a testing platform that had reached its -- the expiration of kind of its natural life and is not going to be supported anymore. It's a sizable platform and we have to replace the instruments basically in all of our laboratories.
David P. King: Yes. I mean this is a 10-year-old system that just we need to upgrade. From a risk perspective, I don't think it entails an unusual amount of risk. We go through system replacements frequently and we do them on a rolling basis so that we don't disrupt workflow.
David P. King: Kevin, it's Dave. I don't think it benefits us to break down every single component of volume growth. So I will say that test per requisition is a slight help on a comparative 2012 to 2011 basis, but it's not -- it doesn't change from 3Q to 4Q. We have gotten some nice top line growth from Ariosa, which is the noninvasive prenatal screening test. But, again, that's what we do. We introduce new tests that are scientifically innovative, cutting-edge and provide better, and in this case, less invasive patient care. And so it's our expectation that, that's part of our growth over time.
David P. King: Well, I think, Adam has been terrific. But Adam is part of a very large team of people at LabCorp, who are working on enhancing our hospital presence. And I'm not going to call the names of every single one of them on the call. But we have a very robust hospital business already, and everybody's working to grow it. I think we've had very constructive discussions with a number of health systems, about a broad range of relationships, going from reference testing to lab management to joint operating and joint equity ventures. And we will continue to push forward with that initiative. And I expect it to pay significant benefits as we come out of 2013 and go into 2014 in terms of revenue and volume growth.
David P. King: The facility consolidation, by its nature, is time-consuming. It's not just a question of moving a facility from one place to another because we have instrumentation, we have interfaces, we have to make sure that the customers are receiving the same level of service. So there is opportunity around facilities. And I put that into 2 categories. One is planned consolidations for acquisitions, where we know that over time we have a plan to reduce or consolidate space. And the other is a comprehensive review of our existing footprint and what are ways in which we can deploy it better. And this, the particular investment that we spoke about in facility consolidation, falls under the latter category, where we're looking at our existing footprint and we are consolidating, we will be consolidating multiple facilities into 1 facility during 2013. And we will continue to look at that. Again, very hard to put a specific cost number on it, Kevin. But what I would say is without a lot of fanfare around here, every year we reduce costs by $45 million, $50 million. And that's just part of our business, it's part of what we do and it's going to continue to be part of what we do.
David P. King: A.J., it's Dave. It's a great question, and I wish there were a clear answer that we could give you. I think the way that the exchanges are going to operate is still very unclear. And so we have had many conversations with our managed care partners about how the exchanges are going to work. And I think they are as uncertain as we are. So I think that the best we can give you is we're in frequent and detailed discussions. But it's not clear what the outcome will be from a pricing or an offering perspective.
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. I think the share buyback has been an extremely important way of returning capital to shareholders. And I think, over time, we've done a very good job of doing it in a disciplined way that has created a lot of value. That's our goal. That's what we're going to continue to do. Beyond that, we are not going to guide to how we're going to do it structurally or otherwise other than to say that this is the way we return capital to shareholders, we're committed to it and we're going to continue to do that.
David P. King: Obviously, the major swing factors, Darren, on margin are volume, price and expenses. So how we do on volume will have an impact on where we end up in the margin range. The pricing that we believe that we will encounter in 2013 have an impact on that margin range. And the facility consolidation, the cost reductions that we've talked about, and of course, other cost reductions that we do on a regular basis, those are the 3 major factors. But I don't -- and I guess, actually the fourth thing is just the continued integration of acquisitions and the ability to reduce costs in MEDTOX and continue to reduce the cost base in Genzyme. Those are the major things that are incorporated in the guidance.
David P. King: No, I think what helped the business sequentially is that more people came to our patient service centers. I mean, we had a -- in our view, we had a strong organic volume growth in a quarter that typically is not one of our stronger growth quarters. So we're pleased with it. And I don't know that there's anything we can do to kind of break it down into bits and pieces.
David P. King: There's a -- whenever we switch out a testing platform, it is to improve technology. And in almost every case, it's to reduce expenses. And so in this case, the change in the testing platform will have both impacts, although obviously there is a capital component that comes back as an expense once it's deployed into service.
David P. King: No, we're not going to give any color on what platform it is. So it's 10:00, and I'm going to -- we're going to try to take a couple more questions. But let us please try to limit it to 1 question so that everybody has a chance.
David P. King: So Glen, it's Dave. I think, as I've mentioned and I'm not sure that I can say it in a different way from what I've said before, we have some opportunities around the acquisition integration. We have some opportunities around the consolidation of facilities. And we always are working on cost reductions across the organization, with SG&A this year being a prime example. So I can't really give you much more than what I've said before, which is these are the expense opportunities and the expense reduction opportunities that we're always looking at.
David P. King: I do think that the reduction in the technical component of 88305 will discourage physician in-sourcing because it becomes considerably less of a profit center. But again the impact, the reduction only occurred on January 1, so it's really too early to call it a trend.
David P. King: Yes. I think the Ariosa test will be a significant contributor, the noninvasive prenatal screening test. I think that we're going to continue to see some growth in specialized testing around hepatitis C as more of these compounds are successful and come to market and there are tests associated with the efficacy of the new compounds. I think that the next-generation sequencing and the cardio seq will continue to grow. I also think that even though it would not be described by itself as esoteric, I think that the chronic kidney, the cardiovascular, the bone, all of the services that we've launched through Litholink that help physicians manage patients will continue to see nice growth there. So there are a lot of things that obviously I have not mentioned, but those are probably some of the highlights for where we think we'll see growth in new tests in 2013.
David P. King: I think the reality is that most tests -- most new tests that we introduce are relatively specialized and meet needs of a certain physician community or a certain part of the clinical community. So for us, the hurdle rate is, is there an unmet need in the population, is this something that's going to be helpful to clinicians, will it give us the ability to better diagnose and treat disease? Obviously, we want to be financially successful with these tests, but it would be unrealistic to say there has to be a financial hurdle rate for everything that we launch.
David P. King: Thank you, Sean. Thank you, everyone, for attending our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call today, and we hope you have a great day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also provide our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended December 31, 2012, was $667.6 million. Free cash flow was below our expectations as a result of lower operating cash flow and higher capital spending. Operating cash flow was lower in part due to payment to certain key vendors to take advantage of favorable economics, as well as the negative impact due to weather. Also operating cash flow was reduced by a one-time out-of-period adjustment of $34 million related to a balance sheet reclassification between cash and accounts payable. Without this adjustment, 2012 operating cash flow would have been $875 million. Certain capital expenditures were made in the fourth quarter to take advantage of favorable economics. These factors are included in our 2013 guidance. DSO was 46 days at the end of December, a decrease of 2 days sequentially and flat year-over-year. During the quarter, our bad debt rate was 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 2.9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 2.8%. Organic volume increased 0.7% year-over-year, adjusted for the impact of inclement weather, which we estimate reduced volume growth by approximately 1% during the quarter. Revenue per requisition was essentially flat year-over-year. Third, margin. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 17.2% compared to 18.9% in the fourth quarter of 2012. We estimate that inclement weather lowered margin by approximately 80 basis points during the quarter. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of December, we had cash of $466.8 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $136 million of stock, representing 1.6 million shares. For the full year, we repurchased $516.4 million of stock, representing 5.9 million shares. At the end of December, $68 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. Further, as part of our updated capital allocation strategy that we announced last month, we will raise our leverage ratio to 2.5x debt to EBITDA over time. This strategy reflects our continued commitment to return capital to and create value for our shareholders through acquisitions and share repurchase. This morning, we announced our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth in the range of approximately 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization of $6.85 to $7.15, which includes a negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions, and which excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after December 31, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $870 million to $900 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $200 million to $220 million. Our capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Tom, it's Brad. I'd like to say a couple of things to answer your question. One is, obviously, we face the Medicare cuts that we described and you referred to. Secondly, we have some offset of those cuts from increases in payment from other payor types that are nongovernment. So there's one thing that helps to offset. We also have continued acquisition integration from Genzyme and some of the other acquisitions that we've done since that date that also help to offset. Given the 2% to 3% top line revenue guidance, we still think of it as a low organic growth environment, which is what I think keeps some of the positives from offsetting the negative from the payment reduction.
William B. Hayes: Not really. I mean, just the annualized impact of MEDTOX and some of the smaller ones that we did in 2012.
William B. Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. On the volume side, there's a significant contribution from MEDTOX. We had that for a full quarter in the fourth quarter as opposed to 2/3 of the quarter in the third. So that is a significant contributor. But still as we look beyond that, as we pointed out and Dave mentioned a second ago, too, adjusted for weather, because that was about 1 point drag on the volume growth, we still saw organic volume in the quarter of 0.7%. And sequentially, that is better than we saw in Q3 and any other quarter, I believe, of 2012. So on the volume side, a lot from MEDTOX but some organic there as well.
William B. Hayes: Yes. Ricky, this is Brad. Really, when we think about the weather impact, the only costs that are involved are our supply cost, the direct variable cost of the testing, as well as bad debt. So the supply cost would be in cost of goods, the bad debt would be in SG&A.
William B. Hayes: Gary, the $6.2 million is in the number for the amortization. And I think some things are rolling off. So generally, amortization is coming down as some things get fully amortized. But again since that's a number that we add back for our adjusted EPS in the way we guide and the way we report, it's interesting, but I don't think it affects our guidance or our results.
William B. Hayes: Yes. And the only thing I'll add to that not being exactly the way to extrapolate it is, as we do the acquisitions and there are adjustments to amortizations, as we get final valuations and things of that nature, those go into that line as well.
William B. Hayes: A.J., this is Brad. I think the major difference as we look at the $0.22 from Q3 and the $0.35 that we've updated now for our 2013 outlook is the 88305, which we did not know about at the time. The full impact -- the full year impact of the TC Grandfather change, which we did not consider in the $0.22 and a few other changes that are related to all the government changes and reductions in payment, and that is the difference.
William B. Hayes: A.J., it's Brad again. The biggest change I can think of that we see in that is mostly as a result of acquisition. So if I think about MEDTOX, for example, that's hitting in the client or direct to the company sort of billing, which is typically lower nature in price. I think beyond that, and some of the other things that we've done in the past few years, clinical trials-related, are also showing up in that same area. If I take those things away, I don't see a major shift going on between the payor mix schedules, especially on a year-over-year basis. We can see some variations in quarters and sequential views and things of that nature, but no real change in -- dramatic change in capitation or managed care fee-for-service patient, the other categories that come to mind.
William B. Hayes: Not specifically in working capital. I mean, I think about the other things related to earnings that we talked about. The payment reductions are obviously a headwind for the cash flow. And then just generally speaking, the growth environment. I think again back to our comments of most of the growth driven by the MEDTOX acquisition in '13 that's in our range, I think it's just the muted earnings growth environment and the payment reductions are the only thing that come to mind specifically and nothing really in the other areas of working capital.
William B. Hayes: It's excluded from both the EPS, so we don't project in our guidance at all any sort of restructuring activities. And therefore, it's also not considered for the cash flow guidance either.
William B. Hayes: No, I wouldn't want to estimate it because again it has a lot of things that it depends on as we execute on these things.
William B. Hayes: And Isaac, this is Brad. I would add that because of our standardization and the way we go about this from a supply chain perspective, we do the whole network at one time, not on the same day but we make the decision, and it applies to the entire network. It takes some time to roll it out. But we think by approaching it that way, we are able to get the best economics on those kinds of activities.
Amanda Murphy: So I had a question on some commentary you made about Beacon and some of the alternative models that you're looking at pursuing. Is there a way to think about that sort of at a high level in terms of how that might impact the P&L relative to your core lab business? Is there -- would it be lower margin or higher revenue? I'm just trying to think about how that would flow through the P&L specifically.
Amanda Murphy: Yes. I guess, I was -- the reason for the question was can we extrapolate anything from that to -- if the world moves more towards an ACO-type model, where the -- I guess, your customer becomes a provider versus the payor, is there anything that we can extrapolate from that experience? Or is it just too specific? That was really the point of the question, I suppose.
Amanda Murphy: Okay. Is that something to be -- from a risk standpoint, that could be an issue? Or is this just -- I'm sure you've counted [ph] these replacements before.
