John Ratliff: This is John. I think the RFP business is strong across the board, whether that's in early development, whether that's in the labs and whether that's in the late stage. So if you look at the pipelines, seeing strength, the biotech side as well as even on pharma side. And I do believe that the data side, the solutions side of LabCorp Covance is leading to gains in bookings and allowing us to win. Very proud of the 1.34 book-to-bill on the fourth quarter on a 606 basis and the 1.46 on the 605 kind of compared to the other CROs and how they report. So I do think that that's helping us win at the end of the day and, as Dave stated, helps on the entire site selection piece and solution side of our business.
John Ratliff: Well, you always see, as Glenn stated, a bit of seasonality fourth to first, as well as you'll have on the revenue side the foreign currency headwind against you. But in terms of the strength of fourth quarter, it was built on the LaunchPad actions, it was built on strong backlog, it was built on organic growth. We will see margin increases where projected, see margin increases in terms of full year 2019, and you'll see year-on-year improvement. But you will see 14% sequentially pull down for those reasons as well as just where the revenue feathers in based on where the backlog plays out in the mix of the businesses.
John Ratliff: This is John. It is still a mix of the FSP versus programmatic. There are companies that have embraced the FSP. I think we're stronger now in our capabilities there based on the Chiltern acquisition and adding into our monitoring FSP strength, the biometric FSP strength. But that mix of programmatic and FSP hasn't swung. I think that our capabilities have gotten much better in regard to that. In terms of the biotech versus large pharma, obviously, if you look out there in terms of research, the majority of the molecule developments in the biotech, it was a healthy environment in terms of VC side and funding side. And in terms of strength of the pipeline, the strength is in both sides in terms of the biotech and the large pharma. And there's been no increase in cancellations across that. Right now, you have to say the RFP volume is pretty robust in that area. And then as to the data as the differentiator and that for patient recruitment and site selection, that plays into the total solution for the company. It's also -- as I've said on these calls, it is data. It is about strategy protocol optimization. That is also on the team that you put in front. Those are all equal weightings. I would say that data as a differentiator resonates in both environments, whether that's on the large or the mid-tier small. And so there really is no delineation there between the two. It's pronounced in all areas as well as what Dave talked about. Showing the data, reducing time lines in the actual trials is across all the therapeutic areas, and demonstration of that is in biotechs as well as large.
John Ratliff: Yes. We saw strength in the second half in terms of both on the early development and the late stage and, in the first half, on the labs in terms of the revenues and strength across the board on all the bookings. We don't give out the individual segments in terms of the quantification, but in terms of, yes, continued strength in the ED areas as well as even on the late-stage clinical on the growth within the 9%.
John Ratliff: In terms of the -- and I'll try to do this in a little bit different quantification of the backlog itself. Highly dependent on the type of therapeutic area you're in, we are almost approximately 50% in terms of oncology, and rare and orphan has a little different draw out in terms of the way that revenue conversion has. It's a volatile measure that seems to have stabilized. Glenn actually stated that about 40% of our aggregate backlog should convert. That's been pretty consistent in terms of the last four quarters. And then as we enter into 2019, about 85% of our revenue estimates are covered by that backlog. So hopefully, that's helpful there.
John Ratliff: No, won't see ending partnership and continued very good relationships, and contracts come up in normal course and no issues presently in the relationship.
John Ratliff: No. That's been the way for the last few years on the risk side. And as to pricing in general, it's a competitive marketplace in terms of the late-stage and in terms of the labs, but -- from the standpoint of pretty stable in the early development side. And in terms of aggregate risk-based pricing, that's been a feature of what we've been doing for a while based on milestones, et cetera.
David King: Yes. Ross, it's Dave. So we've been very disciplined acquirers, and we will continue to be disciplined acquirers. We look at every potential acquisition based on our strategic criteria and our financial criteria. We did a couple of tuck-in lab deals last year, and we did the Sciformix deal, which was a very important complement to the Covance market access business. So we're going to continue to look at attractive opportunities but, again, in a disciplined way and recognizing that, in our view, with the stock undervalued, that we get a very high return from deploying capital toward share repurchase.
David King: So a couple of things on the hospital referrals. We did see, as we stated when we revised the guidance, a falloff in the beginning part of 4Q. I'm pleased to report that we saw improvement in December, and for the quarter, the referral business stabilized and started to grow again. And built into our guidance is that, that business is going to be consistent through the year. I'd also just like to highlight, for a variety of, I think, market dynamics, health systems are increasingly looking at ways to partner. And we have a number of ongoing and, I think, interesting partnership discussions that we hope will ultimately turn out to be productive. Again, the combination of LabCorp's capabilities, breadth of test menu and quality of service, with the Covance piece of trial recruitment, trial enrollment and the site partnership strategy, really is an attractive differentiator when we speak to these health systems.
David King: Yes. Jack, it's Dave again. So as we've said all along, the market survey that was done to support the PAMA cuts was fundamentally flawed. And so the rate reductions that were imposed on us by -- for fee-for-service Medicare were far in excess of what would have been required to bring the payment rates to market. The knock-on effect of that, which is the approximately $2 million that we called out -- that Glenn called out in his prepared comments is basically Medicaid plans, both fee-for-service and managed Medicaid, reducing their rates consistent with the Medicare reductions. This was not anticipated as part of the PAMA statute. It was not contained within the statutory language, which specifically applied to Medicare. But it has exacerbated the impact of PAMA obviously both this year, that is '18, and next year, '19. And so the straight Medicare fee-for-service cut is about the 10% that we had projected. And Glenn gave you that number in the prepared comments. But the knock-on effect is almost entirely the Medicaid plans following suit in terms of administratively reducing rates. These are not negotiated rate decreases.
David King: It's Dave. I don't believe that the PAMA cuts directly other than the $30 million that I just mentioned related to the Medicaid plans have bled over into the managed care negotiations. Most of the managed care payers begin a contract negotiation by asking for reductions. But to my knowledge and speaking with the team, there's no -- none of this is referenced, because of PAMA, X should happen. And we've been pleased with the pricing on the managed care renewals. We did just conclude the renewal of the Humana contract, the extension and renewal of the Humana contract. So basically, all of the big contracts are off the table for the foreseeable future. And we're pleased about having some certainty in how managed care is going to shape up over the next couple of years.
David King: Yes. Lisa, it's Dave. I would say, obviously, we've said this many times, when you look at the size of United compared to the size of Aetna, we're going to end up from a volume perspective on the negative side of the equation. And obviously, putting Horizon into that and some projected losses in Horizon make that even more apparent. However, as Glenn said, our business grows rough. And it grows because of the demographics. It grows because of the aging population. It grows because of new tests coming to market. It grows because of share shifts and share gains within the market. And so we feel very confident that there will be organic growth next year as there was this year, 1.8% for the full year of '18. We feel confident there will be organic growth in '19. It will just be muted by the net impact of the managed care shifts.
David King: Yes. Just to be clear, the 125 will be by the end of the -- of '19. But what I can say on -- we opened a number of new patient service centers in California inside Walgreens. We track the daily and weekly volumes. They have been consistent and growing, and the Net Promoter Scores and customer satisfaction rates -- we take immediate real-time surveys from patients either from the kiosk or through their mobile devices, have been very favorable. So in terms of volumes from other patient service centers, when we actually relocate a patient service center into a Walgreens, what we typically see is quite comparable volume. When we add -- or even better volume. When we add a Walgreens to complement an existing patient service center, we, of course, would typically see lower volumes at the beginning.
David King: It's Dave. There have not been any surprises in the way that it's rolled out. As I said throughout the fourth quarter, our expectation was there would be -- the losses would be relatively early. And as I commented -- and again, I want to make clear, we commented only because of heightened market concern about the contract changes, and we're not going to start a policy of commenting about performance within the quarter. But with that caveat, as I commented, January volumes were basically -- for those contracts were basically riding expectations. So we're pleased actually with our performance in January with respect to those contracts as well as with our -- the accuracy to this point of our estimates.
David King: Yes. Patrick, it's Dave. So one thing that I think -- I mean, we've talked about LaunchPad. That will certainly be part of the 2019 plan. And that will involve some substantial cost reductions. Just looking at $200 million over 3 years, obviously, the math is pretty straightforward. I just would like to comment separately from that. We did in the fourth quarter, as we talked about when we revised the guidance, have the experience of having staffed up pretty heavily for what we expected to be a very strong seasonal trend in the consumer genetics business, which, as we said, did not materialize. And so we started taking those cost reduction actions in the fourth quarter. But by the time we were fully aware of the trend, it was late enough in the quarter that you can actually see the impact of most of those actions in the first quarter of '19. So there are a variety of levers, from personnel to facilities to all the things I've talked about in the prepared comments on LaunchPad, that I think will affect margin performance in '19. Having said that, as we have repeatedly said, we do expect Diagnostics margins to be down in 2019 because of the combination of PAMA and the managed care changes, but we do not expect them to be down as much as they were down in 2018. So we expect the margin performance to be better in 2019 in terms of the relative decline.
David King: Yes. Obviously, what we have to go on is projections we receive from our customers, but our plan contemplates 23andMe basically being relatively flat year-on-year. So the potential is that they do better, but we feel comfortable with what we've mapped into the -- into our budget.
David King: Yes. Thanks, Ralph. So I would start by saying that report was really quite unfortunately erroneous on multiple dimensions. So what -- if we go back to pre-PAMA, CMS -- there are automated chemistry panels that are defined by CMS that have a certain number of chemistry components. Let's just make up that you order an automated chemistry panel that has 8 components, and it bundles to a particular CPT code and price. Pre the change for PAMA, if you were 6 chemistries or 7 chemistries, that is short of the total in the panel, CMS would use bundling logic to bundle those together and pay you with the panel rate. So you actually were paid less for 6 chemistries than you would have been paid initially. That was a CMS -- that was CMS bundling logic. When PAMA was passed and went to market-based reimbursement, the market did not use that sort of bundling logic. And so what happened is PAMA -- sorry, CMS no longer bundled those panels because that is what the market does, and PAMA was supposed to be a market rate of payment. So there is no loophole. There is no labs doing anything nefarious. This is exactly what the statute told CMS to do. And the labs, and we submitted data to Sen. Grassley's office -- ACLA did, demonstrating that the labs are continuing to follow the bundling rules exactly as the bundling rules are laid out, which is that if all the components of a panel are ordered, you bundle and you build under that bundle. Furthermore, CMS has back-end logic that says if 8 chemistry tests are ordered, it bundles into the 8-chemistry test panel. So it's a little bit of a mystery to me how this has even become an issue, much less with these, as you mentioned, grossly exaggerated overpayment numbers. In fact, I think the GAO report had a potential overpayment number bigger than the entire Medicare lab spend. So this is just a -- this is a very unfortunate misunderstanding, which ACLA and the industry are educating both Congress and the GAO on. Unfortunately, it's created a distraction about the outsized and excessive impact of the PAMA cuts, which we talked about earlier, both from a Medicare perspective and now with the follow-on Medicaid. So I hope that's helpful, Ralph, and I apologize it was a little long, but I do think it's important that this be well understood as this is what the PAMA statute called for, and it's the implementation of the market-based payment rules.
David King: Yes. I think a lot of the partnership discussions, as we've talked about, are focusing on benefit design, participants in the network, value-based payment rates. And so particularly, things like benefit design and how the network benefits and minimizing the use of out-of-network utilization, there are changes that need to be made by the payers and by ASO employers in benefit design. So I think those changes are going to start to be made in 2019 for the 2020 selling season, but I think you'll start to see the impact really next year.
David King: So in speaking to customers, really, the big drivers were lower admission rates and delayed flu season. I mean, those -- at least as far as we were able to tell from speaking with the customers, they were seeing similar -- yes, they were seeing similar trends in admission rate and calendar rate, bed rate, and we did have a delay in flu. So I wish I had a lot more color on it, but that was the high-level takeaway from our customers.
David King: Well, I think it's pretty well known that the major remaining exclusive is the Florida Blue contract that we are not a participant in. And we have been engaged in conversations with Florida Blue on a number of fronts. We have Walgreens-located patient service centers in the Florida market. So we're hopeful that we're going to see some progress there, but I can't give you a firm prediction about how it's going to turn out. We've been pleased with the fact that they've been willing to engage with us because we've been out of that contract for a good number of years.
David King: And Kevin, it's Dave. I just want to stress, financially disciplined acquisitions. So no, we're not just going to go spend money on acquisitions that don't make sense strategically and financially. And I'd also like to comment, thank you for giving the warning, so it's 5 after 10. We do have 5 questions in the queue, so we'd like to get to all of them. Let's try if we can to make the questions short and limit the follow-ups, particularly if your questions have already been answered.
David King: So obviously, the expanded data collection is not the solution to the flaws of PAMA, but at least it is an improvement, and then we'll see more commercial hospital rates in the database. And we appreciate CMS being willing to take that step, although as we've said all along, legislative or regulatory or judicial relief is required to right the wrong that's occurred here. I think in terms of what's going to happen, there's another data collection that's supposed to be beginning relatively soon for the next 3-year period. And good news is most of the impact of the reductions will have occurred in the '18, '19, '20 cycle. And so at the same time, there's another reduction coming in 2020, and it will have a similar -- an impact of similar size this year. And that's going to increasingly, I think, cause others in the industry to look at partnering or other ways in which they can optimize the cost side of their business because the revenue side, particularly for those that are more dependent on Medicare, now Medicaid payment, is going to be under pressure. So I think there will be opportunities for us. And as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, some of those with health systems have accelerated last year. As you observed, it was a pretty light year for deal flow in terms of what we thought were attractive deals, but there's every reason to think that particularly, the smaller deals, there'll be more of them in 2019 than one would think in 2020.
David King: No, Bill. The pricing is lower than corporate average, but the margin is comfortably within the -- our corporate expectations.
David King: Yes. Mark, I think consistent with what I said in response to Bill's question, I do think the awareness of PAMA is higher, and we indicated that in the prepared remarks as well. And I do think it will, in all likelihood, lead to a more robust deal flow in '19 and '20.
David King: Yes. Obviously, the noncoverage of NIPT by a couple of major players is quite frustrating, particularly because the recent scientific and clinical evidence indicates that actually, a fairly high percentage of women of so-called average maternal risk nonetheless have microdeletions or other things that would be concerning in terms of the genetic impact on their fetuses, as well as recent papers indicating that there's actually a higher-than-previously reported prevalence of Down syndrome in so-called average-risk pregnancy. So we are working with ACLA, we're working with our coalition of providers that offer noninvasive prenatal testing. And we're working with women members of Congress to try to influence the coverage decisions by the major plans and, of course, the ACOG and ACMG and the thought leader groups as well. And I think the -- certainly, among the thought leaders, the tide is turning in support of prenatal screening for the average-risk population. And it's our hope that, that will persuade the payers that this is indeed a better approach and also a more cost-effective approach to prenatal screening.
David King: Thank you very much. Thank you all for listening this morning. I also want to add my personal thanks to Scott Frommer, who's really done a terrific job in Investor Relations over the past years. And although we will miss him, we are thrilled to have Clarissa who came to us from the CFO role with PAML to step into his place. So we wish Scott all the best in the diagnostic role where he'll continue to be reporting to me, just in a different iteration, and welcome Clarissa. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Appreciate your continued interest in the company and look forward to updating you over the quarters ahead. Good day.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Lisa, this is Glenn. I'll start, and Dave may provide some color. When you look at the guidance that we've given, we did talk about organic volume for '19 to be flat to slightly down. But as you commented on, the rationale for that is that the impact of the managed care contracts was going to be a net negative on organic volume. And if you think about, historically, we've been roughly a 1% to 2% kind of organic volume growth, and we really don't see that changing with the expectation of -- or with the exception of the -- just with the changes from the managed care side.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing to -- Patrick, I'd add to that is just there were also some unusual items that negatively impacted the Diagnostics margin year-on-year in '18 versus '17 that we've talked about earlier, from the business disruption that we had, the unfavorable weather obviously that we would not forecast for the business in the future, the fact that we had an extra payroll day and also the impact of the divestitures of our forensics business. All 4 of those that were, call it, a negative impact on margins within Diagnostics in 2018 will not be in 2019. So again, to Dave's point, we'll still see the margins decline because of the incremental impact of PAMA and the managed care but offset by LaunchPad, offset by not having these recurring items as well as we do believe favorable mix and the potential for tuck-in acquisitions as well.
Glenn Eisenberg: It's the one area obviously we didn't provide a quantitative number to, just given the newness of it. And obviously, we're dealing with these kind of operational issues for the company. The way we try to get you, at least directionally there, and I think that -- the number you're saying is directionally there, but -- was that our organic volume would be flat. And given that historically we've been a 1% to 2% kind of organic volume growth business, it's fair to assume that that's the reason why we're flat instead of that other level. So we've kind of given you at least a band, which your number clearly falls well within. So it's a reasonable way of thinking about it.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Kevin. Yes, first, on the fourth quarter free cash flow payables, as you did see, was a source. Obviously, it's timing related. Fourth quarter, we tend to see the payable number to be a source. But I would just say more broadly, we really feel good about the progress that we've made overall on working capital management. We continue to manage cash tightly. We continue to see and saw in 2018 a continued improvement in our DSOs as well as a continued expectation when we look to the expectations for 2019, continued progress there. So overall, positive on the working capital front. With regard to the outlook for free cash flow next year, the $1 billion, we commented that the balance sheet now is within our targeted leverage, albeit at the upper end. We do expect that we will use all of our free cash flow between share repurchases as well as acquisitions, so that -- obviously, it's implying that we'll stay towards the upper end of our guidance range. But the benefit, as we have no maturing debt, we can continue to take advantage of the share repurchase program, especially where the shares are valued, and as well as have the financial flexibility to look at M&A where that makes sense.
