David P. King: Thank you, Clinton. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2013 financial results, update our 2013 guidance, discuss the payment landscape, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: No. We haven't quantified it specifically,, in large part because our hope is we'll see continued improvement. So I'm just not prepared to do that right now.
David P. King: I think we feel that if the issues are worked out, we have the opportunity to recoup the payments that we -- that have been delayed.
David P. King: I think some of it would be resolved by the end of the year and some of it will go over into next year. There are multiple payors, multiple issues, it's a complex discussion. We've had a terrific team working on it from our side and we've had great collaboration in terms of the payors being willing to listen to us and try to work with us, but I don't think it's realistic to think we'll get it all resolved in the next couple of months.
David P. King: I'm not going to speculate on things like taking share. I'm going to tell you that I think our volume experience is based on exceptional operational focus and execution. We have a terrific team of senior leaders in this company, starting from the men and women who run the operating divisions, going down through the sales leadership, going down to the sales force feet on the street. And we have been talking to them throughout 2013 about the importance of growth. And what you're seeing is just excellent execution, excellent blocking and tackling on a day-to-day basis in every aspect of our business, and that's where the volume is coming from.
David P. King: I think the utilization environment has improved. I think some of the initiatives that we've put in place, particularly around things like our wellness testing, are bearing fruit. And again, I think we are focusing on the growth opportunities. And with everybody's shoulder to the wheel on the operational team, we're performing very well.
David P. King: I think we are always open to acquisitions. And acquisitions have historically been an important part of the first pillar of our strategy, based both on the ability to expand our test menu and on the ability to expand our footprint. So we're open to the opportunity to make any acquisition that will benefit our long-term strategy. The key factors are: is the asset attractive, is it strategic for us and is the valuation appropriate. And within those parameters, we would consider whatever came along that would be interesting to us.
David P. King: Well, target range in terms of size, as we have historically mentioned, we think about -- in a typical year, or I should say in kind of a -- over a typical period of years, that half of our free cash flow goes to acquisitions and half of it goes to share repurchase. Obviously, we have done some sizable transactions in the past. We are proud of -- and our investment-grade credit rating, we think it remains important in this environment. And it's always something that we take into consideration when we think about transactions.
David P. King: Well, Bill, with Baroma, it's the parent company of Medicare Shared Savings ACO. There is an economic component. I'm not prepared to discuss it separately, but I think it's an economic component that will be rewarding both for us and for Baroma. And with BeaconLBS, again, as we said, we've -- BeaconLBS has signed the contract with United. Implementation will be in 2014 and we'll give updates as we get closer to the implementation date in terms of what that entails and what it means. But again, we see the opportunity to benefit physicians, patients and employer groups in the administration of lab services in that market.
David P. King: It's a big day for questions about market share, isn't it, Lisa? We have some assessment of what we think the market is and what we think the opportunity is. And I don't think it benefits anybody to -- well, I don't think it benefits us to kind of go into a lot of detail about that. Let me just say that I think there is a desire in the market for alternatives. We are very focused on not only the validation of this test, but particularly, the ability to call the variance of unknown significance. The genetic counselors provide us with, I think, a substantial differentiation in the marketplace, and we have not only the largest, but I think the best, terrific team of genetic counselors to support our reproductive genetic works. So I think there will be the opportunity to make a substantial impact in that market and we look forward to the launch of the test when we're satisfied that we're ready.
David P. King: So far, I don't think we're being asked to contract separately for the exchanges. There has been a lot of talk about the narrowing of networks, but I think this is very much a work in process and I think 2014 will be the year of learning for all of us about the exchanges. I mean, I was certainly reviewing some of the exchange literature recently. And for example, the -- some of the bronze plans have no out-of-network benefit except for emergency room services. The silver and gold plans have higher benefits, which suggest broader networks. So I just really think this is going to be a learning experience for us and for everybody else during 2014. And I think it would be very hard to talk specifically about expectations, but we are committed through our partners to serving the exchanges and look at that in the long term, certainly, as an opportunity for further growth.
David P. King: Absolutely. I mean, we're going to have more patients who have coverage, we're going to have fewer uninsured. And we think in -- at LabCorp, about driving innovation across scale, driving opportunity across scale and driving growth across scale. And so more people with insurance coverage gives us more opportunity to grow.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. I think it's too early to talk about how we would address the problem if we ended up being told, "You're just not going to get paid for this," because I'm not prepared to concede at this point that we're not going to get paid. So as I said on the last quarter call and repeated on this call, I would hate to see patients deprived of needed services based on payment policies that are contrary to standards of care and contrary to historic payment policies. And I would hate to see labs put in the position of having to decide whether to perform those services or not. But to go back to Bill's question, we perform the test, we incur the expense, we realize no revenue, that puts us in a difficult situation as well. So it's too early to say definitively how we would address that, but I will say I think it's very important for payors to realize the implications of these decisions and to reconsider whether this is really the outcome that they want for their patients.
David P. King: Well, I think I have said 4% to 6% top line growth, so there's -- so some of that's revenue, some of that's organic volume, some of that potentially is acquisition volume, Kevin. But my answer is we had a nice quarter from a revenue and a volume perspective here. We had the pricing issues that I think everybody pretty much knew about. But it does give me greater optimism that we're returning to a time in which we would see better top line industry growth. Now as I said before, I think 2014 is going to be a learning year for everybody because of the implementation of the ACA, the exchanges, the challenges that have -- people have experienced so far in signing up for the public exchanges. So I think it's going to be wait-and-see for 2014. But I think we're going to see continued improvement in trends and that -- the center point is lab services are vital to the health care system. They're a fraction of the cost at 2%. They -- the lab values are 50% of the data elements in patient's electronic health records. And our industry is going to continue to be a vital contributor to the improvement of health care in the U.S. And that, to me, implies that we will see top line growth.
David P. King: I don't think we're prepared to talk about pricing at this point because, obviously, that's a discussion with payors. But I certainly think there is increasing evidence about the value of assessing tumors through next-generation sequencing methodology. I think that our outstanding team of clinicians and scientists has focused on not what's the broadest spectrum that we could test, but what are the key things, the key genes that need to be looked at and the key items within the tumor that need to be evaluated. And in that context, have, as I mentioned, selected these 50 APA genes and tumor-suppressor genes or approximately 50 APA genes and tumor select -- suppressor genes to look at 2,700 important and powerful mutations. So this is our -- this will be our initial launch. We will continue to add content and services. Again, I go back to our genetic counselors, I go back to the number of tests that we perform and the size of the databases that we bring to bear. And I think LabCorp has a very, very important role to play in better diagnosis and treatment of complex cancer.
David P. King: I agree with your view. I mean, I think it'll -- I think this will be -- these are complex and sophisticated tests. They require a high degree of specialization, and so I think the centralized scale reference laboratory is going to be the obvious place to perform them. I also think that the ability to interpret and deliver the content is going to be absolutely critical, and you're going to need to see enough of these to be able to develop a robust database and robust content. And again, I think we're in an excellent position to do that.
David P. King: On the OPPS proposal, ACLA and a number of other groups have met with CMS and expressed our views. In addition, a letter went to CMS from -- signed by 115 congressmen. There is a similar letter that is, I believe, being circulated in the Senate or has been sent already, signed by 36 senators, asking CMS to withdraw the proposal. So I think there's been a very, very solid effort to identify the policy issues that, we believe, are not correctly stated within the proposed rule. And I think the fact that 115 members of Congress and 36 senators have agreed with us and signed a letter asking to withdraw the proposal is evidence that we've made substantial progress on that front. In terms of the clinical lab fee schedule proposal, as mentioned previously, the government has been shut down for the last couple of weeks. There are a large number of proposals circulating, and ACLA and the laboratory industry continue to be very, very much involved in trying to shape the discussion about the future of the clinical lab fee schedule.
David P. King: Yes, Bob, we have made a number of investments over time and we'll continue to make them. We look at opportunities that we think are interesting from a technological perspective, opportunities that we think are interesting from a testing perspective and opportunities that we think are attractive from a strategic perspective. So we've had -- like most investors, we've had some successes and some failures. We had a couple of nice successes recently, and this will continue to be an important part of our strategy as we think about how we stay abreast of what's going on in the market.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I mean, I would say that health systems acquiring physicians is a continuing trend. I do think it's diminishing in the sense that a lot of those deals have been done and health systems are now trying to figure out exactly what they're going to do now that they've acquired these practices, and the doctors are trying to figure out what they're going to do. Physician in-sourcing continues to be a -- particularly around pathology, continues to be a theme. Again, I think the most significant part of that has abated, but it's still out there in the marketplace. TC Grandfather, in my mind, is done. It happened. We've absorbed the impact and we've moved on.
David P. King: Yes, I think it is. I mean, we don't launch esoteric tests because they're esoteric or because of their price point. We launch them because they are clinically relevant and medically necessary. Certainly, there's the opportunity to see benefit from the mix there. As Brad mentioned, the wellness and pain management testing, while we still get a very nice margin from that testing, on a pure price perspective, is lower than our overall book. And the reductions that we've received from the government are pretty much unprecedented and that has a major impact on revenue per requisition, as well as on margin. So there are many puts and takes to pricing, and positive mix certainly is one of those things that is an opportunity in the mid to longer term.
David P. King: Yes, I think as I said in the prepared remarks and said in response to an earlier question, M&A and acquisitions are going to be, I think, important for us going forward.
David P. King: Tom, we don't talk about volumes within the quarter or trends within the quarter, so I'm not in a position to respond to that.
David P. King: I think it'll be a blend. I mean, when we talk about the knowledge strategy and creating knowledge for health care stakeholders, that's how we think about the way that we can diversify revenue as, again, things like the Baroma relationship and BeaconLBS and other tools that we're developing. So I don't think about that as going out and buying non-lab assets for the purpose of diversifying revenue. Because one of the things I think we're good at is running laboratories and be careful about buying things that we're not good at just so we can get away from our traditional mix. Having said that, I look 5 years down the road and we certainly will be a more global company, we need to be. I mean, it's a global world and health care is a global business, and so we need to figure out how to participate more broadly in international markets. I don't foresee a big acquisition there but I foresee -- we do business in 40 countries today. I see the opportunity to expand that presence. And continuing to look for strategic opportunities within our own markets will be a very important part of long-term growth for us.
David P. King: I think there's a broad range of offerings for health systems, ranging from acquisition at the one end to JVs at the other end. I think health systems are becoming increasingly focused on what the financial characteristics of the laboratory are, particularly the capital needs required there and the space needs and how they can potentially deploy those assets more effectively within their core competencies. That means some will sell, some will ask us to manage their laboratories, some will just want to send us reference work. I agree with you, Darren. I think JVs with large health systems are complex, but that doesn't mean they can't be done, we have several. So from our perspective, it's the broadest -- the willingness to participate in the broadest range of potential offerings, the willingness to do what makes the most sense to the health system in terms of optimizing its ability to provide the highest quality lab services at the most effective cost.
David P. King: Well, when I started 7 years ago, I'm sure everyone can remember that I was very, very optimistic about how the health system would -- how lab work would migrate from hospitals to independent labs. And 7 years later, I've relearned one of the great truths of health care, which is everything takes a lot longer than we think it will. So I just -- we're having constructive conversations. Hospitals and health systems are more capital constrained. They're seeing reimbursement come down. They, too, have been cut significantly by the government over the last 2-year cycle. And we're just going to continue to press ahead with this strategic focus. And ultimately, I think there's great opportunity for growth there.
David P. King: We've said that we expect implementation in the latter part of 2014, and that's what we're going to say right now. And we'll provide you with further information over the next several quarters. So 2 minutes past the top of the hour here and we'd like to try to take everybody's questions. We do want wrap up though. So please, let's try to ask questions that haven't been asked and answered already and let's be brief.
David P. King: It's Dave. So we have, in the past, had partnering relationships with a number of the in-store clinics. They're not economically very productive for us. The testing menu is extremely limited, the demand for when you come pick up specimens is high. And you end up sending a courier at an odd hour to pick up one specimen. It just -- that model is not a -- the in-store clinic model is an acute -- to me, is a model of you take care of an acute problem like an earache or a flu shot or something. It's not really like even an urgent care clinic, where there's a significant number of blood draws. With respect to Walgreens, my understanding is that what they're doing in this pilot, at least in the one store, is they're just going to have a phlebotomist there who's going to draw blood and send it to a reference lab, just like we do. And again, I think from the perspective of convenience, accuracy, cost, I still think that the reference lab model, in the long run, is going to be the most successful. So we're always aware of what others are doing and have interesting innovations, and we'll continue to watch this closely.
David P. King: Thank you very much. Thank you, Clinton. In closing here today, obviously, we had a significant announcement about Brad's retirement. And I was reflecting with him yesterday afternoon, it's really a sad day for me. I remember what I first met Brad, and I think it was 1996, and since then, we have worked together on a professional and a personal level in an extraordinary way. Brad has been a phenomenal contributor to this company and to our industry in a period of great transformation. He was the head of billing here. When he came here, bad debt was 11%. We literally were struggling to get the bills out the door. And what we've accomplished with his leadership under -- as head of billing and as Chief Financial Officer when Wes stepped down is really exceptional. So I don't say this about a lot of people at LabCorp but Brad has been a stalwart here. And I know I speak for the whole team in saying we will really, really miss him deeply and wish him and his family well. And with that, we thank you for listening to our call and wish you a great day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid, although year-to-date, it continued to be impacted by delays in payment and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2013 were $620.2 million. DSO at the end of September was 50 days, which was flat sequentially and remains elevated due to our experience with the molecular pathology codes to which I just referred, increased utilization by uninsured patients and increased patient billing due to plan design changes. During the quarter, our bad debt remained 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 3% year-over-year in the third quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 5.1%. Organic volume increased approximately 2% year-over-year, primarily from our toxicology business. Revenue per requisition decreased to 1.9% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition decreased year-over-year due largely to previously discussed government payment reductions, payment issues related to molecular pathology codes and strong growth in our toxicology business. Third, margin. For the third quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 17% compared to 18.2% in the third quarter of 2012. Margins were negatively affected by Medicare payment reductions, delays and denials of coverage by some payors after the implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes and the implementation of sequestration on April 1. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of September, we had cash of $174.1 million and $372 million of borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the third quarter, we repurchased $288 million of stock, representing 2.9 million shares. During the first 9 months of 2013, the company repurchased $763.9 million of stock, representing 7.9 million shares. At the end of September, $304 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase activity during the third quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. This morning, we announced that LabCorp's Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of approximately 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, of $6.95 to $7.05; operating cash flow of approximately $825 million to $850 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $210 million. The guidance includes the negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions. In addition, the guidance includes the negative impact of molecular pathology payment issues, which is not included in the $0.35 that I just mentioned. The guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after September 30, 2013. The company's capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and the replacement of a major testing platform. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Bill, this is Brad. That's a correct understanding. I mean, given the situation and the uncertainty, we have recorded reserves against that revenue based on what we think we're ultimately going to collect, but a lot of that has a pessimistic view on it, given what we've heard recently. But we continue to work with payors, as Dave said, in a very focused way. And it is payor-by-payor to get a more favorable outcome of the initial reactions. I would say that, generally speaking, and again it's different for every payor, but generally speaking, the updates that I get on a very regular basis suggest that a number of payors are still being educated on exactly what the change was. So even though we're in October of this year, we're still spending a lot of time educating payors on what happened, what was it like last year, what is it like this year, and are working to have that turn in our favor.
William B. Hayes: Kevin, this is Brad. Obviously, we've followed that situation closely. We are partners in the private lab that's already in Alberta that has part of that work today. So there is an opportunity for that work to grow based on that proposal that's out there.
William B. Hayes: Yes, we're not sharing exactly those specifics, but it's obviously one of the categories. I mean, the government reductions are probably one significant component, the MoPath issues that we talk about. And then the third is the one you mentioned, that's the growth of business that's roughly half of the average-price business, so it's obviously a large moving part.
William B. Hayes: Gary, I don't have that in front of me but it's not a lot. I think year-to-date, it's $100 million. I think in the third quarter, it was very small.
William B. Hayes: Yes, because you'd get the full impact of the ones that we bought in any quarter. That would bring down the share count in a subsequent quarter by being fully outstanding for that amount of time.
William B. Hayes: I don't have that raw off the top of my head. But I mean, if we'd just kind of use a half-quarter convention, you could think that what we bought in the third quarter was half outstanding in the third and would be fully outstanding in the fourth.
William B. Hayes: Glen, it's Brad. For the reasons that we mentioned in the call that relate to revenue per requisition, as well as price, when we look through what's going on with the margins, those are the major drivers. So very much the reductions revenue, reductions that we've talked about, are the culprit there. And as Dave mentioned earlier, as we think about the opportunity over time, I mean, it has been a reimbursement challenge, as you know, for the reasons that we've mentioned. But we continue to believe that the margin characteristics of the business are attractive going forward, from driving standardization and innovation over our scale. So bumpy time from the reimbursement perspective, but it's there.
William B. Hayes: I think, again, it definitely relates to the reimbursement environment. But from a leverage and the cost perspective, I mean, we have the variable costs of the reagents and the supplies that we use. But our infrastructure is still there and visiting lots of accounts and picking up samples every day. So I think to the extent that can organically grow, there's a tremendous amount of leverage that's there.
