David P. King: So, I think that part of the conversation is in anticipation of the potential impact of PAMA. I think part of the conversation is some uncertainty around generally regulatory reform, how much of the bundled payment demonstrations and other things that CMS has been doing, are going to continue and what form they'll take. And, yes, to your specific question, I think as we talk with our managed care partners, there is more and more of a push toward what they broadly characterize as value-based payment. And value-based payment includes bundled payments. It includes pay for outcomes. It includes pay for adherence to metrics. And I think a lot of hospitals and health systems are focused on what are our core competencies in delivering value-based care and where can we partner to gain those competencies elsewhere. And I think in Diagnostics, laboratory services and drug development obviously are our competencies or our – and capabilities are industry-leading. So, I think it's a combination of things, but I do think the environment obviously is changing and that's to our benefit and a lot of it is the long-term play that we've been doing about how these partnerships take shape and what the value is over the long term.
David P. King: Bob, good morning. On the acquisitions, so, obviously, let me start by saying, not going to speak about any rumors for specific deals, but I think it's a good question, how do we look at acquisitions broadly. So, first of all, there's a very healthy pipeline in both segments, and I think it's important to emphasize for analysts and investors that we try to look at everything that may be relevant to us. So I think people would be surprised, the number of transactions that we look at that we end up not being interested in, and I think that's important to say because obviously there has been a rumor out that we're looking at something, and it was in the newspaper and people should recognize that we look at a lot of things, and we end up passing on most of them because they don't fit. So, what's the question about how things fit? Let me start with the framework and go back to the presentation that we made at JPMorgan in which we highlighted that one of our pre-2017 priorities was to reinitiate return of capital to shareholders. And as Glenn said, we started that in 4Q of 2016 and our plan is to continue that. Our philosophy around M&A is that there are sort of four fundamentals: One, it has to be a strategic fit. That may be geographic, that may be complementing test menu or capabilities, but the transaction has to fit our well articulated long-term strategy. Second, it has to meet financial metrics, so IRR, return on invested capital, multiples, synergy opportunities, these are things that are a very important part of how we think about acquisitions. Third, it has to create or present a future growth opportunity. So, as we've highlighted with Sequenom, even though it didn't meet all of our metrics out of the gate, the future growth opportunity in women's health and non-invasive prenatal testing where we're now the market leader, and the opportunity to add capabilities to Sequenom's platform was a very important consideration. So we think about how is that acquisition potentially going to help us grow in the long term. And then fourth, of course, is EPS accretion. We fundamentally want these deals to be immediately accretive but we certainly think about them being accretive over time as an important consideration. And then the last thing I would comment just broadly is, as a general composition, before Covance, our approach was after CapEx and investment in the business, we spend about half our free cash flow on acquisitions and we spend about half of it on returning capital to shareholders and you should continue to think about that as our fundamental philosophy of how we deploy cash in the business.
David P. King: Bill, it's Dave. As you know, the guidance incorporates a wide range of potential outcomes. And you should think about timing as being a very important factor because transactions that may be in the pipeline, that may be rumored to be in the pipeline, that may be rumored to be coming to market, timing of signing, closing, antitrust clearance – all those affect where the earnings power is created and how accretive the transactions are. So, I think it is important as, as you know, we don't slice and dice the guidance to try to break down every individual number and what's contemplated there. But there is a fair balance in the guidance of capital deployment towards share repurchase and capital deployment toward acquisitions.
David P. King: Just one other comment I should make which is, the guidance includes a pretty strong headwind from currency that does knock down where we would end up, all other things being equal. So I think it's important to recognize that we need to factor in, there is an impact on revenue from currency translation and as we've often said, that when you take that drop-down off of that revenue to earnings, that has an impact on obviously what we earn.
David P. King: So I'll start and then Glenn may have some additional comments. We established I think back in 2009 or so that our target leverage is 2.5 times. Obviously in the seven or eight years since, the company has grown pretty substantially in terms of the amount of EBITDA that we generate. So, that 2.5 times remains a target. It is not a commandment, and we've demonstrated a willingness to be flexible about our leverage. For example, we repurchased shares in the fourth quarter even though we're not at 2.5 times leverage because we thought it was a great opportunity to deploy capital and return it to shareholders. In terms of increasing the leverage, we've demonstrated a willingness to do it for M&A. Our investment grade rating is important to us, and that's something that we would intend to maintain. Increasing leverage for share repurchase, again, it depends on what else is out there in the marketplace. We know the value of investing in our own business. We know the return from buying our own shares, and we evaluate that against what's the value of other things we might buy, what's the long-term return on other things that we might buy. And we'll be disciplined about how we deploy and use the leverage in 2017 and obviously in the years ahead.
David P. King: So, on the organic volume in Diagnostics. Nick, I think this and the second part of your question just demonstrates that it can be a little bit deceptive to look at a particular quarter over a particular quarter in a prior year. And so I think if we look broadly at 2016, we saw about 1% organic volume growth. That's about what we think the market is growing. We had a dip in the third quarter which I think was anomalous for a variety of reasons. We had a strong recovery in the fourth quarter. And as you say, that was dragged a little bit by Hurricane Matthew. But we felt very good about fourth quarter volume growth, particularly because it's growing in esoteric, it's growing in women's health, it's growing in the focus areas that we're devoting our resources to. So, nice strong volume growth in the fourth quarter. We look to 2017 and say approximately 1% organic volume growth seems to be market, we obviously want to beat that, but that's how we think about the year. And I'll turn it over to Glenn and John in terms of the Diagnostics margins – I'm sorry, the Covance margins.
David P. King: Well, we don't talk about things that we've signed until they become public. From my perspective – I mean, from my perspective, what came out of the conference room from the Covance perspective was a better understanding of how well the integration between the two businesses has gone. We talked about the patient recruitment and site selection, we talked about the companion and complementary diagnostics already. Again, I want to highlight our work on Keytruda, our work on Opdivo, our work on Tagrisso and Tarceva, our work on Tacendra (42:58). I can't even pronounce the names of these drugs, but really, just a terrific performance in terms of establishing industry leadership in the development and the commercialization of companion diagnostics in a way that we don't see any competitor present. We highlighted our ability to partner using LabCorp and Covance with real-world evidence and post-market surveillance capabilities, specifically around the liver testing example of top 20 pharma where we're using the LabCorp resources to do the draws, we're using the Covance market access to remind patients of their appointments and scheduling, and we're using the combination of our technology to deliver results to physicians and patients. We highlighted how we can specifically open and close sites based on real-time data that LabCorp is receiving on things like respiratory tract infections. We highlighted the database that physicians who order the FibroSure test in recruiting NASH trials, the scientific capabilities that our combined organizations bring to sponsors, and obviously the value of our oncology, rare and orphan and infectious disease capabilities and the opportunity around the research hubs and the whole research hub model that goes back into the health system partnership. So, those are probably the kind of the big – I hope that we conveyed to investors a better understanding of what are the ways in which the organizations are really working well together and how do we think about the long-term opportunity and why we think the long-term trajectory for these businesses combined is really terrific.
David P. King: Well, I'll start. It's Dave, Elizabeth. My perception is that John is a terrific executive, he has been well received both internally at LabCorp and Covance and externally by our sponsors and partners, and as I think he just highlighted, the opportunities in terms of partnering in terms of the level of interest in the LabCorp and Covance services is very high. So, we feel terrific about the leadership change and about where it's going to take us in 2017 and ahead.
David P. King: It's Dave. Good morning. I would say we're always partnering with other organizations to enhance our database and broaden our reach in the patient population, and generally we don't talk broadly about the specifics, but you can feel confident that we are always reaching out to find other sources of data that will expand our resources just beyond pure lab data.
David P. King: Sure. So, as you probably know, United has delayed the claim denial application part of BeaconLBS and a postcard went out to physicians, and I'll just comment briefly on that. So, first of all, as you may remember, we had a similar situation in Florida, and so this is sort of part of the normal course of how you change healthcare and change patient and provider behavior, there's a lot of learning, there's a lot of detail, and we're always trying to accommodate the balance between what needs to be done and what the marketplace needs to get what needs to be done, done. The decision support tool is active and UnitedHealthcare has encouraged physicians to use it to become accustomed with it so that at the point where they do implement, the market will be ready. We have 98% of Texas physicians registered and 89% of the Texas labs within the network are registered, and we continue to enhance the platform with things like EMR integration and new tools and capabilities. I do want to comment editorially that the need for this type of tool is great, and as you probably have seen, it was probably reported that UnitedHealthcare sued a toxicology lab in Texas that was charging 3 to 10 times the amount of network providers and 2 to 3 times the amount that out-of-network providers charge, which meant that it was charging the customer between $1,400 and $6,500 for toxicology panels that were available from network providers for vastly lower amounts. This generates unnecessary cost for the system and it generates unnecessary out-of-pocket cost for patients who are paying co-payments and deductibles. And to the extent that that's addressed by providers by waiving patient co-pays and deductibles, that's a non-compliant practice that just drives additional systemic costs. So, the BeaconLBS tool is constantly iterating and improving to make it better and that's part of the reason why the implementation in United, again, the "hard implementation" has been delayed, although the tool is available and being used. But this is absolutely necessary if we want to change the cost of the healthcare curve and eliminate non-compliant practices in the marketplace.
David P. King: Well, I'm not going to comment on anything about any particular transaction. And I think to some extent we've responded to this question earlier, which is the pipeline is robust and there is new interest from health systems generally and more broadly. In terms of strategic opportunities, that may include sale or it may include broader partnerships. In terms of multiples, I mean, it's just – there's no way to characterize what multiples are going to be of revenue and EBITDA. Every system is different. Even the way that health systems account for their lab revenue is extremely different. Some, for example, charge the lab with IT. Some don't charge the lab with IT. That makes the supposed profitability look very different. So, suffice it to say, I go back to what I said before, which is we're disciplined about our financial metrics. We're disciplined about the way we deploy our capital. We're looking for acquisitions that are strategic, provide growth opportunities, meet our return criteria, and are going to be accretive.
David P. King: I can't really comment on payer philosophy. I would say, I think we have a terrific managed care book and highly valued managed care partnerships, and we're going to continue to pursue solutions that not only meet their needs, but meet the needs of the healthcare system and of patients and providers.
David P. King: Well, I have emphasized over the years and continue to emphasize that we always look at long-term value creation. We always look at what is right for LabCorp as a business, and we believe that in the long term that will serve the best interest of our shareholders. That said, our shareholders also have some input into what they think is going to create long-term value. We listen to them very carefully on things like return of capital, and you can see that we've responded to that. Again, even though our leverage was not a target in the fourth quarter, because this was highlighted as something that's very important, and so we spend a lot of time with shareholders, we listen closely to their input. We value their views highly, and we take that into consideration. Stock price reaction, that's less of a factor because there are so many moving pieces in how the stock reacts. So, again, long-term interests of the business, long-term value creation, views of investors, those are things that are very important to us as we think about the strategy for the business ahead.
David P. King: We're past 10 o'clock now and we still have a number of people in the queue, so we'd like to finish up no later than 10:15. I'd encourage people to be concise. And unless you really need a follow-up, let's try to limit it to one question, please.
David P. King: On Phoenix, I mean, there's two or three benefits from Phoenix. So, the first one is the patient knows at the time of service what their actual responsibility is going to be, and that's helpful because if it's more than they want to pay, they have the option to say, I don't want to pay, or I don't want the test, or I don't want a particular test. And those are things that are going to be incorporated into the patient service center experience, and ultimately we want to push that out to physician offices as well through our lab connect tool. The benefit for us is, we collect credit cards from patients at the patient service center. We don't know how much the patient is going to owe or we haven't historically. And so, often we collect a credit card where the patient doesn't owe anything, and we don't collect a credit card where the patient does owe. And we ask the patient for more money authorized to the credit card than they are going to owe us, and so we get some resistance. This way, it's going to be an exact estimate. This is based on your deductible, your plan, where you are in your cycle. This is what you're going to owe. Now, it's not perfect because there can be an add-on test, there can be something else ordered by a pathologist. But this is going to be an accurate representation to the patient of what they're going to owe and I think that's really going to be helpful. I'm not going to try to make an estimate of what it's going to save or reduce in bad debt. It's part of an ongoing initiative to keep our bad debt flat in percentage and reduce it over time. On retail, we find that about 65% of our patients are coming from home, and so if you make it convenient for them to be drawn in a setting closer to home, then that makes it easier for them to get their service. And when you combine it with something that's healthcare related, it provides, I think, broad opportunities on a lot of fronts, including as we think about direct patient engagement, Covance – consenting to trials with Covance, broadening capabilities that can be delivered in a pharmacy. So, again, this is a growth initiative. It's not focused on cost savings, and that's how we think about it.
David P. King: I think if you believe what you read in the papers, it could be everything from complete revamp to nothing, and I think it's just way too early to even think about that until we have some guidance from HHS and some idea about who the commissioner would be.
David P. King: I think we're doing what we think is best for the long-term interests of the business. I think we're – we have demonstrated that the combination of the businesses works. We've demonstrated that we're growing the business on both sides of the equation. And from my perspective, we've demonstrated that the opportunity ahead is great for us. So, I don't think short-term multiples or – I'm not a short-termer, I've been around a long time now, and I don't think short-term multiples or short-term multiple dislocations are anything that is beneficial for us to focus on and try to run this business in the best interest of our shareholders.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. Good morning. We're very pleased with Sequenom, with the growth and with how well it's integrated into our women's health portfolio and what we perceive to be market share gains in NIPT. As you know, average risk coverage from payers is expanding. We think that's a promising trend as well as the opportunity to add capabilities to the Sequenom platform.
David P. King: Well, I think, I mean, obviously, it's been supported now by professional societies. I think patient advocacy groups are picking up on the value. So, it's really a question of payer acceptance. And we continue to speak with medical leadership at all of our key payers in terms of broadening the NIPT capabilities to average risk because of the – obviously the opportunity to avoid long-term systemic costs down the road.
David P. King: So, I don't have a lot to add here. We don't know specifically nor does ACLA how many more labs are captured or how many hospitals are captured under the expanded definition of applicable labs. We are submitting data. There have been a number of ACLA engagements with CMS about the data that's to be submitted and the interpretation of the rule. And so, as soon as we have more clarity and an update, we'll provide it to you.
David P. King: So, we're quite interested in liquid biopsy and see it as an attractive opportunity. On the Covance side, we do have a partnership with one of our valued partners around validating and implementing liquid biopsy. You're correct that Sequenom had begun developing liquid biopsy technology, and it was kind of shelved prior to the acquisition. And we have reinitiated that to look at whether it provides us with a viable option that we can scale and develop. There are literally hundreds of liquid biopsy providers and companies of all sizes and shapes. So, we continue to look at and evaluate them as to which ones would be the best partner or partners for us. At the same time, pursuing the Sequenom option is an internal opportunity.
David P. King: Well, from my perspective, it's been a pretty fundamental principle that we want to maintain investment grade. It is access to capital markets. It's also favorability where we access those markets – of what we pay and what it costs us to take on debt, and I also think it's just responsible management of the balance sheet. And when we say investment grade, it helps frame for management we need to balance sheet responsibly and deploy our capital wisely to maintain that rating. So, that's my perspective. Glenn may have something to add on top of that.
David P. King: Thank you very much. Thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. I think as you can see we have a lot of exciting things going on at LabCorp, and we're very enthusiastic about 2017, about the years ahead. We look forward to updating you on our activities in the quarters to come. Have a great day.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Hey, Jack. It's the overall – what we're saying is that the free cash flow which obviously we guide to, we're going to fully redeploy in 2017. And that is reflected in the guidance range that we have. It will be inclusive of share repurchases, which again we reinitiated in December of last year. It will include M&A, obviously the announced deal that we've already had, but also a pretty good pipeline as well as debt repayment. At this point, we're not commenting specifically on how much of that free cash flow will apply to each, other that we expect it within that range to encompass all three.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Okay. I'll start with the first part, Bob, on Sequenom, which is as we commented even, I believe in last quarter, we expected the fourth quarter for Sequenom to be a loss of operating income during the quarter, so a little bit dilutive. We expect it to be accretive to earnings in our first year of ownership. And so as we go into 2017, we expect obviously profitability for Sequenom. But for the fourth quarter, it was a constraint. And I think we spoke to the fact that even with Diagnostics showing there's margin improvement, it was actually constrained by the loss of Sequenom in the quarter but will be favorable to earnings next year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Bill, too, just to kind of level-set, what our guidance does reflect is obviously good top line growth across both of our businesses, margin improvement, and then with capital allocation even driving earnings even higher. And then just to reinforce Dave's point, we do have a lot of timing and how much we allocate of that free cash flow between the various areas that we can. But we view the overall guidance that we're providing would be another very strong year for the company.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah. The other thing I'd add to that, Bill, is that the company is generating significant and sustainable free cash flow and as a result it gives us the flexibility to utilize the balance sheet appropriately as we feel we need to do, but we've gotten the leverage down from when we've done it. We ended the quarter at the end of the year at 3.1 times and again we've got another strong year of cash flow ahead of us.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: I'll take a first cut and John, you may want to provide more color. But as you commented, Nick, we feel good about the sequential improvement that we had in the business. When we think about the comp in the fourth quarter, we obviously are comparing it to a record quarter, I think 16% margins in the fourth quarter a year ago. As we look to 2017, we believe – again, we're giving you the revenue guidance but we also believe we're going to get margin expansion, benefiting from the growth of the business and continue to improve on the clinical efficiencies. We also did comment though that the first half for the company will be lighter than the second half for the company and that affects Covance as well. Obviously we continue to invest in the business. We talked about the labor, the call it sales force, the CRAs that haven't annualized yet. So that will be a headwind in the first part. We also talked about the late cancellations that obviously will have an impact in the first half as we look to replenish given that those were active accounts that we had. So, again, we expect good margin improvement year over year, but expect that the first half would still be light year-over-year in the first half of 2017 and then picking up very nicely in the second half.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, Steve, this is Glenn. As we reflected on it, we saw, obviously, another CRO that's changed their methodology as well. It is interesting that the backlog has been built up, if you will, based upon just – it could be an e-mail just stating that here's future business that we'd like you to work on. I think, from our perspective, being more conservative, just to know that we have an executed contract that we would now be working on and calling that the backlog we felt was a better representation of the backlog, again, better visibility of saying out of that backlog now that we have, how much will that translate into our revenues over the next year. And then, obviously, giving guidance for revenue, it also gives you a good sense of what business do we need to bring into the company during the year and still transact during that year. So, we think it's just overall more conservative, better color on the business. And yeah, we again, saw someone else do it, and we agree with that methodology.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: No, I – just other than I agree, we enjoy obviously great access to low cost capital, given the strength of sustainability of our free cash flow, don't read into being below investment grade as a constraint. I mean we can obviously lever up the balance sheet as we have for the appropriate strategic investments. And given a substantial cash flow that we generate and obviously continue to make investments in our business make investments in acquisitions and return capital to our shareholders.
John D. Ratliff: And I think you saw that in the strong book-to-bill within the fourth quarter, the strength across the businesses, whether that was in clinical or in the labs or in early development. And you saw the solutions that Dave just talked about coming to the fore. And even though we had the cancellations in the two large lab studies, still pulling off 1.24 and without that being in the high 1.3s. So, nice performance, and that's kind of how you gauge whether the integration is moving swiftly and you're seeing that within our ordering.
John D. Ratliff: Yeah. I saw a great amount of partnering activity, the biotech business area and the large pharma mid-tiers, significant partnerships that either were initiated or developed and great momentum across the marketplace. Obviously we have R&D growth, but at the same time I think the partnering capabilities with the data that we are driving from the LabCorp side and/or solutions that we're driving with respect to the combination our customers are seeing, and that was evidenced by all the different partnering capabilities that we saw at the conference.
John D. Ratliff: I think that we've seen great double-digit growth in studies based on the data side and this is all about net orders at the end of the day and winning, and so we're seeing that show up in the marketplace for us.
John D. Ratliff: Okay. I think in terms of the book-to-bill, was strong across each area. We are different in the sense that on the revenue conversion side we are the only broad early development lab and in clinical business CRO. And so in early development you do have faster backlog conversion. At most, you will have two to four quarters of that booking convert into revenues with a little bit faster within the early development timeframe. In terms of cancellations just in the fourth quarter was probably our highest within the last couple of years, if you look at that quarterly rate. And thus the 1.24 at the end of the day or the 1.19 new methodology is showing real signs of strength in the quarter itself. So that's a little bit of color on – A, the book-to-bill, and the cancellations.
John D. Ratliff: No. This was well publicized, cancellations late in the quarter, November, and it's clinical research. And there's nothing to do with an industry trend.
John D. Ratliff: It does put a renewed focus on the time between the award and the contract and what efficiencies you can drive for that. But as to the overall operational approach, no, it does not change. And I'd also say, if you – coming from outside the industry to inside the industry and now being an old-time vet, if you ask coming in, what do you generate backlog on, and it's not a contractual obligation, it just hits you that it might be a more conservative approach to go to the contract. It's just a more rational approach to go to the contract side and eliminate some level of volatility at the same time between that award and contract. But bottom line, it doesn't change the operations.
John D. Ratliff: Yes. It is about the same as in past historical, and in terms of award contract, varies by the individual businesses, but you should have in the neighborhood of two-quarter kind of conversions. And in some cases, certain customers will go to contract on award time, and then others will have a lengthy dialogue between the award and then the contractuals. So, it does vary by customer. And as we said before, the early development has a faster conversion rate than the clinical and the lab space.
Amanda Louise Murphy: Hi. Good morning. I just had a follow-up with some of the conversations on the CRO side. I was just wondering, so obviously you have....
Amanda Louise Murphy: I just had a quick follow-up to some of the questions on the CRO side. So, obviously you had a good, strong book-to-bill, but I was curious if you could talk to some of the broader trends. I think a couple of others have seen cancellations and I think some have mentioned dynamics around revenue conversion just given shift to biologics over time, I'm wondering if you could speak those two dynamics more broadly.
Amanda Louise Murphy: So I guess is there – so there's nothing to read into the cancellations in terms of that becoming a broader trend? Obviously, there's concern around that.
Amanda Louise Murphy: And then just totally switching topics, I had a question on Beacon, just wondering what you're seeing...
Amanda Louise Murphy: Okay. So, I'll try – I'll get back in the queue. I'm sorry. Something is wrong with my phone clearly. Thank you, though.
