David P. King: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our second quarter 2013 financial results, update our 2013 guidance, discuss the payment landscape, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: Bob, let's separate it into the commercial, the Medicaid and then TRICARE. So with commercial payors, this is a negotiated process. As we mentioned, many of them incorporated these payment policies without the realization of the impact that would -- that it would have on the claim filing process, a lot of paper claims, a lot of additional information and the impact on patients. And so most of it is just a question of sitting down and talking with them, explaining the circumstances and then we get the coverage issues resolved. With the Medicaids, a couple of the key Medicaids still have not priced the codes, so they told us they're going to pay for the tests but they still haven't priced the codes and these are a couple of sizable Medicaids. And we have been -- we have a commitment that they will price the codes within the third quarter, but obviously claims are not going to be paid until the codes are priced. There are a couple of Medicaids that have said they are not going to pay for this testing even though they have paid for it in the past and they have covered it in the past because either they call it new tests or because of budgetary constraints. On those, it's dealing with the Medicaids, it's getting ACLA involved, and ACLA is fully engaged in this as are our other industry colleagues and it's also potentially legislative and executive remedies in those particular states. And finally, with TRICARE, initially, TRICARE placed cystic fibrosis on its no-pay code list. Our understanding is that after some inquiries from us and others, that the code is off the list but it still hasn't been priced, so we're back in the situation that we have to wait for them to price the code. So as you can tell from that discussion, the timing is somewhat uncertain. We do expect the -- we're optimistic that the commercial ones, for the most part, will be resolved within the year. Whether some of the governmental ones go over into next year, we just have no way of knowing, and that's part of the reason we say as these get resolved, they provide additional upside to the guidance because we've incorporated the view that we stated here into how we think about guidance for the rest of the year.
David P. King: I think it's a little bit early to call, but the pipeline continues to be quite robust and there are good opportunities out there for us in a variety of areas. When you think about nonpayment for molecular codes, you think about cuts to 88305. There are a number of either specialized laboratories or laboratories with broad exposure to Medicare in these payment areas that are either thinking about entering the acquisition market or are already in the market.
David P. King: Yes, Tom. I think if you look at the key acquisitions that we've done in the last couple of years, we made an acquisition that gave us greater international capability in our pharma services, clinical trials, central lab business. That is not exposed to government reimbursement. It's well priced. And we've been very, very pleased with that because that business continues to expand as does the clinical trial business that is -- that comes in through monograms. Our paternity and forensic testing area where we made the Orchid acquisition, that not only gave us exposure to some private revenue and some nongovernmental revenue, but also to some international revenue with the U.K. and now we're getting some work in that business out of the Middle East. MEDTOX is a commercial pay. It's a -- typically an employer pay clinical trials and commercial pay business. There's essentially no exposure to government. So we are continuing to look at acquisitions that will help us diversify the revenue base. We have looked at and decided not to make some acquisitions, for example, in pathology where we think we would be further exposing ourselves to these kinds of issues. And then we continue to look, as I mentioned in speaking about Pillar Five, in ways that we can take our data and that we can tuck things in that help us create potential revenue streams out of the data and the analytics. So I think there's a -- I think we've had a broad approach to broadening the revenue base, and at the same time, sticking close to our knitting in terms of businesses that we fundamentally understand that know how to run and that fit our long-term strategic priorities.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think, first of all, MEDTOX, the drugs of abuse testing, the pay management business, all have done extremely well. Second of all, I attribute it to good execution. I mean, sales execution, service execution, the investments that we've made in getting results back to physicians earlier in interfaces, there's -- I wish we had some secret. We don't have a secret. Our secret is we have a terrific test menu. We're very focused on execution on both the sales and service side of the business and the kudos are to our organization for executing on our priorities.
David P. King: So we renewed the Cigna contract and the Humana contract. We've made progress. It's still under discussion.
David P. King: It's Dave. We've said all along there's a lot of moving parts in the ACA and continue to believe there are a lot of moving parts in the ACA. I think that the ACA will be a net positive for us because there will be more people covered by insurance, whether through government programs, exchanges or employer base. I don't think we can quantify it today because, as you say, there are questions about which Medicaids will expand and how significant they will be. And there are questions about the readiness of the exchanges. There was the delay in the employer mandate and in a couple of other regulations that now are not going to take effect apparently until 2015. So again, net positive, we expect to see some benefit next year but certainly not factoring it in as a game changer as we think about 2014.
David P. King: Well, there are a number of moving parts in price, and the growth in drugs of abuse testing, while it's positive to revenue, it's positive to volume and it's positive to margin, is negative to price because it's at a lower price point than our typical patient encounter. Everything else that was involved in price had to do with the government reductions. So the Medicare reductions that we talked about, the sequestration and then, as we mentioned, MoPath, which we don't view as a long-term reduction but certainly has an impact in this quarter. So I just -- I don't think it's constructive to try to break down every bit and bob of pricing. I think what we can say is we maintained price discipline with managed care, and managed care pricing was flat, as we've said. And the price impact is coming from the factors we've enumerated.
David P. King: Well, I think it's coming from, as we mentioned, drugs of abuse and pain management. I think it's coming from the physician market, and then I think it's coming from hospital reference business. Those are probably the 3 biggest areas in which we're seeing volume pickups.
David P. King: It's both. It's MEDTOX. It's our, what we call our occupational testing business, and it's the pain management component of both of those businesses.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think we've seen a slowing of the physician in-sourcing trend for sure since 88305 and believe there was also a report that came out about utilization after physician in-sourcing that -- in the last couple of weeks that suggested that physician in-sourcing led to higher utilization. So I think the point has been made to CMS about the impact of physician in-sourcing and the trend does seem to be mitigated. On the flow and the FISH, the IHC and the other pathology codes, we don't have a good understanding of why CMS has singled those out on the physician fee schedule, although it's, I think the number is 26% approximately, reduction across the board on physician fee schedule pathology codes. When you look at flow and FISH, I mean, the reductions are more in the 60% and 70% range. So we don't know why those have been signaled -- have been singled out. And again, the reasoning behind equating those to the hospital OPPS is completely erroneous, and we will fight to the end that those said proposed reductions not be implemented. It is bad for laboratories, but more fundamentally, it is bad for cancer patients and it's going to have a terrible effect on the cancer patient population.
David P. King: Well, I think it's always risky to say that you're gaining share. I think the numbers speak for themselves. I think the hospital changes that we're seeing with physician in-sourcing do lead many hospitals to send out more testing because they are bringing in more testing. And as they bring in complex testing, they can't perform it themselves so they send it out. So I do think that accounts for some of the trend in terms of our growth in the hospital business.
David P. King: Well, I don't think we've ever talked about the P&Ls of particular acquisitions and so we're certainly not going to do that now. MEDTOX is doing better than we expected from a revenue and a profitability perspective. As you know, the guidance incorporates all the moving pieces in the business in a wide range of outcomes and so it's -- there's nothing we can really specify as to how MEDTOX plays in the guidance other than to say we're very pleased with the performance.
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. The Medicare physician fee schedule revenue in 2012 was 1.7% of total revenue. Now it will be less this year because of some of the payment reductions that have already been implemented. But if these reductions were to be implemented, as proposed in the rule, you could simply, on average, take the -- call it 1.5% of revenue and multiply that by negative 26.7% and you'd be in the ballpark of what the impact would be.
David P. King: Well, if I understand the question, which I have to -- I'm not sure I do, but if I understand the question, the answer is the pricing has been done by individual Medicare carriers on a gap-fill basis. The process has been slow, and it has been nontransparent in the sense that we don't know what the inputs are into the pricing. We have offered to try to help provide inputs, and generally, our offers of helping with inputs have been declined by the carriers, the Medicare carriers. And they have established pricing, probably led by Palmetto, and then a number of others have followed along. As we said throughout the year last year, the actual prices set would not have had a major impact on us because they're not terribly different from the prices that we were previously receiving. The issue was the delay in setting the prices and then some of the coverage decisions are not the coverage changes that we've made reference to in the call. I believe CMS will have greater authority over these prices in 2014 because I believe after they've been in place for a year, CMS has the ability to review them. But we had our work cut out for the rest of 2013 and that's what we're focused on.
David P. King: Sure. On BRCA, we don't have a specific time frame for entering the market. We actually are capable of performing the test today under current methodologies, but we're looking at what's the best methodology and what's the right timing. And as you probably saw, even post the Supreme Court decision, there's been another suit filed against the lab performing BRCA so this is not entirely free from controversy in spite of the Supreme Court's decision. We're going to make a reasoned decision about when we enter the market and what methodology we use and what price we offer and all I can say stayed tuned in terms of our timing there. On hepatitis C, it's been one of the nice drivers of growth year-over-year. The screening recommendations from the CDC have certainly given us some help. In addition, our hepatitis C expertise coming out of the terrific R&D that we do at Monogram and the clinical trials for the new hepatitis C drugs have all been very strong for us there and so we're pleased. We talked for long term about the opportunity in hepatitis C and we needed a catalyst in those guidelines for the catalyst.
David P. King: Kevin, it's Dave. I think the answer is yes. We've had requests from a number of employers and plans, for example, to be able to do biometric testing in our patient service centers' point of service. So I think the answer is yes. Both wellness and pain management have been growers for us in the last couple of quarters.
David P. King: Yes, probably. So guys, we have 10 minutes -- excuse me, Michelle, we have 10 minutes before the hour. We have about 7 people in the queue so let’s try to make sure the questions we are asking are new and unique so that we can limit the call to an hour. Thank you.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. I think, as we have said, hospitals have been acquiring physician groups, which is -- which are bringing lab services in. I would say at the same time, we're seeing hospitals facing some of the similar pricing environment, particularly government pricing environment, that we're seeing and it's reflected in our numbers and in everybody else's numbers. And so I think there's a greater interest in things like laboratory management services that help them reduce their costs than there has been historically. And we've seen very good growth in laboratory management relationships with hospitals throughout the last, probably, 3 quarters and expect that to continue.
David P. King: Yes, I think our opportunity there is relatively small. We've done those things a long time ago, so we have standard national contracts for almost all of our major supplies from gloves to dry ice, you name it. And so I don't think there's a lot of upside to further supply chain rationalization because, as I say, we've -- we undertook that process about 4 years ago.
David P. King: As I mentioned, it's a significant financial investment in efficiency and innovation. And from a margin perspective, we should think of that -- we should think of it as it certainly is labor saving. But a lot of the times, what we do with those labor savings is that we move those positions into front-line positions so that we can continue the emphasis on sales and service that we talked about earlier in the call. So we haven't quantified it, and at the point when we have it up and running in our 8 labs, we will be able to quantify it. It will help with margin but I'd like to think of it as it more helps us to offset some of the pressures in the other direction than you would see a dramatic impact on margins overall.
David P. King: It's Dave. As Brad stated, that is essentially due to our expectations for the timing of payment for the molecular pathology issues that we've discussed.
David P. King: It's Dave, Dane. I think that, as we said, the BRCA decision in and of itself unlock certain market opportunity to launch a -- the BRCA test more fundamentally, or more broadly, it opens up opportunities in other areas that have been patent protected and it raises the question of whether other things that have patent protection will continue to have that patent protection over time. So as we think about next-generation sequencing, as we think about the ability to do broader genetic testing, longer reads, sequence-full genes and add the content to that, the interpretive content of that which is part of what we're developing in the second and fifth pillar, I think the opportunity is very promising for us. It would be really -- just it wouldn't make sense to try to quantify that now because the uncertainty is too great, but we definitely view it as a long-term positive and is fitting nicely with our strategic focus.
David P. King: I've said for a long time that the fundamental process of negotiation with commercial payors is they want us to do more for less and we want to be paid more for what we do, so it's a negotiation, and I'm pleased that we have maintained good pricing discipline. I'm pleased that pricing in the quarter on managed care remained stable. And we're going to continue to do the best we can to maintain pricing discipline and keep that trend. We have a long-standing partnership with Humana. We value the relationship and our hope is that we're going to come to contract terms that are good for everybody.
David P. King: I don't think we're seeing a lot of impact there, Glenn. I think, obviously, there's been a lot of press given to some of the actions that Aetna has taken fairly publicly. But I think the actual, are we going to have more narrow networks? We're just not seeing a lot of it.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also update our 2013 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid, although in the quarter it was negatively impacted by delays and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2013, was $597.8 million. DSO at the end of June was 50 days, unchanged from year end. During the quarter, our bad debt remained 4.3%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 3.1% year-over-year in the second quarter. During the quarter, total company volume increased 5%. Organic volume increased 1.4% year-over-year. Revenue per requisition decreased 1.8% year-over-year. Managed care pricing remained stable, but revenue per requisition decreased due to previously discussed Medicare payment reductions, delays and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payors after implementation of recently adopted molecular pathology codes, the implementation of sequestration on April 1, 2013, and strong growth in our drugs of abuse testing. Dave will discuss the molecular pathology payment issues in his remarks. Growth from our MEDTOX acquisition has exceeded our expectations. And while the strong performance has positively impacted revenue, volume and profitability, it has negatively impacted revenue per requisition. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 18.8% compared to 19.7% in the second quarter of 2012. Margins were negatively affected by the previously discussed factors. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $111.3 million and $225 million of borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased $362 million of stock, representing 3.7 million shares. At the end of June, $592.1 million of repurchased authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our increased share repurchase activity during the second quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. This morning, we updated our 2013 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth in the range of approximately 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, of $6.90 to $7.10, which includes a negative impact of approximately $0.35 due to Medicare payment reductions and which excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2013; operating cash flow of approximately $825 million to $850 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $200 million to $220 million. Our capital expenditure guidance is higher than historical levels due to near-term investments in facility consolidation and replacement of a major testing platform. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Tom, it's Brad. The way it's flowing through and manifesting itself is in price. These kinds of adjustments, we have historically considered noncoverage items and items where payors don't pay for certain things as revenue adjustments, so that's where they're showing up. And while the DSO was flat, we expected it to be down. And if we look at why it's not down, this particular item for the delays and the nonpayment are exactly what's causing it.
William B. Hayes: Yes, what I would say is it's about 4% of our revenue that's affected by this entire process. Our molecular pathology revenue is a little bit higher, but some of it's commercial billed and capitated so it doesn't really fall into this CPT code-related process, so it's about 4% of revenue. And then a subset of that is what we're having the difficulty with here. We're not going to give a specific number about what we've seen in the first quarter and expect for the back half of the year because as Dave mentioned, we're fighting this and we hope to get it reversed because it's really not merited. And when we look at price year-over-year, the 1.8% that we reported, if you take into account sequestration and these changes and some of the other factors that we talked about, those are the issues that are resulting in that price.
William B. Hayes: I would say just, this is Brad, continued integration of some acquisitions from last year. No real change to mention and bad debt driving that trend and it's sustainable. So there's nothing unusual driving it and we think that trend should continue.
William B. Hayes: A.J., it's Brad. I would say it's normal seasonal. I mean, the fourth quarter is a tough EPS quarter just given the holidays and everything. So as I look at the calendarization of our expectations, I don't see anything unusual in it.
William B. Hayes: Okay. Esoteric testing for the quarter was up, I believe, 3.5%. The drugs of abuse testing for the quarter...
William B. Hayes: It's a race to see who can find it, and Dave found it, 10.6% year-over-year. Now that is excluding the impact of MEDTOX. That's our core drugs of abuse.
