Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah. No. A couple of things, Lisa. First, I think your reference of Covance, we expect to see sequentially improving revenues as we go throughout the year, even though for the second quarter, we expect revenues to be down year-on-year. The second half will be up in the third and the fourth quarter we expect year-over-year. So that's going to help to drive the improvement. And then, to your point, in addition with the LaunchPad initiative now moving to Covance, the bulk of the savings in 2017 will be recorded in the second half. So, obviously, that will improve their margins in the third and fourth quarter year-over-year as well.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, no, we did benefit obviously from the, call it, the Easter holiday falling in the second quarter, so it obviously was a year-over-year improvement. The calendarization, interestingly enough, with leap year, really impacts our second quarter much more than the first. So, if you look at the first quarter, a slight tailwind, slight help to the organic volume. It's truly, call it, an improvement in our volume as opposed to just the calendarization. But as we look to the second quarter, you'll see a more substantial headwind for us, between Easter falling into the second quarter, between the calendarization of how it matches up for us year-over-year, you're looking at a more substantial impact, probably around a point-and-a-half give or take on our volume in the second quarter. But for the first quarter, of the 1.8%, call it, 30 basis points, we would consider being, call it, calendarization/Easter.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, no. As we said earlier, just in general, we have capital allocation included in our guidance, including M&A, and I think it's fair to say that, obviously, we announced two health system transactions that we expect both to close this year. So, it's fair to say that we have assumed those transactions would have an impact this year.
John D. Ratliff: Yeah. I'll take that on, Lisa. This is John. And so, inside the first quarter, you obviously saw a mix of contracted awards that were won and/or delayed. Clinical orders were strong, to give you color, and that actually takes, obviously, longer to convert into revenue than our early development and/or even our central labs to a certain extent. Secondly, we saw within the backlog, we are increasingly raising our penetration within the oncology, CNS, rare and orphan. And this higher percentage of our backlog tied to those complex studies are also converting into revenue at a slightly slower pace. We did see delays in certain key customers' pipelines through the second quarter, third, and fourth. But pleased overall with the net orders that we saw within the quarter in terms the long-term growth. And specifically based on the data involved with the LabCorp and the Covance areas, we saw our largest quarter to-date, about $150 million in the quarter, about $350 million of new awards in a cumulative due to the combination of the datasets and how that then drove wins within the quarter in terms of the aggregate book-to-bills.
John D. Ratliff: Again, John. In terms of the early development, in aggregate, a strong area, but saw certain delays in terms of specific customer pipelines within lead optimization, et cetera. But at the same time, we saw strength in our backlog and book-to-bill. We did have a little bit of a mix of awards to clinical versus pure pre-clinical, and that drove a little bit of the delay in revenue conversion, but a strong area looking at the pipeline of orders going forward and the opportunities that we see in terms of for the balance of the year. In terms of central labs, we did see a real shut down in those two cancellations within the quarter, and central labs were affected by, what I previously just mentioned, the penetration in oncology. So they are seeing a stretch out in terms of the revenue conversion. And those are really the two areas that we saw affected. I'll proactively address one last question, and that is if you look at our segment, clinical is growing above the actual total Covance revenue growth projected, with the labs and early development below.
John D. Ratliff: Yeah, it's customer specific, and nothing macro. It's purely a pause in their very specific pipeline of activities that hit us in one to two areas.
John D. Ratliff: This is John. I think you're seeing a blend of that, a mix of that. There's certain of the strategics even that have moved to that more functional service provider, more for that fee-for-service that I think you're referencing even within their own mix. It's a vital part of our mix within the Phase II through IV, and we see that playing out with a specific customer set. But in terms of, if you look across the portfolio, if you're asking is there more of a shift to that, I think we've seen that evolution over the last five years in terms of the use of that model. And you're seeing that continue, but there hasn't been any radical, within the last six months, I'm going to shift to more of that FSP model than prior. But you clearly have to have that in your repertoire in terms of addressing the different models of clinical.
John D. Ratliff: No. Have not; have not seen any individual going for share or in terms of low pricing. It's a pretty stable market.
John D. Ratliff: Again, John. I think we actually have very viable late-stage offerings, but at the same time, we know organically we need to push through in certain therapeutic areas, and internationally expansion, and then even embracing some of the new models flowing through. So, we see, obviously, areas of the strategy that we're going to embrace, and I also know within that post-marketing Phase IV area, we do have greater penetration. And from our vantage point, having early pre-clinical development as well as then central labs does differentiate us from everyone else. I believe that, A, our leadership in labs and ED can bring our clinical business forward, as well as strengthening clinical can then bring forward great penetration within that early development as well. So, it works both ways. But we know we've got work to do on the expansion territories in that late-stage area and those what I just addressed.
John D. Ratliff: Well, I think as you've seen, more and more, we're moving to much more of a risk-based model; moving to more and more of a pricing based on value, based on outcomes, et cetera. And so, that's one point of reference. There's different channels off of the FSP model that we were talking about before being addressed. These are at their infant state, but at the same time, you need to be prepared for those, and then move those forward within the scope of your total portfolio.
John D. Ratliff: From the standpoint of – yes, there were specifically strategic investments that were put through all of last year in terms of whether it's in the sales force, whether it's in certain of the therapeutic areas, whether it was on staffing clinical to the backlog. At the same time, any time you have those personnel on board and then you have now flat revenues within the first quarter, then obviously, you have to address that. And so, in terms of your comment on combating that, that's the referenced first phase of a Covance LaunchPad, which there's a $45 million annualized savings, and at the same time, then around $20 million, $25 million in the second half of the year for 2017, and those – the majority being resources. So, clearly, what you're trying to do is align revenues with the resources. Longer term, I think from the vantage point of longer-term margins, we obviously see the business models of our competitors and know we have room to move on that. We'll obviously be addressing that in terms of, A, the LaunchPad, longer term initiatives that we'll give more details on to the later part of this year.
John D. Ratliff: The answer is we did see a higher level of clinical orders, which obviously take longer to convert. We did see higher percentage of the actual orders going in that were oncology-, CNS-based, which are obviously converting into revenues at a slower pace. We had delays in the eCustomer pipeline that happened in that last 60 days that were more tactical based. So, those are the reason why the reduced outlooks within the Covance revenue.
John D. Ratliff: I think – and this is John, again. I really haven't seen that, at least on our spectrum of customers. You'll always have – so I went to head of business of one pharma just recently, where that rumble was that they were going to pull and in-source resources ahead of the meeting, and it was the head of the business plus the head of procurement. Once I got into the meeting, it was not about that at all. They were consolidating the CROs who they work with, and we were one of those that they were consolidating to. And so, I do hear of some rumble about that, it just hasn't – I haven't seen that with our customer set in terms of the in-sourcing "penetration" or backwards moving into pharma. I can't talk to customers I'm not at, and so you'll have to ask the others of my brethren in terms of that, but right now, we haven't seen that, still see an ever-increasing penetration, whether it's in the mid-tier, or biotech, or in that large pharma and as an industry, trim.
John D. Ratliff: No, I would say neither. It's more complex trials at the heart of it. So, more complex protocols within the oncology area, within the rare and orphan disease area. It also takes longer in terms of a Phase III recruitment, yes, as opposed to infectious disease, when you're looking at an oncology trial, et cetera. So, the orientation of the pipeline to those areas more and more give you a longer revenue conversion
David P. King: Morning, Nick, it's Dave. Obviously, as we've said, we've been engaged with United at the managed care team level for a significant period of time. They have been a terrific partner to us and I think we've been a terrific partner to them. Over the last six months, we've become also significantly engaged at the senior executive level involving a good deal of my time. And I'm pleased with where we are. Again, I think there's a recognition on both sides of the strength of the partnership and the value of the partnership. We would like to get something done in 2017. I can't give you any further update other than I think both sides are committed to a fair resolution of the contract discussion, and something that rewards us both for the value of the partnership over the now 10-plus years.
David P. King: I think the M&A pipeline continues to be very robust, and I attribute that to the – not so much to PAMA, because I think singling out any one factor is a little misleading, but to the general change in the healthcare environment. We're seeing a big push to value-based payment. We're seeing a big push to being able to procure services, the highest quality services at the most effective cost. And as hospitals and smaller laboratories are recognizing that trend, I think a lot of them are relooking at, do we belong in this business? Is it a core competency? Are we bringing value to the patient? So, again, I think when you add in the research capabilities that Covance brings us, we have a strong, differentiated position in doing these really deep, comprehensive hospital partnerships, health system partnerships, and you can expect us to continue to work on those. But we're going to be opportunistic about what's available in the acquisition market and allocate our capital appropriately.
David P. King: Well, Amanda, lab management can be a part of a comprehensive partnership with a health system. So, we're not opposed to lab management contracts, and we have plenty of them in our business. What we're not out looking for is lab management contracts where essentially the value that we're bringing is remanaging employees and offering supply chain savings. Because in our view, that is not a high margin business. It's well below our operating margins. It's an extremely high touch business, because of the nature of in-patient hospital services. So, pure lab management contracts alone are not particularly attractive to us. Our strategy has always been the lab management contract might be part of a comprehensive overall partnership that includes, obviously, our reference testing capabilities, our population health capabilities, our analytics capabilities, the Covance piece. So, those are the types of partnerships we're doing, and I think the announcements that you've seen in the quarter with Mount Sinai and with PAML, which are – again, you have three tremendously innovative market-leading health systems that are deciding that they want to associate themselves with LabCorp, I think that speaks volumes about the success of our hospital strategy.
David P. King: Dan, it's Dave. I just want to point out that the reduced outlook is 1% of a $10 billion revenue company. So, this is not a dramatic reduction, either in our perspective on revenue or on earnings, and it's not in any sense an indication that we are displeased with the Covance business. I would cite again what I referred to in my prepared remarks. You look at the ways in which the combined organizations are generating business as you don't hear anybody else talking about, the depth of the health system partnerships that we're doing, the use of the data and real examples of how the data is helping us to win the companion diagnostics business, these are terrific success stories, and we're two years into this. It was a major transformational acquisition, and we are very, very enthusiastic about the long-term opportunity here because the growth rate in the CRO industry has historically been higher than the lab industry, because of the opportunity to expand our business on a more global scale. And so, no, it doesn't in any way diminish our enthusiasm for continuing to grow the CRO business.
David P. King: Well, at the ACLA annual meeting, there was actually a presentation by CMS about data collection, and then we met with some CMS officials – industry representatives met with CMS officials and talked about we were continuing to have difficulty loading data. And we requested a delay, and that delay was granted, as you saw, to continue to put the data in. So, that is a positive. I continue to be, and I think our team continues to be frustrated that the data collection process is not designed in a terribly efficient way, and the amount of data that will be generated is going to be enormous. So, it raises the question of can the data be analyzed in a meaningful way between now and when CMS is supposed to put the proposed rule out? I think more fundamentally, Ralph, the issue continues to be the incorrect definition of applicable laboratories. The definition that the prior rule came up with is inconsistent with the legislative intent, it's inconsistent with floor colloquy, and we supported, that is we the industry, supported PAMA as a way to bring market-based pricing to our industry. But the way the rule has been generated, 95% of the hospitals are not going to be included, which means their commercial pricing, which is multiples above ours, is not going to be considered to be part of the "market." There's an irony there, because when we talk about acquisitions, the hospital systems are considered to be part of the market, but when we talk about the PAMA pricing, hospital systems are not considered to be part of the market. So, we continue to push with CMS to revisit the definition, and we're hopeful that they will do that, and that we'll, as a result, get a rule and an implementation of the legislation that's consistent with what Congress and the industry agreed that we wanted to do.
David P. King: And it's Dave. I just want to add quickly, because we want to be clear about this. It's not only the late-stage business that's affected by the mix of oncology, CNS. If we have a central lab study that is doing oncology testing, then enrollment may be slower than it is for, for example, an infectious disease study or a diabetes study. So, the change in mix affects all of the segments of the business; it doesn't just affect the clinical late-stage business.
David P. King: In terms of BeaconLBS, we're very focused on improving the features and function sets, as we think about scaling BeaconLBS to new markets. The Texas situation remains the same. That is, BeaconLBS is running there, but the "hard implementation" where denials start is not in effect. I didn't quite understand the second part of the question. So, maybe you could just repeat that really quickly because it's five of, and there's four people still waiting.
David P. King: No. BeaconLBS is a separate company, and so it's not tied to the United contract. Obviously, United has been very supportive of BeaconLBS and has been very much engaged in its development, and is our partner in its implementation, but it's not a part of the United contract.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. So, I'm just going to point to the successes of LaunchPad in the LabCorp business and how it's improved our competitive position. We've redeployed resources for the customer-facing positions. We've reduced facilities and consolidated facilities in a way that's improved quality and service. Our customer satisfaction scores among our provider community are at all-time highs, even after two years of LaunchPad, which means it's improving the quality of the service we've delivered; it's not diminishing it in any way. The technology improvements in terms of patient self-service, the revenue cycle system, the bad debt improvement, all of these things are direct outgrowths of LaunchPad, and obviously Propel has been a major innovation and improvement in quality and service. So, LaunchPad is not a program that just says, we're going to rip costs out of the business. LaunchPad is a program that says, every dollar that we spend in the business, we're going to get $1.05 of value in some way or another. And so, I don't think you should think about LaunchPad as hurting our competitive positioning. Covance LaunchPad is going to improve our competitive positioning through right-sizing facilities, through getting the right employees facing the customer in the right place, through improvement of quality and service delivery, through better technology and tools. All of these things are going to be positive for the business in the long term. And, frankly, we wouldn't invest in doing the LaunchPad project, because it requires a lot of work from the team, if we didn't believe in the business long term.
David P. King: We've been talking about this quite a bit, so I'm not going to say anything that I haven't said multiple times. The clinical CRO business, we do need to be more sizable in Asia Pac, so that is one important consideration. It's only one. We want to acquire the asset that's going to fit us best from a strategic perspective. That involves financial returns. That involves cultural fit. That involves long-term opportunity where we see the business growing in therapeutic areas. So, there are multiple factors that we take into consideration, but you're certainly correct that Asia Pac is one.
David P. King: Well, I think probably the biggest thing about Asia is there are a number of significant markets there that require data from their particular subjects, and if we don't have the clinical presence in those markets, it's tough to win the studies. So, it's mostly a function of large customers there in Japan and Korea, for example, large market opportunities, and regulatory environment in which they want to see – and, of course, I should mention China as well – and regulatory environment in which they want to see specific data relating to their populations.
David P. King: I don't really have a good perspective on that, Isaac. It's Dave. I mean, I know what we hear when we go to ACLA, but I think there's a surprising lack of awareness of the potential impact of PAMA, for example, is my perception, in the hospital lab director environment. I think small labs are for the most part, at least the leaders of them that I talk to, are aware of the potential outcomes. I don't know where they are in terms of preparedness or data submission. That's not something that we talk about with our peers.
David P. King: Well, I think we should be clear, and we tried to be clear, that if PAMA is implemented based on the rule that's out there, there will be a reduction in the Medicare and clinical lab fee schedule. So, it's very hard, no matter how much volume you get, to offset a price reduction in a book of business of that size. So, I would not expect if PAMA gets implemented in January that we will offset the financial impact of the fee schedule reduction with incremental volume.
David P. King: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. We appreciate your time and look forward to speaking to you on our second quarter earnings call.
