David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. The plans for Enlighten Health Genomics, at least initially, are that the offering will be directed largely toward the self-pay market. So part of the reason that it's under Enlighten Health and part of the reason that it's a broader whole Exome offering than our traditional reproductive genetics business is, as we indicated, is targeting the market for early childhood development, developmental delay and early childhood severe genetic diseases. I'm sure over time, there will involve to be a commercial payer component of that. And our expectations are, given the severity of the disease states that we're looking at that we'll have a successful payment experience even with the commercial payers. With regard to Canada, I'm going to ask Glenn to comment on that, as he is directly involved in the day-to-day handling of that situation, which, as you know, is the Alberta RFP.
David P. King: Yes, it's Dave. We continue to work with the state Medicaid programs we have, and there are some managed Medicaid programs as well that have been challenging for us. While we have made some progress there, the progress has been slower than I would like. So we have now undertaken a review of accounts that are generating a large amount of MoPath volumes and high write-offs and relatively -- other relatively small amounts of other business. And we're starting to shed those accounts because they are generating a large amount of MoPath volumes, high write-offs, so there's a significant amount of expense in performing the MoPath. So we're attacking the problem on both sides, one is continuing to work with the payers and the other is pruning accounts that are basically, in our view, just using the opportunity to send us MoPath with the recognition that we're not going to get reimbursed for it.
David P. King: Lisa, it's Dave. I think it's too early to draw any conclusions about more lab tests or fewer lab tests from the population of users of BeaconLBS. I would point you to the slide in our investor deck that talks about 20% overutilization of lab tests in certain circumstances and 45% utilization in other common diseases -- sorry, 45% underutilization in other common disease states. So the point is, BeaconLBS is really less about overutilization/underutilization than it is about choosing the right test for the patient at the right time based on a Q&A that's presented to the physician. So I think as we think about over time and again, refer you to the investor deck, the slide that shows the growth in number of lab tests per patient in the population from 1997 to 2008 and also the increase in lab test per patient per year as patients age, I don't think we're talking about dramatic decreases in volume of laboratory testing as a result of trying to manage cost and trend. I think what we're talking about is exactly what we've always talked about, which is better use of lab testing for diagnostics, better use of the tools to get at the disease state and better use of lab testing in support of precision medicine and personalized care. And that's the goal not only of BeaconLBS, but also of our decision-support programs. It's all about how do we get the right test to the right patient at the right time because we are here for the patient and how do we use lab testing to integrate with other data that will enhance the care that the physician is able to provide to the patient.
David P. King: Sure. We're very pleased with BRCA volumes. We've seen very nice, steady growth since the time that we launched it. Moving to the Next-Gen Sequencing platform has enabled us to significantly increase the speed of performing the test. So most of the "BRCA backlog" that we have is due to the preauthorization requirements and we wait for preauthorization. But volume continues to grow, the throughput in the lab is excellent and we're very, very pleased with where we are in the market.
David P. King: Bryan, it's Dave. I think the benefit from ACA has been greater than we have expected from a volume perspective this year. I think if you go back and look at what we said starting in the fourth quarter of last year, that we expected ACA to be relatively neutral, maybe a slight net positive. I mean, obviously, from a volume perspective, I think ACA has contributed to our growth and particularly to the very strong organic growth. I think it's hard to know next year because there are many factors up in the air. Medicaid -- the potential of Medicaid expansion in some additional states, some of the grandfathered plans or the plans that were allowed to be grandfathered for 1 more year that were noncompliant going away and people moving to the exchanges. Patients -- pre-Medicare patients moving to exchanges and even some managed Medicare moving to the exchanges. So I'm hesitant to forecast what it would be, particularly given the inaccuracy of my earlier forecast. But we do see ACA as a net positive in terms of volume. And again, as we have mentioned, there is somewhat of a drag on price due to test mix and also due to payer mix.
David P. King: And Bryan, just a thought. Just one other thing. So we're not assuming any improvement in the MoPath, specifically, we're not assuming any improvement in the MoPath payment experience. And we also have not factored in any financial benefit from the enterprise-wide reengineering, although, obviously, the cost side of that is factored in.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. Yes, I think that if you look at the tests that were launched in the informaSEQ, the various NGS methodologies, the -- all of the infectious disease-related tests that follow on the HCV screening, the Exome business, I mean, all of these are high value. We also were pleased to see that, from a mix perspective, we had an increase in pathology volume this quarter, which, as you know, has been a challenging area for us. So all of these things helped mix. And I think over -- again, all other things being equal, we would expect to see mix improve next year. The unknown in that is that the mix component, particularly of the ACA/managed Medicaid, is a mix that is more driven towards the -- or more weighted towards the core testing, and so that offsets some of the benefit. And partly, that's because of payment policies of not paying for molecular pathology and genetic testing, and partly, it's just because of patients new in the system are getting tests that are more weighted toward core testing. So there are a lot of moving parts in there, but we continue to strive to return to that 40% esoteric mix and, obviously, over time, we've said 45%, and we think that's a realistic aspiration for ourselves.
David P. King: I don't think we have a lot of visibility into the -- into Next-Gen codes. So far, our experience with payment for Next-Gen methodology has been fine because again, it's a different methodology for performing testing that already has codes assigned. So it's too early to tell at this time, but I will tell you that we're working very hard to avoid a repeat of the MoPath situation in terms of payer policies and utilization.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. The Medicaid volume was a much bigger percentage of growth in the earlier quarters than it is now. So that's actually abated over time, and it's very hard to attribute that with any precision. But you could argue that, that was people who were getting coverage for the first time under the ACA and were going to the doctor at the beginning of the year. That has -- the -- Medicaid, make no mistake, managed Medicaid has grown significantly this year, but the percentage of overall growth that it accounts for has declined from the first quarter to the second quarter and declined again from the second to the third. In terms of the exchanges, we don't have a lot of visibility about who are our exchange patients because again, they just come to us with an insurance card, and that insurance card says that they have XYZ insurance. It doesn't say that they are exchange patients. So we are seeing, as Glenn mentioned, strong revenue growth from the managed care payer set and some of that, undoubtedly, is exchange-based and some of it is growth in commercial lines.
David P. King: Gary, we obviously are in the process of working through our budget, which leads to our guidance in February, so I'm not going to answer the question directly because I think it would be unfair to do so. But what I will say is, when we think about 2015, at least what we're seeing in the trends, we have no major managed care renewals. We have a trend of volume strengthening through 2014. Now again, some of that could be one time because of ACA, but obviously, we're very pleased with the volume, and particularly the organic volume contribution in this quarter. Price has been moderating and no guarantee that, that continues, but we've lapped some of the major pricing events, the doc fix cut sequestration, the major impact of MoPath. So what I would say is, there aren't any obvious reasons as I think about the performance in 2014 why we shouldn't see operating margin improvement in 2015. There's no obvious headwinds that are blowing on our faces at the moment, but -- and we feel good about that. But things could change, and so I'm not going to kind of put a stake in the ground right now and say, "Yes, you should expect to see operating margins improve." That would be our hope based on the continuation of the -- if we see the continuation of these positive trends.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. Again, managed care is a very large -- we have over 2,000, 2,500 managed care relationships and contracts, so it's not accurate to paint managed care as having a particular margin. We don't have margins within our business. As I think we've said on a number of occasions, when a specimen goes through the instrument, the instrument doesn't care if it's a Medicare specimen, a Medicaid specimen or a managed care specimen. We don't have margins by payer. What I would say is, the growth in managed care, particularly what you saw in the first quarter, and to some extent, in the second quarter of the year, was overweighted toward movement of patients who previously were uninsured into managed Medicaid. So that, just from a pure price perspective, accounted for a lot of the drag that you saw. And you saw that starting to abate in the third quarter.
David P. King: David, it's Dave. My perspective on FDA regulation of LDTs is quite clear and I've been pretty vocal about it. Diagnostic testing is not a device, it's a medical service. LDTs, the FDA, in our view, does not have the authority to regulate LDTs as medical devices. They don't have the statutory authority to do that because medical tests are not devices. On top of that, the attempt to make this kind of regulatory change through a guidance document, which on its face says that it's not binding on the FDA and only reflects their current views and yet, in this document, lays out a 10-year regulatory plan with registration requirements and penalties for those who don't register, to me, is just incomprehensible. So my perspective is, this is one of the biggest land grab attempts in the history of regulation. And from my perspective, we intend to vigorously oppose it. What could it do to our business? I mean, first of all, it could dramatically affect the practice of medicine, and it is the practice of medicine when doctors select what test to use. And I don't understand how FDA thinks that somehow, creating this great regulatory system around laboratory developed tests is going to help doctors practice medicine. It interferes with the practice of medicine where doctors make rational choices about the tests that they want to use. Furthermore, there's been no study of the economic impact on our industry, on patients or on the practice of medicine related to this because FDA has not followed the proper administrative procedure for doing what it's trying to do. So I think you can tell that I feel very, very strongly about this, and my perspective is that we, as an industry, need to oppose this attempt at regulation as strongly as we possibly can.
David P. King: Well, my understanding is that the test is approved and being offered for high-risk patients. Now there's no question that -- again, let's go back to the last question you asked, which was LDTs and the practice of medicine. Some physicians in the course of the practice of medicine are choosing noninvasive prenatal screening for average-risk patients. That's the physician's choice. We are certainly not marketing the test or presenting the test that way. I will say that most of the payers have policies against payment for noninvasive prenatal testing for average risk. And I think to get a payment -- to get payment in place, the test is going to just need more data to support its use in the average risk population.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. The guidance assumes that the fourth quarter will be much like prior fourth quarters in the sense that major contributors to our performance are holidays, weather, limited -- a fewer number of revenue days because of Thanksgiving and obviously the Christmas and New Year's season. So what we do is, obviously, we build the guidance off the full year model and we look at prior fourth quarter experience and incorporate that in, and I can't say that it does or does not include seasonal upticks in volume or seasonal downticks in volume. It's just the guidance, as we always say, encompasses a wide range of outcomes and it's built on a model based on past experience.
David P. King: Sure. So we've actually -- quite recently, the ACLA membership went and met over at CMS, with folks who were working on the -- how the market survey is going to be formulated and how they're going to evaluate market pricing. And I think the good news coming away from that discussion is that, first of all, CMS recognizes it's a complex task that they've been assigned. And I think, second of all, they generally want to do a good job because I think the understanding of the -- of all the parties was -- that what was intended was, yes, market-based pricing, but it had to be based on true market. It's not just independent lab market. It's not just select market pricing or select test pricing. It's the true market, and the true market has to include commercial payer pricing to hospital laboratories that are paid on an average basis or paid off a commercial lab fee schedule. So obviously, there's a lot of work to be done here. And there will be -- my understanding is there'll be a proposed rule on how the surveys will be conducted that’s going to be coming out from CMS later this year. We are working collaboratively with them as an industry to try to make this a fair process and to get the outcome that the Senate Finance Committee and the government and we agreed, which was the right outcome, which is a market-based pricing benchmark, but again representative of the true market for laboratory services, including all competitors in the marketplace.
David P. King: And -- it's Dave. Just -- the only other comment I'd make is back to an earlier observation about we did see a relative spike in the fourth quarter of last year, so again, it's the year-over-year comp that you're looking at, we think about the sequential comp as being reasonably consistent in terms of the growth rate.
David P. King: So just to be clear, A.J., we don't consolidate the revenue, so it does not have any revenue impact. It only has an impact below the line, and it's quite immaterial.
David P. King: Thank you very much. We thank you, all, for joining us on our call this morning, and we hope that you have a great day. Good day.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Robert, this is Glenn. To your point, we currently are servicing the Alberta Health System, and they did an RFP a while ago and have chosen to go with another company, at least at this stage, to now negotiate a new transaction with them. As you know, we're a minority investor in that company, DynaLIFE. And while the results are not material to us, obviously, we're very disappointed with the decision that's been made by AHS. Having said that, we've not been debriefed yet by them as far as why we didn't go ahead and have our business re-upped. And then there's an appeals process that follows that, should we elect to do that. So getting disappointed with it. We feel Canada is a very attractive market. We are already there outside of just this minority joint venture that we have elsewhere in Canada, and we'll continue to pursue all the options we have to continue to perform business out there.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: No it's -- maybe I'll just add just a little bit of color because I think that addresses it pretty well. I think where we're pleased is the amount of organic growth that we're experiencing in the company, pleased with the amount of productivity that we're getting through that as we leverage our lab. But as Dave said, when you have price and mix issues, obviously that falls down to the bottom line. In addition, we've had some bad debt rate increase and expense that, again, we think we peaked that on. So as we go forward, we would expect to see that to start to show favorable comps, which will help. Again, I don't know if you're looking at it on an as-adjusted basis, but we also had some restructuring in special items. And to that point, in recognition of the fact that we are seeing the margin squeeze because of pricing, we're really looking at this business process improvement initiative and restructuring in order to continue to leverage our cost structure, which will continue to benefit the company as we go forward.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, sure, Per Ostlund. As Dave made a comment, I guess, in his opening remarks, we do recognize that our cash balances have increased. The good news is, obviously, we continue to generate good free cash flow that's providing that while we continue to pursue acquisitions and do share repurchases. We've not changed our, call it, targeted leverage, the 2.5x debt to EBITDA, which we realize that on a net basis, we would be below that level right now given our cash balances. So we continue to look at opportunities, we continue to expect to redeploy our capital and we would continue to at least expect that, that cash balance will decline over future periods.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Bryan, this is Glenn. You're right, for the share repurchases and M&A, we don't after the third quarter, so project that out. But obviously, we continue to be in the market and again, have an acquisition that we announced, albeit would not be material to our fourth quarter results, albeit, hopefully, we do close it in the quarter. The rest of the guidance is based upon just essentially the organic growth that we're seeing. We've given guidance at the top line for the year, so you kind of get an implication of what that means for the fourth quarter. Similarly, we expect to have good operating performance and results in the fourth quarter. I think this was a question earlier with the pressures that we've been having from price and mix, you can see that the comps for the quarter compared to the quarter a year ago, each time the margin differential is narrowing, so we're starting to see that price mix abate a bit. So hopefully, with good volume, we'll start to see good leverage with pricing and mix not impacting as much. We're -- now hopefully, we'll start to see some favorable comps on margins year-over-year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Just as a general comment to your point, gross profit is growing because of the benefit of the volume that we're getting. We talked earlier about just the price mix, while it's a little bit of a headwind, it's been mitigating. So the additional volume we're getting is helping the gross margin. As we look forward, again, we got kind of given the implied numbers for the fourth quarter, so we actually expect to see a pretty good comparison year-over-year, still having a bit of a headwinds. But when you look sequentially, the fourth quarter normally would be a lower-volume period for us compared to the third, so from a trend, if you will, expect that. But we're pleased at least with the volume there, with the productivity that we're getting. Gross profit, it's going to be holding into that kind of range and that we should start to see now even better leverage on our cost structure as we go forward, especially that now this is on the S&A side as the bad debt now starts to compare favorably from period-to-period.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Ricky, this is Glenn. Overall, again, we did comment that managed care was the strongest growth of the payer groups that we have, but it is a little bit of a mix. So some of that growth is coming out of other areas as opposed to just natural growth, such as patient, if you will, and third party that may have moved into that. But overall, when we look at, from a test perspective, we saw a pretty broad growth really across both the core and the esoteric parts of our business. But from a shift, to your point, managed care is coming in at roughly around 45% of the business that we have. So from a mix standpoint, it increased greater than our other payer categories. But again, with the exception, I guess, of client, that would have been up a fair amount as well. Others would have come down and moved into those categories.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Isaac, this is Glenn. Again, it's just a very proactive approach to doing it. Bad debt, just given the volumes we have, will go up. But what we've seen is that from a rate standpoint, based upon historical performance, we saw our rate rise. We now have seen a trend for -- this current quarter is now down from the prior quarter around 20 basis points. If we maintain that level currently, which is at least our expectation now, that it will start to comp favorably to the rate that we would have the same period a year ago. We continue to be very proactive. Part of our business process improvement initiative as well, encompasses how we go about our efforts to collect, and we're encouraged about the initial progress that we're seeing and we would expect that to continue.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: We did not. We gave that, kind of from a volume standpoint, we were up around 6.9%, with most of that coming from organic. You're looking at a little over, call it, 5.5%, give or take, would come from organic and, call it, 1 point, 1.5 points coming from acquisitions.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: A.J., this is Glenn, and then ask Dave if he wants to share in the color. You're right, our expectation for the fourth year-over-year is, call it, the 3.3% based on the implied guidance. So that would take the seasonality out, if you will, from a year-over-year. So clearly, it's a reason why sequentially, our fourth quarter estimate is down from the third quarter for the reasons that Dave alluded to earlier. Again, we still feel that there's good, strong organic growth that's in that. We're still seeing some negative implications from price mix that will affect it, but it's becoming less and less. So, the good news is that while the growth on the volume is now at that 3 plus or minus percent growth, we're starting to now get leverage even off of that level. So that we'll continue to see comparability in our margins and earnings, if you will, year-over-year, at that 3% level of revenue growth and hopefully even -- we'll see even better leverage than that.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: A.J., the contract that we currently have, I believe, takes us through 2016. And as Dave said, given that we're a minority investor in it, we don't consolidate it, so revenues don't show and the earnings, obviously, we take below the line, which again, we don't want to give up, but it's not material.
