Dave King: So with respect to PAMA, what we have been saying since the beginning of the year is that we expected the reductions, starting with our clinical lab fee schedule revenue, we expected the reductions to be in the range of 6% to 8%. Based on the preliminary rates that have been proposed, and assuming a couple of corrections of obvious errors -- so for example, the lipid panel, the general health panel, were actually proposed to be cut almost 50% in the first year, which is far in excess of the statutory limit of 10%. Assuming those are corrected, we think at this point, that the impact will be toward the highest end -- or to the higher end of that 6% to 8% estimate that we’ve given of clinical fees -- clinical laboratory fee schedule revenue. So hopefully that helps frame what we think the financial impact is going to be. Obviously, that’s all price, and so it largely falls through. I will say, as we’ve mentioned, there are a number of offsetting items when you think about earnings. Obviously, the continuation of LaunchPad, the projected growth at Covance, the benefit from Chiltern, the benefit from PAML and Mount Sinai and the Covance LaunchPad process will all be offsets to the PAMA reductions. And we also believe that as we continue to expand our patient-facing capabilities with things like the patient estimator, simplifying check-in, rolling those out to our in-office phlebotomists, that we also have some opportunity to offset some of the PAMA impacts with bad debt. And then finally, of course, capital allocation also helps us to offset in terms of EPS, although not necessarily in terms of earnings in year one. So that’s how we think about the impact of PAMA and hope that helps frame it a little bit. On United, we continue to have a regular and positive conversation with United, including at the most senior levels of the organization. I don’t have any update to give you other than that we’re pleased with the progress of the conversations. And again, I would say I think it’s in our interest, and I think United believes it’s in their interest to get some clarity as soon as we can, recognizing that the contract continues through the end of 2018. And so there isn’t any obvious 2018 impact from any of the ongoing conversations.
Dave King: Jack, good morning. Obviously, the commercial pricing environment over the last several years has been pretty stable. And we expect it to continue to be stable. I certainly think as we go into these conversations, we are making it known to the commercial payers that any price reduction, remember, PAMA is an ongoing process with reporting required once every three years, so any price reductions that they seek would roll through to government pricing in the future. I think that is a constraint off, at least on our willingness to think about significant price reductions in terms of commercial contract renegotiation. Obviously, the discussions are not all about price, they are about the value proposition, they are about what else we bring to the table with Covance beyond pure laboratory services. They are about the value proposition, about our companion diagnostics capabilities and industry leadership, and in the number of areas of esoteric testing and our centers of excellence. So I think there are multiple factors that are part of these conversations. But realistically, there’s always a conversation around unit price and we absolutely do our best to maintain unit price stable, and we will continue to do so.
Dave King: All right, I think -- let me first say that obviously 2019 is very uncertain. The PAMA statute provides for a three-year process. In our meetings with CMS, one of the concerns that they have expressed with the statute is, normally, they do things on a one-year cycle. And if it’s not working right after a year, they have the ability to change course. This statute does not seem to provide them with that and so one of the things we’re talking with them and Congress about is a legislative fix that this thing does not become a perpetual three-year process, but gives CMS some opportunity to adjust it. So having said that, I would assume that 2019 would be about the same as 2018. Again, we don’t have a lot of visibility into what changes CMS may make administratively, but I think in terms of assumptions, that’s a reasonable assumption over time. 
Dave King: Yes, so we’re in the process of implementing in Florida, call it a version 2 of BeaconLBS, which responds to some of the concerns that have been expressed by customers and by United about ease of use and other factors. And so I’m pleased with the fact that we’ve developed that and we’re in the process of rolling it out. We don’t have any plans between us and United to roll into further markets at this point, but BeaconLBS has been selected to be the tool for United’s molecular test management, which will be starting later this year. So we see positive trajectory here, and we’ll continue to evaluate what’s the best way that BeaconLBS can become what we want it to be, which is a physician decision support and utilization tool that leads doctors to right test, right time for the right patients.
Dave King: And Amanda, just quickly on that, because I did not mention it. We shouldn’t overlook the power of the Covance investigator database, because we have information on investigators, all the investigators who conduct trials, not only that Covance runs, but also that Covance is involved in, for example, through the central lab. So not only can we look at patients, but we can look at investigator sites, who’s enrolled patients, who’s successfully completed trials, who’s had a higher retention rate in trials. And that’s extremely important, because more than half of the trial sites never enroll a single patient, and to be able to eliminate those from early consideration is a very valuable asset for a sponsor.
Dave King: So Kevin, a small portion of our commercial revenue is tied to Medicare and it mostly would fall in the managed Medicare and managed Medicaid area, but that in and of itself is not going to significantly change the impact of whatever is implemented with PAMA.
Dave King: Well, I think, Bill, if you look at our history of acquisition activity, we always start with it has to be strategic. And so you look at two significant transactions that we’ve done this year on the lab side, PAML and Mount Sinai, highly strategic, health-system integrated, New York City market, Pacific Northwest market, multiple joint ventures underneath the PAML structure, just great transactions for us in terms of long term positioning of the business and growth. There is a quite robust pipeline of potential acquisitions, there has been for some time. Again, we are very selective in terms of what we acquire from strategic fit, from geographic fit, from therapeutic fit. And I feel optimistic that we’re going to see some good opportunities. I don’t know that PAMA has changed it that much. It may be that once PAMA is implemented, we’ll see some greater activity around the smaller assets. But we continue to look at all of these assets as do they fit our strategic model, and if they do, then are the valuations reasonable.
Dave King: Well, traditional fee-for-service Medicaid is a very small part of our book. It’s probably about 2% of the book. It is not tied to Medicare per se, but fee-for-service Medicaid is not allowed to pay more than the Medicare National Limitation Amount, the NLA. So if the Medicare NLA is reduced and now the Medicaid NLA is above it, that -- I’m sorry, the Medicaid payment rate is above it, then the Medicaid rate will be reduced, it’s required by law. The reality is that many state Medicaids already pay well below the current Medicare NLA. So I do not think there is going to be a significant impact from fee-for-service Medicaid in terms of the PAMA pricing.
Dave King: Ricky, it’s Dave. I think it’s too early to make a prediction about what will happen with margins. Obviously, PAMA is a -- will be a headwind. We do have the tailwinds that I mentioned earlier, and I’m not going to run through them all again. And we also have the potential to deploy capital toward acquisitions that could -- that could be incremental to margins as well. So instinctively, it’s going to be difficult to keep margins flat, but I’m not prepared to say that we won’t be able to at this point without knowing what’s really going to happen.
Dave King: Yes, Ricky, nothing, if you will. For the quarter, we did three acquisitions, obviously, Chiltern for the drug development being the largest and we did two small tuck-ins there. But the acquisition number is not just for the last quarter, but will be for any acquisitions that we would have done over the -- essentially, the last 11 months. So anything that hasn’t annualized would be a factor that shows up into what the contribution from M&A is. And then each quarter, new acquisitions coming in and then those that annualize off will change. So in the case of Diagnostics, we commented that Sequenom annualized in September, so obviously, it wasn’t for a period of the quarter. This time next quarter, Sequenom will now be a part of our organic growth.
Dave King: First of all, I certainly have never said or meant to imply that it was our intention to walk away from providing any particular test or any particular service to our patients. We’re here for the patients, first and foremost, and so that would not be something in our thinking. That said, obviously, we and everybody else in the industry will be looking at our infrastructure, looking at access points, looking at size of the business. We have about 1,800 patient service centers. We have phlebotomists in doctors’ offices; we have to look at whether we’re right-sized, given the changes if PAMA gets implemented. I think of more concern in terms of beneficiary access is rural areas where the impact of PAMA will be most demonstrably felt, and yet, fewer than 2% of the data points were from rural laboratories or rural hospitals. Nursing homes, which is a very unique service provided largely by local providers, it’s a completely different model from our model, which largely is focused on ambulatory patients. These are -- typically, they’re patients who are, obviously, they’re in a nursing facility, many of them are in a bed. Someone has to go out there and draw them and I won’t go into all the detail, but it’s a very different business model. Our concern as an industry is that’s where the access will be lost and those are the people who actually most critically need laboratory services, which again, 3% of total Medicare spend and if you look at the OIG reports, the spending trend has been flat over the last three years. So the impact of these cuts is completely out of proportion to what Congress ever intended. Now in terms of the receptivity, the industry collectively, and I want to compliment my CEO and executive colleagues from around the industry, we’ve had a tremendous amount of activity on Capitol Hill and otherwise, the ACLA, the 21 other health care groups that joined the letter from ACLA urging a delay in the PAMA rates, there’s a very strong consensus, including the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the College of American Pathology, that these rates are not right and that CMS should wait to get them right and should do the appropriate thing here. As we said, this is a first foray into market based pricing for Medicare, and it’s a bad start to what Congress is trying to accomplish. So there is receptivity to thinking about both a near-term and long-term solution, but obviously, the challenge is going to be in the details of how do you get that done, given that we’ve just filed comments, CMS proposes to finalize the rates. It’s the end of October and these rates are supposed to go into effect in two months.
Dave King: Ralph, it’s Dave. It is in the commercial bucket, I think it’s broken out as part of managed care revenue. We don’t break out specifically how much is Medicare Advantage, and typically, those rates would tend to be commercially negotiated as opposed to set by the Medicare fee schedule. So we’re five past the hour, everybody, and we have three more people in the queue. I just ask you to make sure that the question you’re asking has not already been answered. Please, we’ll try to get to everyone.
Dave King: Yes, it’s Dave, as I said in response to this question when Bill Quirk asked it, I think that the M&A environment and the pipeline has been pretty robust. I think it’s going to continue to be robust. I’m not sure what the impact will be on the smaller labs, whether it will be M&A, whether it will be that they’ll try to throw in their lot with the hospitals, it’s just very unclear. But we like the acquisition pipeline and we will continue to be selective in the deals that we choose to do.
Dave King: Thank you very much. In closing, I just want to, again, thank all of the 57,000 colleagues for a really terrific performance in the quarter. Again, recognize the efforts on behalf of patients and the community in response to these very impactful storms and reiterate the -- we are very, very pleased with our very strong performance in the quarter and we’re extremely optimistic about the future of our business in the years ahead of. Thank you, and good day.
John Ratliff: No, it’s just that now that we’ve been awarded the $0.5 billion in studies, based on that data, we understand that, that capability is highly valuable to the customers and an important component of the biopharma offering. We saw strength across the segments in terms of the 1.33. Obviously, in order to push the 12 months up continuously we’re getting higher than the average. But from the 1.1 to the 1.15 to the 1.23 to the 1.33, so showing strength across all segments, especially the central labs.
John Ratliff: I think from the standpoint of now incorporating and integrating Chiltern in, has a little bit of volatility, and anytime you’re coming up the range of the organic growth from the cancellations that have impacted revenue up in the last side, now into stronger growth across the segments allows for the reason why the range is where the range is.
John Ratliff: Yes, I’d say our organic revenue growth in the quarter was slightly below our prior expectations. But let’s keep the focus. We had strong improvements sequentially, we had improvements in revenue growth year-on-year, and so with the book-to-bill of the 1.33 over the last 12 months, we see now that getting back to the stronger organic growth of that single to mid- to high single-digit growth in the future, and so strong quarter.
John Ratliff: No, I just think from the standpoint of when you talk database, you probably need to just broaden that out to data in general. And as Dave said, whether it’s the diagnostics data in getting the 500,000 specimen tests a day, and/or the global data that we have within the central labs, that’s identifying sites, that’s getting patient recruitment in an accelerated basis, and that’s becoming pervasive on anytime we go out on clinical trial bid defenses, et cetera. And then as Dave stated, it also depends upon your medic, your PM, your team that you put out there. It depends on the preferred sites that we now have that is advantageous. The solutions we now bring to the table with companion diagnostics, with the actual health systems now that are becoming part of the network. We feel like we have a differentiated solution in that regard, and that’s helping us win in general and a contributing factor to the 1.33 book-to-bill.
John Ratliff: The Chiltern new business was immaterial to the book-to-bill, and on the RFP, we saw progression first to second, second to third, so a nice trend rate in terms of proposals. I think 3Q was comparable to a little bit up from 2Q. And then in terms of the segment approach of the performance of the business, central labs was strong. Obviously, the clinical business integrating in Chiltern in terms of after the September 1 completion and then on the early development a nice momentum on the order rates. So that’s a little bit of description in terms of the individual silos.
John Ratliff: It’s a great business. We don’t break out the segment results, it’s strong. Obviously, we’re in the number one, number two position, depending on which area of the segmentation within the preclinical, both the chemistry and the non-chemistry side of the business. And with that leadership position, we feel like we can now really broaden out even some of the areas of service and the menu of science that we bring to the table. And as Dave even stated, our commitment in terms of investing in areas of the business, whether that’s the BioCMC or the BioA or in the base infrastructure and large molecule, et cetera, is evidenced by the capital allocation that we’re putting to the business unit.
John Ratliff: I think, from the standpoint of the segments, just slightly less in terms of the early development and clinical, but still having aggregate growth year-on-year in terms of the Covance organic and then sequential growth in all of those segments.
John Ratliff: Dave, in terms of the pricing, it’s pretty stable. Obviously, all of pharma is looking for efficiencies and more effective approaches to trials and we need to continue then to develop our own efficiencies in-house. So there’s always going to be that dynamic, but it’s a pretty stable environment. And then from the standpoint of the opportunities, we consider, when I look across the spectrum, number one, the Chiltern acquisition now opens up a much more broader infrastructure, much more broader base to now attack the faster R&D growth environment of the small, medium, emerging, because their dollars are growing more in the high singles than the large pharma.  We do see opportunities in terms of the real-world areas. Asia Pacific, we just added now another 700-plus employee base, they can go attack the Asia Pac environment. We see early clinical and in terms of a very positive opportunity base, but even some of our base businesses, Dave, in terms of whether it’s on the safety assessment, the metabolic lead optimization, the central labs, building upon your strength, building upon the significant technical resources that you have, we see that the base is growing. So appropriate question, we’re all looking for those adjacent opportunities and we see Covance primed to take advantage of that.
John Ratliff: Well, I see that continuing. I haven’t seen the shift from programmatic to FSPs. I’ve just seen a continuing penetration of the FSPs. We’ve seen a couple of companies actually go more balanced from just an FSP strategy to more of a, as an example, programmatic in the oncology versus FSP on all other. But with that in mind, we then, with Chiltern, now add a greater talent base, where they are focused on the FSP business was more in that data management stack, programming, to now bring forward an enterprise offering with Covance having the FSP CoSource business with respect to the monitoring. So now being an enterprise offering that encompasses all the different segments, and now trying to take advantage of that broader-based service offering.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, the only thing I’d add, too, is we do give different ranges to segments. Obviously, Diagnostics being the bigger one, we use a narrower range, and frankly, a little less volatile over historical trends anyway. But we did narrow the range as we get closer toward the end of the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, overall, the improvement in the free cash flow as well as our guidance, obviously, was tied to the earnings, but also in the broader case of working capital management. We’ve seen a lot of progress that we’ve done through our LaunchPad initiative that’s been focused on order-to-cash and using tools to improve DSOs. Each quarter, as you can imagine, there’s always going to be some timing difference between different working capital categories, whether they be receivables or payables. We did get a benefit in payables in this quarter, which was a nice contributor, and again, some of that will be timing that should go the other way. Obviously, that would be factored into the full year guidance that we have and therefore, the implied guidance in the fourth quarter still is to generate pretty substantial free cash flow and also includes the benefit year-over-year from bad debt management.
Glenn Eisenberg: It’s effectively where we’re billing or we recognize revenues but we’ve not billed it yet, so it’s just going along the time lines of working to various milestones with our customers, so to just some extent, it’s treated like a receivable. It’s, again, we’ve recognized the revenue, which is included, but we’ve yet to bill the customer. And therefore, we know that’s additional proceeds that will come in, or cash comes in when we ultimately bill them.
Glenn Eisenberg: Right, very, very small, wouldn’t move the numbers, but we continue to be acquisitive and again, they were not meaningful at all.
Glenn Eisenberg: All right, I’d say the comment that you take the annualized number that we’ve provided, obviously for Chiltern, and take the four months, will give you a good proxy for the contribution that will come from the acquisition. We’ve given you as well the impact from currency, so we do expect organic growth year-over-year within the, call it, the legacy Covance prior to Chiltern. So similar comment within the third quarter. We’ve enjoyed good sequential growth off of the base business organically, as well as year-over-year. And the trends, given the strength of the bookings and our existing backlog and what will convert, again, gives us a lot of confidence, as John commented earlier, that we’ll continue to see good revenue growth within Covance going forward, based on all those attributes.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, Ralph, couple of things that come into play. One, the impact from the reduced volumes. But also we did build up our bad debt reserve during the quarter for the potential challenges of collections in those affected areas, again, based upon what our historical experience. So you have kind of the drop-down on the impact of volume. Obviously, incremental volume for us is very profitable, so that comes down, plus the increase in the bad debt expense, if you will, as a result. So the two of those caused around a $15 million negative impact on our operating income and to your point, around 17 millionish impact on the revenue line.
