David King: Okay, well, so first of all, we said 3 to 5 years on the 45% from esoteric. Second of all, on the particular test within the esoteric category, yes, clearly, some of them like vitamin D are slowing on a year-over-year basis because you're off of the much higher base. Some of them like IL28B are growing dramatically on a year-over-year basis again because you're off the small base. So there's a lot -- this is why it's important for us to continue to bring new tests to market, particularly new tests that are reasonably priced in the esoteric category so that -- and again, vitamin D is still growing but it's not growing as fast year-to-year because you're off of a bigger base. But as growth slows in those areas, we can replace it with growth in other testing. As to gross margins, obviously gross margins were dragged by the acquisitions this quarter but if you actually look at gross margin perspective, I think over the -- probably last couple of years, gross margin has actually been improving as the efficiency initiatives have taken hold. So there isn't any reason why gross margin should go down over time. It should improve.
David King: As you know, Bill, and I appreciate the fact that you're talking about checking different boxes because as you know, we feel quite strongly about the need not to jam these things together in a way that it encourages odd ordering pattern. So I think the answer to your question is it's an option that we will offer. I do think that there will be a good deal of physician interest in the test. And my belief is that we have been offering the test in some form already as number of other labs. But certainly, the fact that Gen-Probe got the approval should bring some further focus to physicians on appropriate utilization.
David King: So that's 2 follow-up questions. So now, it must be a 3 biscuit morning, and no, the only thing we're going to say about it is we periodically make investments and ideas that we think are interesting, opportunistic and strategic and have the potential to work out well for us. This was an opportunity that was interesting and opportunistic and strategic and did not work out well for us. In my recollection, in my 10 years at LabCorp, it's the first time that we've sort of had anything like this. It just was not successful, but I view it purely as a onetime event and not something that there's a risk of repetition.
David King: Okay, this is a complex question so let me try to address the various component parts of it. First of all, there's developed this kind of idea that somehow stack coding is a bad thing and that could not be more inaccurate because the way -- CPT stands for Current Procedural Terminology and the P is Procedure and so we build by procedure. So if we perform in a particular molecular test, if we perform a particular procedure like a DNA amplification 20x, then it is absolutely appropriate to bill 20 units of DNA amplification and bill 20 to that CPT code. There's nothing wrong with what "code stacking".  However, what has been pointed out to the lab industry is a couple of things. One, there are some labs that use CPT coding to generate and the way that they code their tests to generate higher revenue for testing than other labs. And this is a concern because you can look at -- as we were showing in a meeting one time, you can look at 4 different labs billing Medicare for the same test with 4 completely different sets of CPT codes. And so there is a concern that coding in general and it's not code stacking, it's just coding in general, can be used in a way that maximizes reimbursement. And we don't do that and, obviously, we do not support it.  The other thing that is a concern is, there's very little transparency in what the payer sees from a CPT coding perspective. So they look at, to go back to my example, 20 units of DNA amplification and they don't know what they're buying. They don't know if that's a cystic fibrosis test. They don't know if it's fragile X. They don't know what the test is. And so there has been a push for greater transparency in coding, which has led to the idea that we should have a single code for highly-utilized molecular test like cystic fibrosis and fragile X and some others.  And we support transparency in coding and billing and obviously, that's a laudatory goal. So the reasons that, in our view, this is not a particularly big issue is, at least at present, is first of all, this is a Medicare initiative and the amount of molecular testing, particularly in these categories like CF and fragile X that you do for Medicare, is really immaterial.  Second of all, we don't have any indication that there is any consideration of major changes to reimbursement as a result of this initiative. So nobody said, well, cystic fibrosis reimbursement is going to be dramatically cut as a result of this and usually -- and we don't know how these tests are going to be reimbursed. But our expectation is that reimbursement levels can be relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past. And that would be the fair way to handle them, the appropriate way for CMS to handle it. So I realized it's a long answer, Bill, and I'm sorry for having gone on. But I think it's important that people so really understand what's going on here, which is we do support transparency in coding. We do support payers knowing what they're paying for. We don't have a huge amount of revenue at risk and believe me, we are through ACLA and individually and our partner labs in ACLA are doing the same thing. We are going to fight to make sure that there is not a negative impact on reimbursement as a result of this initiative.
David King: Thank you, Jeff. We appreciate your taking time to listen to our first quarter earnings call and hope you have a great day, good day.
David King: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our first quarter 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our 5-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
David King: It's Dave. I'll start and then I'm going to let Brad give you some specific details. But let me first say that we do not see any major clouds on the horizon or bumps in the road that caused us to be concerned about the guidance. As you say, 1 quarter does not make a year and the guidance that we gave, as we always say, is intended to encompass a broad range of potential outcomes. So there's nothing out there that is a concern to us that we see coming down the road. But the quarter was in line with our internal expectations. And as Steve mentioned, the share count and the seasonality do have an impact on where we see the estimates versus what we look at internally. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brad to add some color.
David King: Bill, it's Dave. I think if you look at our year-over-year patient service center numbers, you will see that they're probably up by a total of about 100 and most of that is due to the Westcliff acquisition. So our patient service center numbers are relatively stable and I think in terms of access for patients and access to draws, we're not seeing anything that would cause us to feel that there's an increase in competition. Obviously, it's always a very competitive business.  In terms of an office phlebotomy, that's been an area in which we have certainly seen growth over time. I would say it's relatively stable at this point. So as we've said many times, our strategy here is to use the efficiency gains that we're making in the laboratories, in the patient service centers to redeploy our personnel into customer-facing positions. So we are continuing to invest in the business. A lot of that investment goes into IT and automation and better efficiency, and that allows us to basically put more people in front of the customers without having to increase our headcount.
David King: Without making reference to specific year-over-year performance, Bob, what I would say is, from a revenue perspective, my understanding is this was the best quarter that Genzyme has recorded in its history in terms of revenue performance, and we also were pleased with the profitability of the business.
David King: All of that is in process but it's not fully implemented. So that's part of the reason. As we get into the second half of the year, we expect to see more of that impact in both our pricing and the overall price.
David King: Yes. The major activities, as we said from the beginning, what we started out with was the kind of SG&A stuff. So FedEx, logistics, the overlapping personnel, for example, financial staff, which we didn't need. There has been -- we've made some move to consolidate the sales forces particularly in the Oncology business. And we continue to look at all the areas of overlap to make sure that we're moving toward optimizing the business. But as I've said from the very beginning with regard to this acquisition, the number one priority is maintaining and growing the revenue, and that's why we're really very pleased with the revenue performance this quarter. Obviously, as the revenue grows, that enhances the profitability of the business and makes it less necessary to look at operational cuts. So we're continuing to look hard at the opportunities that we have in SG&A and facilities and other overlapping areas. But at the same time, making sure that top line revenue is stable and growing is number one for us.
David King: Bob, it's Dave. We've not made a final decision on that, either -- well, in the U.S. In the U.K., the intention is to keep the Orchid business essentially as is and I think it's actually the Cellmark brand over there. We're still subject to regulatory approval on the U.S. transaction and so we have not even begun to do any planning on what the businesses would look like after our close.
David King: Brendan, it's Dave. I mean, I don't know what we could really say beyond what we've said already, which is that this is 1 quarter. Obviously, we're very pleased with the quarter. But 1 quarter does not make a whole year. We know that in the second half of the year, the Westcliff and DCL acquisitions will annualize starting in the third quarter. And we get 11 months of Genzyme, not 12 months of Genzyme because that deal closed in December of last year. So obviously, we're optimistic that we're going to perform well. But at the same time, we have 1 quarter under our belt and we want to be realistic in terms of the way we think about the business. And as Brad said and Steve said, the share count matters and the seasonality matters, and we don't give quarterly guidance but the numbers that are out there for the fourth quarter, just by historical basis, are not squaring with the seasonality that we see in the business.
David King: I don't have a number in mind in terms of the total revenue. I think my recollection is about 1.5 million members who have a lab benefit and so that's the base. We have seen a marked improvement in our Empire volumes this quarter and very pleased about that, and we expect that to continue to improve.
David King: Well, every encounter with a patient matters in terms of driving growth. So it is off the small base but at the same time, anytime you see share gains within a new contract, that's a good indication that we are getting organic growth. So it's small but it still contributes.
David King: Gary, it's Dave. Again, terrific quarter for Genzyme. We're very appreciative of the effort of the Genzyme leadership team starting right from the top and the sales leadership as well, all the way down to the individual employees, the sales people, the lab employees, the genetic counselors who've just done a terrific job and really put their shoulder to the wheel in terms of making this business successful. Again, I think it's too early to make a statement that it's going to be better than we thought that it would be. As we noted in response to Bob Willoughby's question, I mean, there will be some managed -- we expect that there will be some managed-care pricing implications later in the year. So I'm delighted with where we are and I have every hope that it will be better, but I don't think we're prepared to incorporate that in any of those financial metrics.
David King: Amanda, it's Dave. I think you can try to slice this down to a very fine set of numbers, but I think the better way to look at it is we saw -- what I would say is we saw strength in all aspects of the business. We saw strength in esoteric, we saw strength in the core, we saw strength in Empire, we saw better volumes in OB/GYN practices that we've been seeing for the last couple of quarters. So I don't think it's -- and we saw better drugs of abuse volume. So I don't think it's necessarily easy or productive to slice every little piece apart as opposed to saying we had good volume growth, we continue the trend that we saw in the fourth quarter and we're cautiously optimistic, but that's the trend we're going to continue to see throughout the year.
David King: Yes. The histology side of the business was -- we continue to see the moderation of in-sourcing. I will say we're starting to see in-sourcing now in the Dermatopathology business, which is concerning for all that reasons that we've articulated, utilization concerns, quality concerns. But the in-sourcing trend has definitely moderated from where it was a year ago, and we continue to work for legislative and regulatory resolutions to what we consider to be a matter of concern, continuing concern.
David King: What drove it is a terrific effort and performance by the Genzyme leadership team and by the LabCorp leadership team in terms of the collaborative way in which we're integrating the business. What drove it is a terrific performance by the Genzyme sales reps, the Genzyme genetic counselors, the lab people. I mean, it's just -- it was a great performance. They came in to the organization energized. They've had strong leadership from the top about why it's important to retain the business and continue to be successful. We've got great leadership on the LabCorp side and collaboration in terms of the steps we've taken in the integration. So those are the real reasons. I think as I said before, it's a people effort putting their shoulder to the wheel and just doing a tremendous job.
David King: Ralph, it's Dave. My recollection is that we had expected that we would be able to integrate Westcliff, I think beginning in June. And so up until that time, I think we had assumed that we would continue to lose about $0.01 a month there and that we would basically turn breakeven kind of in the second to third -- I'm sorry, in the third to fourth quarter timeframe. So we got a little bit of a head start, but nothing is going to materially change the numbers.
David King: I think what we've said and continue to believe is that with the foundation model, if we are growing the top line sort of in the 4% to 6% range that, that should lead to 20 basis points of margin expense and all other things being equal. So there's a lot of noise in this quarter because of Genzyme, Westcliff, DCL, weather, obviously. But to me, what's instructive here is that if you take out all the revenue and all the expense associated with the acquisitions, gross margin would have been up, operating income margin would have been up. So what that says is that kind of on 3% volume growth and 5% revenue growth, we would have achieved margin expansion, which is exactly what we state the foundation model should lead to.
David King: I think it encompasses a whole variety of initiatives that are out there in the marketplace. I mean, obviously, people have been -- they've been writing about pre-authorization of molecular testing and genetic testing. There's been a good deal of discussion about accountable peer organizations and what that's going to mean. There's been a fair amount of discussion about the mandatory MLRs and how managed-care companies are going to deal with the need to achieve the mandatory MLRs. So our goal is to understand all of these opportunities, work in a collaborative way with managed care and even with the government as appropriate and try to develop options that for those that want to move away from traditional fee-for-service. And I've said, these are important strategic considerations but I will say having to spent some time even studying the ACO regulations, none of this is clear or well-formulated at this point.
David King: Yes. I mean, I think the idea is that there's the opportunity to gain volume and share over time. And with improved volume and share, again, pushed through the fixed cost base, we should see the opportunity to expand our margins.
David King: Tom, it's Dave. So in terms of the domestic acquisition market, again, there are a lot of opportunities. We continue to focus on, number 1, being very disciplined and selective in what we want to buy and paying an appropriate price and multiple for it. Number 2, with Genzyme and Westcliff, we have 2 fairly sizable acquisitions that we're integrating. So the smaller acquisitions are the easier ones to integrate and you should probably expect that those are the ones that we'll focus on, that's not to say that we don't have the appetite to do something significant if it comes along, but we got a job on our plate to fully integrate those businesses and continue to make them successful and that's taking, obviously, quite a bit of management focus. So I would say, the acquisition market is attractive. There are going to be assets coming along. We're going to look hard the assets that do come along and within our pricing discipline, we're going to choose the ones that we want and likely, they will be smaller than the last couple of sizable ones that we've done.  On the international market, we have the lab in Dubai. We have the Clearstone joint venture, which gives us exposure to some international markets including China, Singapore and some other places. At this point, that's just for our Clinical Trials business but it kind of gives us a window into those markets, which I think is helpful. And I think with respect to the U.K., the opportunity that Orchid Cellmark presents in forensics is quite attractive. So what I would say about the international market is, again, don't have the expectation that we're going to do anything big in the international markets, don't have the expectation with do anything game changing. But certainly, we're going to continue to look at international opportunities and in those markets that are attractive, whether it's from a demographic perspective, whether it's from a growth perspective or whether it's from a clinical trials perspective. We will continue to participate.
David King: Tom, it's Dave. Just one other thing I want to add to what Brad said which is, obviously, if we continue to retain the customer base and grow the revenue, then you could see better in the second half of this year than our expectation. But it's too early to tell what's going to happen there. But that remains our focus, is the top line customer growth and revenue growth. With respect to next year, assuming that either some managed-care compression that kind of starts in the second and third quarter, obviously, it will take us some time to annualize that. And so again, I wouldn't -- there's always opportunity to do better if we perform well from a revenue perspective. I wouldn't -- we have a very well-thought-out and well-planned approach on the cost perspective, and I wouldn't expect that to go any faster.
David King: Yes, Brian, it's Dave. So just to recap, there was a federal court hearing at which the federal district judge determined on the FTC request for an injunction that in his view, this was not an anti- competitive situation. And so he denied the FTC's injunction, and the Court of Appeals did not do anything to disturb that ruling. So as a result, we have basically filed a -- first of all, we filed a request to take the scheduled May administrative proceeding off the docket, which was granted by the administrative law judge and we have filed a request to dismiss the administrative case, which I think is presently under consideration. That actually has to be done by the commission. So it's their decision.
David King: The biggest market opportunity is the Forensics business in the U.K., and I'm going from memory here so my recollection is that up until March of this year, the bulk of that business was handled by a government agency called the FSS. And that the FSS has basically determined that it is not going to do forensics anymore. It's going to outsource that to private companies. My recollection is that the FSS was approximately $150 million a year in revenue, and I believe that's dollars, not pounds, about $150 million a year in revenue that the Orchid Cellmark business will have the opportunity to compete for. That doesn't guarantee any business, but it gives our Orchid Cellmark the opportunity to compete for. So the revenue opportunity in the U.K. is attractive assuming that, again, we have a -- assuming we get regulatory approval for closures, a very solid management team over there. And so the U.K. opportunity is attractive and that's where we're really focused.
David King: How many times did we say we don't give month-by-month guidance. You guys keep trying, so I got to give you credit for persistence.
David King: So the answer is that, obviously, there was severe weather in a couple of months, January and February, that has an impact on the overall quarter. However, the trend was pretty consistent and we're not going to break it down month-by-month, because the minute we start doing that, then you're going to want it week-by-week or day-by-day. So it was a consistent performance in terms of volume during the quarter. As I've mentioned, it was consistent across the business lines. We didn't see any area of great strength or great weakness.  Obviously, esoteric did well. Some of that was helped by Genzyme, some of that was just helped by good growth in several lines of esoteric testing. And what I would say, Bill, is the trend in 1Q was very consistent with what we saw in 4Q of 2010, and our guidance assumes that the trend is not going to get measurably better throughout the year and it assumes it's not going to be measurably worse. So it assumes that the trend is going to be relatively the same from a volume perspective throughout the year. And that -- again, we would love to do better, and if we see recovery in things like commercial managed-care lives and job creation, it's conceivable we could do better, but we're not building any of that into our expectations.
David King: Ricky, this is Dave. The only thing you should factor into your thinking there is because of growth in drugs of abuse testing, which obviously has a lower price point, that's going to be a bit of a damper on our overall pricing curve.
David King: We don't quantify in terms of the price impact. I think Steve, in the prepared remarks did go over the volume impact.
David King: It's really too early to tell. These are ongoing discussions with the managed-care plans and we just don't have a way of making a prediction there.
David King: I think what we said is that we did see improvement in our volumes coming from OB/GYN offices in this quarter both year-over-year and sequentially. And so that obviously led to some overall improvement in our Women's Health portfolio. As you know, we don't break down growth in specific tests, so HPV continues to grow on a year-over-year and a sequential basis. And there is, nevertheless, still more opportunity there.
David King: It's Dave. I think what we've said is that the Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield Plan in New Jersey does come up in this year. Those discussions are obviously underway. Other than that, we don't have any sizable contracts in 2011.
David King: Acquisition-related integrations and as we mentioned at the beginning, the continued implementation of the AccuDraw and the touch systems moving from patient service centers into in-office phlebotomy and also to the doctors' office through the Beacon platform. So those are probably the key initiatives in terms of our efficiency programs.
David King: Shelley, it's Dave. I just think it's too hard to -- I don't think we have any way of answering that question. So I couldn't -- I really couldn't give you a good assessment but, obviously, we're pleased with the growth there in whatever form it's coming.
David King: I think the environment has clearly improved in the last 2 quarters. We're not back to where we were. I mean, obviously, if you look at the newspaper and you see the unemployment numbers and you see the Standard & Poor's view of the government stat and all the other factors out there, I mean, we're not in a robust period of economic growth. So sure, there are still challenges out there but we have a couple of quarters of what we think are pretty good, at least pretty good trends in terms of utilization and growth.
David King: Again, very hard to talk about the margin by business line in our business. The Drugs of Abuse business uses most of the existing infrastructure for the core business. So they use -- it uses the patient service centers, it uses the logistics and transportation. But on the other side of that, it doesn't fully bare the cost of the SG&A function or it bares its own S function. But it doesn't fully bare the cost of the G&A function. It doesn't bare the cost of the corporate resources. It doesn't bare the expenses of the divisional, their utilization of patient service centers or careers. So I just prefer to think of it overall as the incremental margin on just about everything that comes in the door is very good whether it's drugs of abuse testing, esoteric testing or core testing.
David King: I was at a meeting yesterday with Dr. Gutierrez presented -- his statement was that it is his hope that there will be something from the FDA by the end of the year. However, there is no certainty of that. And when he put up his slide about the next steps, he commented that it was the same slide that he has been putting up for at least two years. So I would say we know that FDA's thinking is they would like to get something out this year. Whether that will happen is really anybody's guess.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. By now, you should have had a chance to review our first quarter financial results. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remained strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ending March 31, 2011, was $735.9 million, which was reduced by approximately $20 million due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process. We expect that these delays will be resolved in due course and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 1 day year-over-year to 47 days at the end of March and increased sequentially by 2 days. Excluding the impact from Genzyme Genetics, DSO improved 2 days year-over-year to 44 days at the end of March and increased sequentially by 1 day. Our bad debt remained stable at 4.7%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 14.6% year-over-year in the first quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 8% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue for requisition, which increased 8.2% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test for requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.5% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 5.9% year-over-year during the first quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 1% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 11% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.3% compared to 20.4% in the first quarter of 2010. Recent acquisitions that we have not yet fully integrated caused a 180-basis point drag on margin. Over time, as we integrate the businesses, we expect margins to improve. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $195.4 million and approximately $420 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of March, total debt was $2.2 billion, including $40 million drawn down on our revolving credit facility. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $265 million of stock representing approximately 2.9 million shares. At the end of March, approximately $469 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization in the range of $6.17 to $6.32, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2011; operating cash flow of approximately $900 million and capital expenditures of $140 million to $150 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
William Hayes: Dave -- and I can't think of much to put on top of that, Bill, other than just to reiterate. You don't anything unusual in the model going forward. And I think our first quarter was in line with our own expectations, and as Steve said, the fourth quarter tends to be our lowest quarter in terms of revenue and earnings and we don't think that's incorporated. Also, the share repurchase in our model does not occur. So I think, again, looking at expectations externally versus our own, that is a major driver.
William Hayes: And Bill, one more thing I just wanted to add to your EPS question. I'm looking at some detail here. I mean, operationally, we definitely don't see anything unusual. I think it just goes to looking at the diluted share counts over the quarters of last year compared to our assumptions in this year. So we started off Q1 '10 with a higher share count obviously than we ended. So that the lower share count Q1 '11 drives a greater growth rate. So I think as the shares came down in '10, that's what's driving, in your question, the lower growth rate going forward in our sort of no-share repurchase guidance.
William Hayes: Bob, this is Brad. Those are family limited because they're based on purchase price and go out over some amount of time. So I don't think we're getting specific on what our assumptions are related to that. But it's cash flow entirely in its benefit.
William Hayes: We don't lose them but they get limited. Again, I said quite a bit by purchase price and other factors in the calculation.
William Hayes: Bob, I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to. The 8-K is filed so that has information and when the Q is filed, it will have the traditional information which has some detail around revenue, volume and revenue per requisition for our core esoteric and other businesses.
William Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think as we continue to integrate Genzyme Genetics and some of our other acquisitions from the middle of last year, there's the possibility that you'll continue to see some other activity in that line.
William Hayes: And Dave said earlier, it's too early to -- while we're pleased with how things have gone today, it's too early to call. So I would say we still believe that range of $0.16 to $0.26 dilutive is the right range. On the contribution to the quarter, again, slightly better performance that we had modeled but I would not say that, that was a major contributor to the quarter that we reported.
William Hayes: Yes, Tom, this is Brad. And you nailed all the right points in the managed-care compression we talked about a couple of times. It hasn't really started to happen yet. It happens based on different contracts at different times throughout the year. So that will bring the revenue down, and then there are integration activities that are necessary to offset that. So I wouldn't necessarily describe it as a year 1 clear ramp as the year goes on. I think in the out years, that begins to be true as the revenue impacts annualize and the integration activities continue. So no, I wouldn't think about it as a material progression throughout the year on Genzyme.
William Hayes: It will be consolidated and consistent with what was in the Q, -- the Q's and K's -- the MD&A section on how we described the revenue performance. So it does not have it exactly as it used to be 8-K's, but we think it has adequate information and we talk about it as such in our MD&A section to understand how the business is doing core versus genomic and esoteric.
William Hayes: One other thing to consider is that in the reported number, our loss contracts are now annualized. So that was about a point drag in the past that's no longer with us. So that's why when we take out all of those things, when Dave referenced the 3% earlier, we try to take out all of those different moving parts and then reported number out , we did get better. But the organic number taking out all the moving parts that we mentioned of just over 3% is a little bit up from Q4 of last year. And if we go back a little bit, first half of last year was very challenged, even neutralizing for all those parts, started to gain some strength in Q3 and 4 and it continued into Q1.
William Hayes: Well, let's go to this. Year-over-year for us, weather wasn't an issue. So in any year-over-year comps for us, we're not thinking about weather.
William Hayes: We called out our -- our EPS was impacted $0.08 in this quarter compared to, for example, our expectations. But on a year-over-year basis, it was exactly the same.
William Hayes: Yes, that's exactly right. And to revenue, it's neutral because we lost the same amount of revenue in the first quarter of last year.
William Hayes: Kemp, this is Brad. Not a factor for us. Our days were the same in the first quarter of this year versus the last. You may ask, how can that be? All days are not created equal and we weight our days based on strength and when we add that up to the first quarter of this year versus last, we see the same number.
William Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. You're right on the math of what the base business is. No moving parts to normalize for other than I would say that back to the volume questions, we did annualize the loss of the lower-priced contracts. So while in the past, that's been a detractor from volume and an aid to price on a year-over-year basis. Now, it's not as much a detractor from the volume number and it's actually showing up as a negative in price. So other than that -- and again, we've annualized that. Other than that, can't think of anything that acquisitions were the largest impact by far.
William Hayes: As a swing factor, I wouldn't call it the swing factor because, obviously, we've built in some assumptions into our expectations.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Sorry, caught me just choking in my drink. Just a couple of questions at this point. Brad, I just wanted to make sure on the disclosure, are you -- did you suggest that all of the segment metrics that were used to having will be in the queue? I thought you had said before some of that was going to be trimmed down.
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: Okay. So I guess, maybe the answer is just wait till the Q comes up. And I was just trying to think about the total volume to 5, 9, you said up 4.9%, excluding Genzyme and more than 3%, excluding other acquisitions and I guess I'm still trying to kind of parse it down, it looks like drugs of abuse may have added 80 bps and esoteric may have added 70 bps which will put core maybe in the 1.5% range. Am I in the ballpark or I mean...
Gary Taylor - Citigroup Inc: So you called out $0.08 of weather. Am I thinking the wrong quarter? During this quarter, you called out $0.08 of impact from weather, but you're just saying you had a similar impact a year ago so...
