David King: Thank you, good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's, Second Quarter 2011 conference call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations.  This morning, we will discuss our second quarter, 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our key strategic initiatives and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David King: It's Dave. The approximately 2% organic growth is truly organic. So it's everything -- it's all acquisitions backed down.
David King: Amanda, it's Dave. Yes, I think the cross-selling efforts have been quite successful. The Genzyme reps have been very much in demand in terms of introducing new testing into existing LabCorp customers. And as we've mentioned on the call, yes, we've been able to internalize a lot of the testing to Genzyme we're sending out so that the Genzyme customers basically have one-stop shopping for services that they were ordering from other laboratories. I think as we progress with the IT integration and particularly the rollout, the national rollout of Beacon order entry, this will be a further enhancement because it will allow all our physicians to order all of the various LabCorp services from one platform. So you'll be able to order DIANON, order Genzyme, order LabCorp, order Esoterix from one Web portal as opposed to having to use multiple methods of order entry. On the branding, we have the right under the purchase agreement to continue to use the Genzyme Genetics brand for a certain period of time, and we're engaged in a review of all of our brands at this point. The Genzyme Genetics brand, Esoterix, DIANON, US LABS, we have a lot of brands as a result of our historical growth by acquisition. And I expect that by the end of this year, we'll have a good deal more clarity in terms of where our long-term branding strategy will be going.
David King: I think you're always hesitant to say that you're on the bottom because we don't know. But the trend of insourcing absolutely has leveled off in our business. We're just not seeing the kind of insourcing that we were last year and the year before. Our histology volumes, we actually had little year-over-year growth, which we are happy to see and an improvement sequentially. So the challenge with insourcing is that as you get through a wave of one set of physicians insourcing, other physicians start at least exploring the behavior, if not imitating it. And so, I think we're kind of at the -- we've weathered the major part of the storm and we feel pretty good about where we are.
David King: Well, we have a terrific relationship with both Express Scripts and Medco, and we admire both of those companies and their leadership a lot. We've had a long-standing pharmacogenomic project with Medco around several double drugs and associated diagnostic tests, Tamoxifen, Abacavir, and we've actually been expanding that program. So I think that you'll continue to see a tighter link between utilization between drug utilization, particularly expensive drugs, particularly oncology drugs and what I would describe as gatekeeper-type lab testing. So before some of these drugs can be prescribed, a diagnostic test would be required to assess either safety or efficacy. I think as the -- as we see consolidation in PBMs, this will only increase the momentum because the goal of the PBM industry obviously is to make the provision of therapeutics both more efficient and more cost effective, and the labs will have a significant part in that.
David King: A couple of things, Adam, it's Dave. I think the 2% is a very strong performance given to reiterate what we said in the press release, what we perceive to be some mounting headwinds on the economic front. I mean, we're not seeing the unemployment rate come down in any significant way. We're not seeing a lot of job creation in the private sector. We're not seeing a lot of increasing enrollment in managed care plans. And as the IMS data suggests, they're directional but nevertheless, they're out there. Utilization in a number of physician specialty areas seems to have declined from 1Q to 2Q. So I think the 2% is a very strong performance, and we're very pleased with it. I'm always reluctant to claim that we're taking share or that somebody else is losing share or that we're performing better than the industry. What I would say is a lot of the investments that we have been making in our business and continue to make in our business in IT, in logistics, in automation, in efficiency are manifesting themselves in the marketplace through better service, improvements in quality, better turnaround time, more satisfied customers and I think that's what you're seeing. I think what you're seeing is as other peers have essentially reduced investment in their business as a result of the economic headwinds and we've continued to invest, our metrics are improving. And as a result of our metrics improving, we're becoming the lab of choice.
David King: I think in terms of the integration, we're doing very well. In terms of the financial performance, I'd say we're doing a little better than our expectation. The one thing we have not seen yet is the impact on managed care pricing that we had talked about earlier on. And as a result of negotiations and contractual discussions, I think we've done a good job in demonstrating the value proposition of Genzyme, but as we get into the second half of the year, we'll see a little bit of that compression. And that's going to have an impact on overall performance. Nevertheless, financially, I'm very happy with where we are, customer retention, very happy with where we are and in terms of what we outlined to improve the cost structure, I think we're doing very well.
David King: Yes, obviously the situation is very fluid and literally changes by the hour. I mean, what I would say is, we at LabCorp and I think we as an industry continue to be adamantly opposed to this idea of a copay or co-insurance. And way back at the time of debt-rupt [ph], there was 20% LabCorp insurance and we made an agreement with the government that in exchange for taking a significantly lower fee schedule, the copay would be eliminated. So that was the deal that we made, and that is the deal that we have had for more than 20 years. If you look at the clinical laboratory fee schedule update from 1995 to 2011, we have had cumulative, now this is not average, this is a cumulative update of 7.7% and we have agreed over the next 4 years to take a 1.75% cut per year plus a productivity adjustment to offset the CPI as the laboratory industry's contribution to healthcare reform. Contrast that with, in that same period, inpatient hospitals are cumulatively up 51.4%, outpatient hospitals cumulatively up 35.6%, physicians cumulatively up 27.9%, DNE [ph] cumulatively up 13.6%. So we've received less than half of the cumulative updates of other healthcare providers. We've agreed to take a reduction. And to me, imposing a copay and just the government saying we got savings by shifting costs on to senior citizens and private lab companies would really be an unconscionable outcome. So as you could tell, Adam, I have some very strong feelings about this, and I think they're shared throughout the industry. The consequences of a copay on smaller labs and particularly those who serve nursing homes and indigent populations would be catastrophic. And -- so I'm hopeful that politicians will see that this would just not be from a financial or a policy perspective, a good long-term solution.
David King: Well, I think talking about the progression of volumes in the quarter is not helpful to anybody because it's just a -- what was yesterday as opposed to how are we doing cumulatively. And cumulatively, at 2% organic growth and close to 5% total growth, I think we've from a volume perspective, I think we had a terrific quarter. Obviously, you can look at the numbers and see that the rate of volume growth on a year-over-year basis trended down a little bit this quarter. You can also see that physician office visits, according to the IMS data, trended down a little bit this quarter and at least if you believe the June data, trended down very dramatically in June. But our basic outlook remains the same and remains what it has been, which is that I think we are through the worst of it. I think that part of the impact that you always see in the first part of the year is, as private insurance patients are working through copays and deductibles, you'll see impacts on utilizations. So we're not changing our perspective or our outlook for the balance of the year. And as I've said for months, if not quarters, we expect the volume trend to basically continue as it has been since 4Q of 2010 and don't see anything dramatic happening there.
David King: Well, Horizon goes through December of this year and we continue to be in discussions with the plan and are hopeful that a decision will be sooner rather than later. A lot of that is -- obviously, is not in our hands. But I think we have a very good partnership with Horizon. I think we've had a very constructive and productive relationship over the course of the contract and feel good about where we are. On Empire, we're seeing significant volume gains there, so I think we're starting to execute the opportunity and much improved over where we were in 4Q, and we just need to continue the momentum.
David King: Well, there was an analyst note that highlighted some of the disparities in payment, which I think caught the attention of some managed care companies and validated a lot of what we've been saying historically. So I think there's a greater degree of attention. On the other hand, the same considerations remain, which are the managed care companies' broader relationships with the hospitals and their need for other services from the hospitals. So I think there's a sharpened focus on it. And I also think what we'll start to see in 2012 is we'll start to see some pilot programs by managed care companies in various markets to see if there are ways that they can influence hospital utilization and moving work out of the hospitals.
David King: Darren, no. No change, just different words, but our customer retention has been extremely high and we're very pleased about it. Nothing has changed between first and second quarter here.
David King: Yes, it is not material to any of our numbers. So the hope would be, over time and particularly with the -- assuming that this transaction gets approved, that with the combined power of the 2 entities that it does become material, but at present it's not -- you wouldn't see it show up anywhere that would make a meaningful difference in the numbers.
David King: Kevin, that's a hard question to answer. I do think the industry is growing. I think for all the reasons we've articulated: demographics, new test offerings, better understanding of utilization of test by physicians, I do think the market is growing. At the same time, obviously they're -- the peer comparisons suggest that we may be growing faster than the industry, and we feel great about that. But I don't think we're in a declining industry at all. I think there is great -- I mean, the Medco relationship, which hopefully will become the Medco Express relationship as that transaction proceeds, is one of many examples where there's a tremendous opportunity for diagnostics to grow in the system, and at the same time, contributes to reductions of overall healthcare expense. So I think the industry is in a terrific position for growth.
David King: Do I think a number in the neighborhood of 2% is sustainable for the rest of the year? Absolutely. Will it be exactly 2% in the third and fourth quarter? Can't say that. That's -- we just can't -- we don't have that level of visibility, but a number in that neighborhood, yes, that is sustainable. United's suggestion that utilization will increase in the second half of the year, it's welcome news that people think that utilization, and particularly physical office visits, would increase because diagnostics and lab testing, obviously, are a key component of not only how we treat sick people, but how we keep people well and how we improve people's health. So that's -- it's encouraging to hear. Obviously, it conflicts a little bit with the data that we, at least, are seeing from IMS. But we're -- I'm not telling you anything you don't know. It's a very bumpy economic time. And I think from our perspective, we're going to continue to invest in the business as we have been, we're going to continue to execute on the key initiatives and I think we're well positioned to continue to grow.
David King: I have not had a chance to look at it. I think -- so -- I mean, I think any recommendations that would suggest that we should be increasing the use of diagnostics for screening for diseases like cervical cancer would be beneficial to the labs and again, I think as a matter of sound policy, going back to what I said about the copay, would you rather discourage people from getting screening by imposing copayments on tests and pay for the cost of acute care for cervical cancer later on. And I realize that past screening is not a key Medicare test, but from a policy perspective the point is, if you discourage people with copayments and beneficiary obstacles from getting screened diabetes, cardiovascular disease, then what you're going to end up doing in the long run is paying more for acute care.
David King: I don't think we knew that. I believe that is a -- let me say that the termination of Monogram and Genzyme Genetics by Emblem has nothing to do with their performance or with LabCorp's performance. My understanding is that is a health plan that has an exclusive contract with Quest and that when those entities were acquired by LabCorp, they are contractually obligated to terminate us for their contact with Quest. So it's not a reflection on the performance of Monogram or the performance of Genzyme in any fashion. I don't think our guidance incorporated that, but I also don't think it's -- that the impact, the financial impact there is material enough to impact the guidance one way or the other.
David King: I think the acquisition environment continues to be attractive. There are lots of opportunities in the market. As you know, we try to be very disciplined about the deals that we do and particularly the fold-in deals. But we will continue to be active in that market and to look for opportunities. As we've said, to execute on the first pillar, which is to enhance both our geographic and our -- geographic footprint and our test menu.
David King: Sure, and I don't mean to suggest that fee-for-service payments are going away or are going away anytime soon, because that gets sort of the standard payment model. But if you look at everything from accountable key organization rules to bundled payments to many of the things that are on tap in the CMS innovations center, I mean, everybody is trying to look at ways to make the delivery of healthcare more cost-effective and improved quality. I saw a write up yesterday about one insurance managed care plan that is proposing premium differentials based on whether patients are willing to accept a menu of what they describe as high-quality, lower cost hospitals, and if patients are willing to -- if the insurers are willing to accept that menu of hospitals, then they pay a lower premium than people who want to be able to go to any hospital that they want. So in my view, the point is we're going to see a lot of pilot programs, we're going to see a lot of efforts to move away from a per-procedure basis for the payment of healthcare services, and move more toward whether it's bundled payments, whether it's episodes of care, whether it's a flat rate to take care of the patient for the whole year. These are the things that are going to be tried out, and obviously we need to be engaged with our managed care partners and with the government as well in a way that these ideas are being thought about to make sure number one, that the value of lab services is recognized and how much we contribute to effective healthcare and high-quality lower cost healthcare; and second, to make sure our interests are protected so that we don't end up being financially compromised by something like a bundled payment or an ACO system.
David King: I don't know the answer to that off the top of my head. We probably have 3,000 different managed care contracts and the vast majority of them renew annually. But obviously, when you look at -- in terms of size, the sizable plans, United, WellPoint, CIGNA, Horizon, the top payers are on fixed-term contracts that renew at periodic dates.
David King: I hesitate to go with the 20% number only because is it revenue or number of contracts. The big renewal year for us is going to be 2013. As we've said, that's the year WellPoint and CIGNA are the major renewals. So that's the next year where we'll have a couple of sizable contracts up for renewal.
David King: Almost all of the business is already under our managed care contracts and any pricing or financial impact is already quantified in the guidance that we've provided.
David King: Well, I think, obviously we provided a good deal of commentary on this. First of all, we've talked for a considerable number of quarters about the investments that we're making in the business, the investments in increasing our geographic footprint, whether it's through acquisitions or through opening new service centers, the investments in improving physician and patient experience through IT, through improvement of throughput in our patient service centers, through simplification of our practices, through automation in our laboratories to improve turnaround times and throughput. So my view is, what we've done is we've set out a clear set of initiatives. We've executed well on those initiatives, and we're now seeing the benefit of those initiatives, which is that our service metrics are better than they've ever been, our customer satisfaction is better than it's ever been. And what we need to do is to continue to invest in the business and execute the initiatives that we have underway, and I think we'll continue to see positive results.
David King: It's very hard to quantify or think about market share gains. It's just -- I think in terms of the way we look at the business, Women's Health grew in the quarter, which is good. Yes, obviously we're happy with that. There is continuing fluctuation in path volumes, which we've talked about for better than a year now and the path trend drives a lot of the women's health trend. But overall, we're very pleased with the progress in Women's Health. And again one of the key initiatives there is to simplify collection. The collection devices make it easier for physicians to do business with us and for us to provide high-quality results to the physicians and the customers.
David King: I think it's too early to tell. We need to understand those markets and the goal -- the specific goal on Clearstone was to serve the needs of the pharma companies and the CROs who send us laboratory business by having laboratories in China, where there are very complex restrictions on being able to move blood or other human specimens out of the country and also the market presence in Singapore because it is a hub for clinical trials, lab testing for all of South Asia. So we will look at that, but it's way too early to reach a conclusion on whether that will be an entry point in the long term or not.
David King: We really can't give much more in the way of details. We did receive a second request from the FTC. We have responded to that request. We are cooperating with the FTC and desire to see this transaction concluded because we think it would be beneficial not only to LabCorp and Orchid employees, but also to LabCorp and Orchid customers and we hope to get it resolved promptly.
David King: My understanding is that the major topic of the public meetings was the molecular CPT coding initiative, and I believe that CMS made the determination as to molecular codes that will be placed on the clinical lab fee schedule and that the decision on coding and payment has been deferred for a year, at least a year, so at least into 2012. So generally, we view that as a positive outcome. That's a very complex process, both the coding and the setting of the payment rates. And I think it's commendable that CMS has decided not to rush into any decisions there. I think generally the lab community views are well regarded at CMS, and they listen to our input, and we're hopeful that we'll continue to have a collaborative working relationship with them.
David King: Thank you very much. We thank you all for joining us on our second quarter earnings call, and hope you have a good day.
William Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remained strong. Free cash flow for the first half of the year was $325 million, which is in line with our expectations and historical performance. Cash flow has been reduced by approximately $20 million due to expected delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process, which we had previously discussed. We expect that these delays will be resolved in the ordinary course and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 1 day year-over-year to 46 days at the end of June due to the Genzyme Genetics acquisition and decreased sequentially by 1 day. Our bad debt remained stable at 4.7%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increase 13.3% year-over-year in the second quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 7.6% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 8.1% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6.4% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 4.8% year-over-year during the second quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.9% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 10% in the quarter. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.9% compared to 21.8% in the second quarter of 2010. Acquisitions that we have not yet fully integrated caused an approximate 180 basis-point drag on margins. Over time, as we integrate the businesses, margins will improve. Margins expanded sequentially by 60 basis points, which is in line with past experience. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $118.9 million and approximately $463 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the second quarter of 2011, we received notices to convert a portion of our 0 coupons subordinated notes. The total conversion value of approximately $231 million was settled by cash payments of approximately $143 million and by the issuance of approximately 900,000 shares of stock. At June 30, the remaining accretive value of the 0 coupons subordinated notes is approximately $140 million. At the end of June, total debt was $2 billion, and there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $60.5 million of stock, representing approximately 600,000 shares. At the end of June, approximately $408.5 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program.  This morning, we reaffirmed our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 9.5% to 11.5%. Adjusted EPS, excluding amortization in the range of $6.17 to $6.32, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2011. Operating cash flow of approximately $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement and capital expenditures of $150 million.  I will now turn the call over to Dave.
William Hayes: This is Brad, 18.3% appears in the income statement that's in the press release. That's the combination of the severance and facility-related restructuring charges. And Hunter Labs' settlement and the Orchid legal cost are part of the SG&A.
William Hayes: Bill, this is Brad again. Haven't worked through the math exactly that way, but it's hard to find problem with the logic. I mean, I think we've been in the past clear about what Westcliff was doing, and we've recently started to integrate that business given the clearance that we received. Still very early in the Genzyme process. But absolutely, if all things being equal in our business, we should see that start to be upside.
William Hayes: Right. Here's what I think about it. Most of the things that you mentioned were in our original thinking for the year. So there's nothing in the back half of the year at this point that's any different than we thought going in. So we're comfortable at the midpoint of our guidance, but we look out at what's out there and everything is higher. And Steve also pointed out in his comments that it seems to be, in my detailed review this last quarter, the operating metrics were very close, but the share count was what was the difference. And so when we compare what those expectations are to what our own models suggest, it pops out in the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter of kind of the average of what's out there is maybe slightly higher than the third quarter, which if we look back over time, is just something that is not achievable in terms of reality, taking out some things that have happened in the past in the UnitedHealthcare contract year announcement and some other acquisitions, or things of that nature. So that's really the basis of Steve's comments and the way we think about the rest of the year.
William Hayes: Right. Well, one thing to consider is, those numbers are already in the share count when it comes to fully diluted EPS. So from the beginning of that security, that's always been in there. So it's really just an exchange between outstanding and that line item in the reconciliation of shares to diluted shares. But it's really not an impact on the EPS that we report.
William Hayes: Yes, and I've done that same math, and I get that we did 49.7% in the first half of '10 to the total. 51.5% in '09, 51.7% in '08, and 50.6% so far this year, so I don't think it's materially different in terms of a progression, and I go back to -- just to reiterate what we said, operationally when I look at what's out there, we're very close. It all comes down to shares and we'll see where it's off if it's Q4.
Bill Bonello: Just first, a couple of housekeeping questions. Can you tell us where the restructuring charges that are excluded from the adjusted EPS show up in the income statement? You talked about some of them, but not all of them in the footnotes.
Bill Bonello: Yes, I think so. I don't know. I just -- I did -- literally, I just took your adjusted EPS for what you said it was for 2010 and what you said it was for the first half of the year and did the math.
Bill Bonello: No, that's fine. And then just on the other thing, that the stocks have dropped like a rock when you made a comment that you were comfortable with the midpoint of the guidance, and I'm glad you're comfortable there. But I just want to make sure that we weren't supposed to read anything more into that. I mean, you're comfortable with the whole range of the guidance, I would hope.
