John D. Ratliff: Sure. Thank you, Ross. This is John. In terms of the stronger book-to-bill, that was across all of our areas, early development, labs, clinical. It's driven by, yes, healthy market fundamentals, in terms of the funding environment, the approvals, the FDA, the high interest in the drug development innovation from ourselves. We do have strong pipeline of opportunities across the board in terms of proposals and continued success with our differentiation, whether that's with the data or the stronger FSP offerings or the solutions in terms of companion diagnostics or biomarkers. But clearly, strength across the units. Yeah, second quarter, temporal. And I think you see why we lean toward more of a last 12 months versus, clearly, a quarter-by-quarter basis. And on the margin side, that's going to be a heavy lift in terms of on both the LaunchPad initiatives, as well as the revenue, but you're seeing that leverage come through and you're seeing that sequential leverage show up. In terms of the margin side – we see continued upside in terms of the margins. We know we need to get superior level margins and work to do in terms of the early development in clinical and know that both on the revenue and margin side, we're looking for continued progress there.
John D. Ratliff: Great. Erin, this is John. And there was no outsized wins. There was nothing above 10% of bookings, the $1.5 billion. So it's pretty broad-based. Nice wins in terms of aggregate on the early development, the lab side and clinical. And then your second question was again? Sorry, I apologize.
John D. Ratliff: Clearly, that is our differentiation. We're seeing clearly a vast majority of our trials and proposals using the data. We're up to around two-thirds and moving to three-quarters of the use of the data in all of our wins and all of our proposals, and looking to move that then to 100% of the trials. So we are using it in accordance with the high interest from our drug development partners and clearly making us stronger in terms of our pipeline of opportunities.
John D. Ratliff: This is John. Derik. And so we don't really break out the actual segments, all I will do in terms of color was the early development versus labs versus the clinical side. All areas grew. And in terms of the revenue growth, early development led the parade, so nice growth from that segment, but growth across the board. And then on Bayer, very specifically, we don't really talk customer specifics. They've been a great partner to us and continue to be so.
John D. Ratliff: I know we'll do on the next call our 2019 guidance, so we'll talk more tactically about that. But we're looking at peer-level margins, and so you can look at the industry and then know that we have work to do in terms of the clinical and then on the early development, so we see opportunity there. But we'll give more details on the next quarterly call.
John D. Ratliff: Early development, capacities are tight. Pricing is good. The labs, pricing will always be under pressure but thus the need to be more efficient and effective and best-in-class margins there. And then on clinical, the FSP model pricing is a lot of pressure. But again, that forces you though into the automation technology, tools, process work that we're doing in order to better those margins. And on the programmatic side, from the standpoint of pricing, a normal environment, we're moving a lot more to milestone pricing and saying deal in terms of looking for margin upside in that environment to offset even the pressure on the pricing.
David P. King: As we've said, we think about every opportunity that's presented to us individually and collectively. So individually, does it meet our strategic objectives? Does it meet our financial objectives? And what is the value to the total enterprise? And then collectively, how do we want to deploy our capital for growth? And so what I would say is there's no predisposition toward deploying capital toward one business or another when it comes to acquisitions. We're going to look at every one individually. I will say that assuming that the second round of PAMA is implemented as planned, I think there will be acquisition opportunities on the lab side. I think there'll be collaboration opportunities on the health system side, as you seen in our broadened relationship with Baptist. And so we have, in my mind, done a very good job of reducing our leverage and returning capital to shareholders and we're going to continue to tighten up that target leverage and, at the same time, maintain the flexibility of the balance sheet so that we can do the best deals that come along.
David P. King: Sure. Good morning, Lisa. Thanks for the nice comments about Covance. We're very pleased with that performance. Our bad debt year-over-year is basically flat as a percentage. Now to be clear, as revenue grows, obviously, if you apply the same percentage, the dollars of bad debt get higher. But as a percentage of revenue – and I realize we account for it differently, but let's talk about the way we used to talk about in the old days – as a percentage of revenue, bad debt is basically flat. And in fact, in the year, from 1Q to 3Q, bad debt has sequentially declined each quarter. So we're not experiencing that headwind. And I think – just make a comment that we do this internally, our revenue cycle management team has done a fantastic job. We do see higher patient responsibility across the board in the business, but our team has done a fantastic job; addressing and managing that through a lot of innovative tools, including front-end collections in the patient service center and our pricing transparency tool. So bad debt has not been a headwind. On the specific callouts in terms of individual tests and payment denials, medical drug monitoring continues to grow although the growth rate is trending down. Some of that has been fewer scripts being written because of constraints on opioid prescriptions. Some of it is physicians insourcing the lab work because they can bill for it directly and get paid as opposed to sending it out to labs. And some of it has been denial policies. Now again, I want to come back to it grew, it just didn't grow at the rate that it has grown over prior quarters. The hepatitis C and vitamin D, there's nothing materially different from what we've seen historically – what we have seen in prior quarters there. The one thing I would call out in terms of slowing the incremental growth is 23andMe was slower this quarter than it was in 2Q. And so that's where you saw some of the decline in organic growth, because as we've said, that is a contributor to our organic growth. We expect that to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter. And so, that would probably be the one thing I would point out as a detractor in terms of organic growth rate. That said, the fact that 23andMe's volume growth rate slowed is part of the reason that you see our price – because again it's mix, it's not unit price but are price improvements because, as we've said, our profitability on 23andMe is fine but it is a lower per encounter price than our average requisition.
David P. King: Sure. It's Dave. Start with the economics. So, the economics that we have worked out with Walgreens, we're pleased with in that they're essentially comparable to the economics of our standalone patient service centers. And the reason that we like the retail strategy is it's very difficult to identify are you getting incremental volume. But in the patient feedback that we're – the real-time patient feedback we're getting from those stores, we see a fairly significant number of patients who say either that they are new to LabCorp or that they haven't been to LabCorp in more than a year. And so we think it is increasing patient float versus the standalone patient service centers. The other thing that's very attractive about it is the opportunity to provide broader health services to the patient. So whether it's biometric screening, whether it's drug monitoring and management through the collaboration of the pharmacists, whether it's presenting the patient with the opportunity to share their drug information, their pharmacy information and combine it with their lab information, or whether it's the clinical trials piece, we get a much more in-depth and robust engagement with the consumer in the Walgreens centers. And so that's why strategically we think it's very important as part of the consumer platform and increasing our ability to capitalize on the power of our data.
David P. King: Let me just say – I said in the prepared remarks the headwinds in 2019 will be the stiffest, and they will, but let's do two things. Number one, in the near term, obviously we'll get some savings on both sides of the business from LaunchPad. Number two, the growth in Covance and the opportunity in Covance will significantly offset the impact for us of what's going to happen with PAMA, for example, in the Diagnostics business. Number three, we have a significant amount of capital that we can deploy toward growth in the business, whether through share repurchase or through acquisitions. But I also want to just take a step further back and say from a broader perspective, we need to reemphasize to the community and to our investors, when you think about healthcare and think about what are the key elements of healthcare, you're seeing all sorts of innovation around, whether it's digital and bricks-and-mortar, whether it's providers who are not physicians, whether it's emergency rooms that aren't part of hospitals. But one thing that is fundamental about healthcare is that the front line of diagnosis is in the laboratory. And it's inconceivable that there's going to be any healthcare system ever without the clinical laboratory. So as we think about where we are, we have capital to deploy. We're a scale business. The market trends are moving in our direction, whether it's sales of assets, whether it's hospitals, hospital collaborations, whether it's hospital outsourcing. And also think about the demographics of 10,000 people a day turning 65 and becoming eligible for Medicare and increasing coverage under whatever structure we're going to have for the insurance markets. So for the long term, our perspective is we're in a great business. The scale is there. The leverage is there. It generates a ton of cash flow. And I look at 2019 as a year in which yes, there are going be some challenges, but in the long term, we're building for a significant opportunity to grow the business on the Covance side, on the lab side in the out years, and we feel very optimistic about where we are.
David P. King: Good morning, Jack. The volume side is very difficult to estimate or quantify, and so I'm not going to try and do that. On the pricing side, with United, we said that our position in the negotiations was that if they were going to open the contract that we felt we were entitled to an increase in price – unit price. And we said at the time that the contract negotiation concluded that we were very pleased with the outcome. So I think you can draw your conclusion there in terms of what the pricing is going to be. With Aetna, all in, we view the pricing that we receive as relatively flat. And so I don't see significant price-downs in the transition of the managed care from going out of network with Aetna to going in or from the United contract change. Now at the risk of being accused of talking down the year, which I'm not, but I'm just doing simple math for you, I will say, as I said on the last call, the math tells you that with United having the larger membership and Aetna having the smaller membership that the contract transition will be a net headwind for us. But it's not going to be a net headwind because of price-downs. In my view, it's going to be a net headwind just because the mat says if each national lab loses the same percentage of customers that they had in the prior exclusive arrangement, we will lose more than our competitor.
David P. King: Good morning, Kevin. We will provide more details of it, but basically, the organizational changes are just to, as we said, streamline organizational leadership and improve our focus. The volume growth, when you take out all the puts and takes, we were satisfied within the quarter. But the margin and, as Glenn said, the level of expense was a frustration, and we're going to manage that better, and that's basically what the structural changes are designed to do.
David P. King: My sense from the market, Kevin, is that our competitor has been aggressively targeting our accounts where we have United business. And so certainly there'll be some volume shifting from regional labs, but it's no secret that we're the two largest and so if you're looking to gain volume with a contract change, where are you going to go? You're going to go to the largest target. And we have the largest share of United business. So it certainly seems natural to me that our competitors is targeting our accounts. So I agree with you there'll be some shifting from the regionals, but if you just think about who had the largest single share of the United business, that would be us. Where's the greatest opportunity for Quest to gain share? That would be from us, and that's why we expect that there'll be some – there'll be volume loss for us and volume gain for them.
David P. King: We'll give our guidance when we do the 4Q call, Ralph. So modest means modest, and until we put a number on it, modest is going to be what it is. Modest EPS growth includes capital deployment, so it includes share repurchase, acquisitions, all of the components. And we're not going to say anything about margins other than, as a result of the Covance LaunchPad process, as John said, we expect to see margin improvement there. Diagnostics margins, because of the impact of PAMA, will likely be flat to down. But again, we don't guide, generally, to margins. So that's probably about all that I can say.
David P. King: No, we're not seeing anything significant in terms of early share shift. And remember, to that end, that we are still the sole exclusive national provider for United up through the end of the year. So any early share shift would mean moving from an in-network provider, if they're going to our competitor, to an out-of-network provider, and that's not something that is good for patients. It's not good for the system. So we're not seeing much. And my expectation is we're not going to see much until the first of the year.
David P. King: Erin, it's Dave. You're going to see a pretty substantial acceleration through the balance of this year into next year in terms of the opening of new stores. Obviously, there's a buildout in many of the stores required and that's sort of the gating factor. When we originally started the project, we did not anticipate that we would be relocating patient service centers, we viewed this as another channel. But what we've seen is really nice traffic coming from existing patient service centers into Walgreens. So we'll be looking at the existing patient service center structure to determine whether there are opportunities to essentially move them to Walgreens or combine them with the Walgreens capabilities.
David P. King: No, Ricky, no. It's Dave. Sorry, I didn't understand the key word there. No you should not assume duplicate cost structure. Whatever we do with Walgreens will be sequenced with the patient service center infrastructure.
David P. King: Yes, I think we can, Ricky. And by the way, I'm not going to say we won't have top line growth in 2019. I still think there'll be top line growth because we're expecting, obviously, growth in Covance. But once we annualize the impact of the managed care contract changes, which will be at the end of 2019, then in my view, absolutely, 2020, yes, we have incremental PAMA impact, assuming that we don't get any relief on that, and we're proceeding under that assumption but still working very hard to get relief. But assuming we don't get a relief, we still will have the opportunity to return to top line and stronger earnings growth.
David P. King: Yeah. Good morning, Brian. I don't think in my prepared remarks that I said there was more physician in-office testing. I think what I said was that, in terms of the Covance business and the new platform that we're launching, that we thought we had the opportunity to provide self-collection outside the physician office that could be relevant to trial. So maybe I wasn't as clear on that as I should have been.
David P. King: Oh yeah, that's really specifically an issue in prescription drug monitoring at the moment. And historically, what happens is when there's an area of testing that is growing rapidly, you may remember, if you covered the space years ago, there was all the insourcing of pathology and there were all these shell labs set up to do pathology testing. And there's typically a pretty strong regulatory response when physicians start doing significant insourcing, simply because it leads to significant increases in utilization which are not necessarily, again, either in the best interest of the patient or the system. So, I see this as a near-term trend in one specific area of the business. I wouldn't characterize it as a long-term trend. And in-office physician testing as a total percentage of the lab market has basically been in the low single-digits throughout – certainly throughout my career in the industry. So, no, don't see that as a particularly alarming trend, more as a temporal issue. In terms of third quarter incidents being one-offs, obviously, the weather is a constant. It's just an unpredictable constant. The ransomware, we certainly hope is a one-off. But let's be realistic, I mean every business today, and certainly healthcare businesses among them, is constantly being attacked. And so I think our team did a phenomenal job responding. I think our security is high, and we continue to increase our investment in IT security. But you can never – it certainly isn't going to be a continuing issue. We're not seeing continuing implications of it. So I would say these are singular events and not things that we need to be thinking are going to persist in the long run.
David P. King: Good morning, Bill. It's Dave. On Walgreens, what we've done in the initial 17 service centers is basically set up the capability of providing the draws in the lab services. In many of our patient service centers now, we do have additional capabilities to do things like biometric screening for employers or indeed for our own employees, and we'll be migrating those into the Walgreens stores. The other thing to think about is in the prototype of these Walgreens stores is, there are other health-related activities there. There's a pharmacy. There might be audiology. There might be vision. There might be an urgent care. So all of these things will combine to give a broader opportunity for the patient to have a comprehensive healthcare experience, in some of these cases, even almost a quasi-primary care experience and for us to capitalize on a more robust engagement with the consumer around the data, around the biometrics, around information that would be really helpful for us to have that, in many cases, because we don't see the patient in person, we don't collect. Now I'll ask John on the Covance pricing question that you asked.
David P. King: Sure. Good morning, Mark. I'll start with the legal actions. So the district court decision was disappointing. Putting on my long-abandoned lawyer hat, I can say that the judge decided the case on very narrow procedural grounds. And although she noted that there were significant questions presented on the merits, she didn't reach them. She didn't reach one of the key arguments that ACLA made, which was that the regulations were beyond CMS's authority because they were directly contradictory to the statue. So ACLA, after a board discussion and I think correctly has decided to appeal and file the Notice of Appeal. We'll ask for an expedited schedule, but the reality is the likelihood of getting a decision before the middle to end of 2019 is pretty low from the Court of Appeals. So we'll continue to press on the legal front, but the process now will play itself out. On the regulatory and legislative front, we are very active with Congress. There is, if I can characterize it, a general sense within the key committees and staff and among members that this was not what was intended, that it was not expected that 70% to 80% of the data points were going to come from LabCorp and Quest, and this was going to be a cherry-picked "market analysis" that would just pick the lowest price for everything. And so they were looking at potential fixes. ACLA has submitted some language that has been sent for scoring that would provide a near-term fix. So there's a considerable amount of activity on the Congressional front. And then we continue to meet and discuss with CMS what administrative options there may be as well. As you saw in the physician fee schedule proposed rule, CMS asked about ways in which they could include more hospital data, and we've been meeting with them recently and have made a number of proposals. One of the initial objections from hospitals was the amount of resources that would be required to report the data. And so we've provided some proposals to CMS around things like aggregate data reporting as statistically significant surveys that would allow them to look at that market without the enormous burden of reporting. So there is a lot of activity on every front, and I'm still optimistic that common sense is going to prevail here in terms of what PAMA was meant to do and how it's going to be implemented. But as you say, we're planning as though PAMA is going to be fully implemented, and we're running the business that way.
David P. King: Women's health and NIPT continue to be strong areas of growth for us. Next-gen sequencing is a part of the lab business in both LabCorp and Covance, mostly in terms of moving existing genetic testing or genomic testing onto that platform as opposed to SNP arrays or other prior methodologies. And innovations like liquid biopsy and other technologies are certainly things that we're considering. In both businesses, we actually have a pilot program running within Covance on liquid biopsies. So these are going to be things – the technology and the tools continue to change and we're going to continue to adopt them as they make sense, as they provide improved patient care and obviously as we see reimbursement trends.
David P. King: Thank you. Well, thank you for joining us this morning. I hope we've given you not only clear insight into the third quarter but also into the long-term view that we have of the business and the success of our strategic execution. We look forward to speaking to you on the fourth quarter call and wish you a great day.
