David P. King: Good morning, Lisa. We don't separately break out volume and price in the guidance, so we can't give you any further clarity on that. With respect to commercial reimbursement generally, I think the environment in terms of pricing continues to be relatively stable. We saw nice revenue per requisition improvement year-over-year in the quarter and for the third quarter in a row. And as Glenn identified in his remarks, that's a combination of tests mix and core, esoteric growing faster than core and the benefit of some tuck-in acquisitions that brought us some higher pricing. So generally pleased with the overall pricing and reimbursement environment, and pleased with obviously the improvement in revenue per requisition in the quarter.
David P. King: Sure. So with respect to the revenue synergies, as we indicated on the call, now over $130 million in what we described as category 1 which is the use of the patient data, and I continue to be quite optimistic about that given the success that we've had with the patient recruitment through the Patient Portal. As we mentioned, tens of thousands of patients have already agreed to be re-contacted. It gives us a deep base of patients to – that we can contact for potential trials, which I think will be a differentiator in terms of winning revenue over time, winning commitments from sponsors over time. Obviously central labs, very, very strong in the quarter, and very pleased with the growth and the momentum that we have going into the year. And we saw a nice improvement in revenue in the clinical business. We saw, I think we're seeing very good success in our early development solutions. And I would highlight again the companion diagnostics and our success in companion diagnostics. Nobody else can say that they had – that they were the exclusive lab on the three key oncology – immuno-oncology drugs that were approved in the market over the last six months. Nobody else can say they worked on 87% of the drugs that were approved or on 100% of the oncology drugs. It's just something that completely sets us apart from the market. So what gets us to the high-end would be stronger performance in the clinical business, and obviously the mix of business wins, because longer, more complex trials that pay us a longer stream of revenue with a better mix, will lead to more profit, and that will get us to the higher end of the revenue range and obviously help us also approach the higher end of the EPS range. So I said a lot there, but, Deb, if you have anything to add, happy to have you add as well.
David P. King: And, Bill, it's Dave. I would comment, it's a new client for us, so that's really a positive development. And also, I think in large measure, it's attributable to the combination of capabilities. I mean, the LabCorp esoteric capabilities, so we start with Covance's global reach and the strong reputation for quality and service. And then add to that, LabCorp esoteric capabilities, the next gen sequencing capabilities, we really present a very compelling value proposition. And as we've gone head-to-head with competitors for these agreements, we've been very pleased that in situations like this we come away with the wins.
David P. King: Bill, it's Dave. So as we mentioned in the call, we've achieved $45 million of the synergy – of the $100 million that we initially set out as our target. So I think for year one, that's a very strong performance against the target. And we remain committed to achieving the $100 million, and as Glenn said, approximately 50/50 over the next two years. Having said that, we always look to outperform on the synergies, and we always look for the opportunity to improve efficiency and productivity, but along with that, just as with Project LaunchPad, to improve the employee and customer experience. So I certainly think there will be opportunities as we progress and particularly as we even more comprehensively integrate the capabilities of the organizations around oncology, for example and around infectious disease to find more savings and we'll obviously keep you closely updated as we move forward.
David P. King: Mike, good morning. It's Dave. I think obviously the cash flow generation is very impressive. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, over $900 million projected for next year. I think the M&A pipeline right now is as robust as we've ever seen it. Part of that is because we are looking at M&A in other areas where we see the opportunity for fast growth, like the food business with the Safe Foods transaction. But we also – we see a lot available in the tuck-in opportunities, in the diagnostics space. And we plan to be very disciplined in terms of what we buy and how that fits into our core strategy, which as we've said many times, around diagnostics M&A is expansion of footprint, expansion of test menu, and continuing to build size and scale in the franchise. So we feel great about the M&A pipeline and we certainly have plans to – as we've said frequently in the past, our guidance always assumes that we're going to acquire about 1% of rev – that we're going to do tuck-in acquisitions that will account for about 1% revenue growth and that's certainly in the plan for the year, and I think there is ample opportunity to execute on that.
David P. King: Nick, it's Dave. On Beacon LBS, the strategy across the enterprise is consistent, right? It's new customers, new channels, new markets. And so for Beacon LBS, the expansion opportunities in 2016 are new markets with the existing customer, which is United, new customers, which are other organizations that may be interested in subscribing to the tool, and new channels, which is the addition of more capabilities such as molecular diagnostics to the menu. And all those things are underway, and we feel very good about where we are with Beacon LBS. And it's been, this is a service that the Beacon LBS team within LabCorp has really invented, created, designed, and implemented, and I am really proud of them, and they should be really proud of themselves about what they've accomplished, because it's terrific. And it's generating a fairly significant amount of revenue now, and we see the opportunity for great growth there. On capital allocation, we have said many times that our target leverage is 2.5 times; that is only a target. We are always going to be flexible in terms of looking at how we allocate capital. We do expect that by the second half of the year we will certainly be in a position to consider returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase. And again, it depends on the M&A pipeline, depends on how the cash flow stacks up, but we'll always be evaluating that opportunity. As you know, I think we've had a pretty consistent history of share repurchase as a way of returning capital and creating value for shareholders.
David P. King: Isaac, what we said was that we expect it to generate $100 million in incremental revenue for the enterprise by 2018. So we haven't talked about the run rate of the companion diagnostics business specifically other than to say we had double-digit growth in 2015, which we are very pleased with. But we don't want to confuse the $100 million in incremental revenue which was the initial target that we set out a year ago for the companion diagnostic growth with the size of the business, because the size of the business is already actually quite close to that number.
David P. King: No, I just go back to what Deb said. I think she covered it quite comprehensively. There's billions of dollars in cash on the balance sheets of biotech, and when there's a good compound that a company is looking at, it doesn't get canceled because of lack of funding. There's always a way to find funding for it. Compounds or studies get canceled because of adverse events or because of a change in focus, but we don't see the "funding" environment as having any near-term effect on where we are with Covance at all. And again, as Deb highlighted, 85% of our revenue is coming from what we would characterize as large pharma, so the exposure to biotech is only about 15% of total Covance revenue.
David P. King: No, no, the 31% is the Covance business. The non-traditional – so the way it sorts out, Bob, is that anything that reports into Diagnostics is reported as part of Diagnostics, so the forensics, the Orchid Cellmark, all that stuff reports in through Diagnostics, and that's part of the – that's part of what we report as Diagnostics. The only thing that has changed in the way that we have historically reported is what used to be reported as part of LabCorp in the clinical trials business, which was our central lab, has moved over to Covance, and what used to be reported as the Covance Food Safety and Nutritional Chemistry business is now reporting up through LabCorp. And you think of that in approximate terms as we've put a little more into Covance than has come over to Diagnostics, but not materially so.
David P. King: Well, I guess there's a lot in that question. So let me start by saying that monetizing the data in and of itself has never been something that has been an aspiration for LabCorp. We don't view data sales as – it's not going to generate enough revenue to materially help us, and it's not what we want to do strategically. What we want to do is we want to use the data to further the strategy, and the strategy obviously is to execute on our three core goals, which is delivering world class diagnostics, bringing innovative medicines to patients faster, and using technology enabled solutions to change the way the care is delivered. What I see in getting patient consent through the Patient Portal is, we have patients who come to us for lab testing. They come to the Patient Portal to get their results. When they come to the portal, we are now addressing the patient population in a place that we've never addressed them before and that no one else is addressing them to say, given your diagnosis, given what we know about you, would you be interested in being contacted in the event there was a study that could potentially improve your own health or could improve the health of the population as a whole? And the response has been very positive. And as I say, we launched it in 4Q, tens of thousands of patients have encountered the prompt. A lot have said yes. Some have had said no. We are working on figuring out how we can improve the yes rate. But, and again, this is not as simple as when you go to download an update to your Apple phone and you either say yes and you get it, or no you don't. There has been a rigorous compliance review, there are protections around how we present this to the patient and what we ask them, and we've gone through a very thorough review to make sure that we're doing this in a way that is going to be protective of the patients' privacy, and our responsibility to honor that. Now again, what does that lead to? It leads to a large database of patients which can be accessed for a variety of things, clinical studies, Phase IV, observational studies, reaching out to patients to ask them questions about medication use or medication adherence. So just a whole variety of areas in which we think this becomes a differentiating factor because we have the patients' consent to re-contact them. So I would contrast that with an anecdote that was told to me recently, which is a patient got a letter in the mail from a pharmacy saying, since you are taking this drug, would you like to be in this trial? Well, the patient was taking the drug for a completely different reason, and was annoyed by the letter. Because the patient had never given the pharmacy permission to write them letters and ask them about what they want to do because of their use of drugs. We get the patients' consent beforehand before we ever re-contact them, and we ask for it. And as a result, I think we're going to have a very, a cohort that's going to be very interested in how they might participate. And, sure, in the long run the goal is, that would lead us to more bookings, it would lead us to more opportunity to show sponsors that we have a good patient cohort available when they start recruiting and would lead to more revenue and growth.
David P. King: The biggest areas of growth in esoteric, probably women's health, NIPT, continuing to see good momentum with BRCA, and infectious disease. So those are probably what I would highlight as the four top areas. How much of it is acquisition driven? The acquisition pricing benefit actually mostly came from anatomic pathology as opposed to specific test acquisition. So most of what I would characterize as the core, I'm sorry, the growth in esoteric just came from excellent execution on sales priorities by the organization.
David P. King: Sure. Good morning, Ricky. So one of the things I highlighted in my opening remarks is that we are competing in a much bigger space than just the core lab business. So now we are competing in the core lab business but on a global basis. We are competing in drug development, we are competing in market access, we are competing in food safety. So you should think about our appetite for acquisitions as spanning all of those businesses, potentially. Now a couple of caveats, the likelihood of us doing a sizable ex U.S. clinical laboratory acquisition is relatively small, just because we are much more likely to think about doing that, doing ex U.S. clinical laboratory now that we have a global footprint by building as opposed to acquiring. So we certainly are looking at global expansion opportunities in the clinical lab business, but I wouldn't put that at the top of the list from an M&A perspective. What I would put at the top of the list is tuck-in acquisitions in the lab, the clinical lab business, acquisitions in the food business, acquisitions in drug development, acquisitions in market access; all of which we'll look at through the lens of, what's our return on invested capital, how does it strategically contribute to our key priorities, and what are the valuations relative to other opportunities for deployment of capital.
David P. King: So we're at about the top of the hour, we have six more questions in the queue, so I would encourage people to let's try to ask one, and also let's try not to ask things that have already been answered, please. We would like to be able to answer everybody's question today.
David P. King: So bad debt improved throughout the year, and the team did a terrific job in terms of both reducing the bad debt rate and recapturing additional revenue that previously was going to bad debt. The issue on self-pay is we're seeing, as you see more patients come through exchanges, exchanges do tend to have higher deductibles, higher self pays, and now we are experiencing something, although in a limited way that you've heard other providers talk about, which is people who are on and off the exchange. So they are on the exchange and then they're off the exchange and then they sign back up again, there are 29 different reasons right now why people can get on an exchange even outside the enrollment period. And so we're seeing some of that, and it does mean that more bills go to patient. So for now we feel like we have the situation well in hand, but it is something that we're keeping a close eye on.
David P. King: A.J., it's Dave. So on PAMA, we have not heard anything further. Obviously there were some very positive developments from our perspective in terms of strong letters going from the House, from the Senate and from the Chair and Ranking Member of the Finance Committee encouraging both the inclusion of at least a selection of key hospital labs as well as a delay in the implementation of PAMA. We continue to believe that the inclusion of key hospital labs is absolutely vital to accomplish the Congressional purpose, which was a market based price for Medicare, and realistically, we're at the end of February, the rule has not been finalized. It's hard for me to imagine how this could be implemented in January of 2017 in a way that would be fair to our industry. So that's the view on PAMA. On FDA, we continue to work closely with Congress and attempting to work with the FDA as well on a solution that would be a legislative solution, that would bring clarity to whatever regulation there's going to be of lab developed tests, and it would not be depended on sub regulatory guidance as a proposed long-term solution. And we feel, again, we've been very clear about this, we feel very strongly that guidance is the wrong way to go about this and that we will continue to oppose that path.
David P. King: I don't think we have anything to say beyond what we've already said, which is we're going to look at all opportunities and evaluate the strategic fit and the returns and the valuations in comparison to what other opportunities there are.
David P. King: To the first question, Bill, before we introduce a test to the market, and some of these tests are kits which obviously have been approved or cleared by the FDA. But before we introduce a test to market, there is a very robust validation process within our laboratories to make sure that the tests are, that they are valid, that they report what they are supposed to report, and that they have appropriate clinical utilities. So we've followed that path for years, we've been very disciplined about it, and we'll continue to follow that. And again, our exposure to the LDT, the potential of at least the initial stage of what FDA has proposed from an LDT perspective is relatively low as a percentage of revenue. But this is important as an industry matter, and it's important from an overall perspective in terms of innovation and development in the diagnostic industry. For the weather impact from the January storms, I'm going to turn this over to Jay to respond for the Diagnostics business.
David P. King: Yes, I think, as we said, the biggest factor that's contributing is the annualization of the contract wins. And I don't think there is enough going on in high deductible plans or hospital competition to really change that. I think the reality is that the high deductible plans and high co-pays have more of an impact on bad debt and collections. It doesn't stop the patient from coming to get the testing done, it just stops us getting paid for it. So I don't think that has a significant impact on volume. We've always faced competition from hospitals. I actually think that it's been really about three years since we saw the huge shift in hospitals buying up physician practices and in-sourcing them, and I think we are doing a terrific job on organic volume. I think the Diagnostics team has done a great job. We're clearly outperforming from my perspective, the competitive market with organic volume growth. I think we're outperforming the other healthcare services providers in terms of organic volume growth. And so in spite of, and again, if you look at that what you'd characterize as a slight deceleration on a per day basis, 3Q over 4Q, it's actually essentially flat from an organic volume perspective. So we are very pleased with it.
David P. King: Well, once again we are very pleased with the year that we've turned in in 2015, and I want to express my appreciation to my 50,000 colleagues and to our leadership for really an exceptional performance. We are excited about 2016, we look forward to talking to you again quarter-to-quarter with updates and hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Deborah L. Keller: No, I think, Dave, the point that you made about the wins that we've had because of the clinical data, as well as the strength we've had in central labs, early development continues to do well. With the capacity utilization strong in the U.S. and in China we've got some additional space, in Europe, and we continue to look at innovative ways in which we can be (27:02) comfortable with our space to kind of meet the changing demand in the early development space. And then last but not least, as you mentioned, the mix of studies, whether it's where they are geographically or therapeutically also, can have an impact.
Deborah L. Keller: Most of our business, 85% of our business comes from the large pharmaceutical companies. And that continues to be strong. As far as biotech, they are a very important part of the drug development process obviously, and somewhat of an innovation engine for pharma. We believe that the cash on hand remains at high levels and we've had nice wins from the biotech industry this year, specifically in our early development, but across all of our segments.
Deborah L. Keller: Yes. Good morning. Well, first of all, we don't comment on a specific client, but what I will tell you is that it is a multi-year sole source, and what that means is that we'll not only be the sole source provider for the central laboratory, but also for the bio-analytical. It was tough from a competitive standpoint, but how Covance eventually won that sole source was based on our first of all our operational service excellence and our breadth of testing menu as well as our global reach.
Deborah L. Keller: Thank you for the question, Ricky. As far as our backlog burn, we've seen it stabilize. It started off the year, as you said, a little bit slower than expected, however, both in clinical and central labs we saw it stabilize throughout the year, kind of similar to the trend that we've seen in the last 10 years.
Deborah L. Keller: It's just leveled off to similar to the trends that we've seen in the last 10 years is how I would state that.
Deborah L. Keller: Yes. Thank you. This Deb. You are right, the demand is increasing, and it has great incremental drop through. What I would say is that we are, where we see the utilization getting tighter with U.S. and China, it is driving some modest price increases in those regions.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Jack, I guess just on the leverage in the margins, first we think we obviously had a very strong year on leveraging our top line. Margins overall were up around 110 basis points year-over-year, 47% leverage on the incremental revenues is pretty strong on a pro forma basis. That improvement in margins was across both gross profit and SG&A. So when we talked about the margin improvement that we had excluding Covance, to show that it was a mix impact, when you look at both segments on a pro forma basis, you actually see both segments seeing very strong margin growth. So we characterize it as a pretty strong year, benefiting from the strong demand, benefiting from price mix, if you will, benefiting from the tuck-ins, benefiting from our LaunchPad initiative, our synergy initiative on the Covance side. So overall we would characterize it as very good leverage.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, all of, Robert, all the revenue streams that we have obviously flow into the two segments, so everything is encompassed there.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, just take a first cut, I think maybe what you're getting at is with the acquisition of Covance, we picked up a lot of pharma and biotech customers that we didn't have that now represents, call it around 30% of our total. So by definition, call the government reimbursement side is a lower percentage given we've added new customer base.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, when you say the integration, we have costs from integrating the business as well as primarily relating as well to the Sanofi site support agreement that's now expired, and we are going through a restructuring there. So we still anticipate having integration restructuring costs in 2016, but a much lower level than what we've had this year, and then those ultimately will go away.
