David P. King: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our first quarter 2012 financial results, reaffirm our 2012 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: Thank you, Steve. Thank you very much for listening. Again, I would remind you that we have a large number of analysts covering our stock at this time, and so we ask that you make your questions brief and please try not to repeat questions that have already been answered. We're now ready to take your questions.
David P. King: Well, I could speak for a long time about this and negate my own admonition that we should be brief. Let me just say, Adam that I think that the reimbursement environment from the government -- everybody knows we're facing a 2% cut that was implemented -- that will be implemented as part of the SGR fix. And it's mystifying to me that an industry that accounts for 1.6% of the total Medicare spend is bearing 15% of the savings that are generated from Medicare in that most recent SGR fix. So it's obviously going to be difficult on the industry. It's going to be difficult on smaller competitors, and that will provide some M&A opportunities. I would also say, though -- and I'll wear my chair of ACLA hat here for a moment, there are thousands of small independent labs in this country, and many of them serve niches such as nursing home and long-term care facilities that the major laboratories don't serve. Our model is an ambulatory model where people come to see us or specimens arrive from the doctor's office through our couriers. And going out and doing nursing home draws and the number of staffs required, it just doesn't fit within our model. So I have a serious concern that some of these cuts, particularly when you look at the operating margins of some of these smaller laboratories that serve long-term care facilities, are going to start to create real beneficiary access issues and cost issues for the Medicare program. So yes, there will be M&A opportunities, but there also will be long-term consequences for seniors if this trajectory of reimbursement cuts continues.
David P. King: And Bill -- Dave. Just to follow on that, Clearstone in particular, because of some of the European operations, until the synergies are fully realized, is a sizable -- has a sizable impact on gross margins.
David P. King: Well, the thing is if you look all the way down the P&L, I mean, most of the savings that we're realizing from Genzyme are coming in the SG&A. So the gross margin profile of Genzyme is still not vastly superior to our typical corporate margin. And then when you add a sizable gross margin expense component with Orchid and Clearstone, it actually does drag it down pretty fast. So I'd say that is the vast majority, if not the single explanation for the gross margin decline.
David P. King: Bob, I think it is a material opportunity to generate savings for a couple of reasons. One, which is not insignificant, is just moving the glass slides around to different specialty pathologists. And the other is our ability to create virtual centers of excellence, where pathologists can review slides either individually or in collaboration without necessarily having to all be present. So I think there is savings opportunity there. Obviously, we have to scale it to the entire organization, but we've made a very solid start.
David P. King: We're working on some automation tools for the prep, but it doesn't directly impact prep at this point. It just impacts review and scoring and reporting.
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. So I think the optimal leverage is 1.5x to 2x. And I think when you model 1.5x to 2x leverage and you model the cash that we generate, I think it's a reasonable assumption that either we're going to continue to do acquisitions with that cash or we're going to continue to repurchase shares. Or depending on the circumstances, obviously, we could consider the initiation of a dividend or other means of returning capital to shareholders. But yes, the optimal leverage is in that 1.5x to 2x range and our deployment of the cash generated over time, as it's traditionally been, would be first toward acquisitions and second toward share repurchase, absent some change in our capital philosophy.
David P. King: Well, I'll let Brad comment on this. I mean, we're not paying down debt to delever. So the delevering comes naturally as EBITDA grows. I don't know that there's a good way to think about the amount of share repurchase because we have tried to be consistent other than to say it seems to me that the amount of share repurchase that we did in this quarter is sort of what we would think about as a fairly typical amount in an environment where we're not doing a lot of acquisitions.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. I mean, there's always moving parts. The 2 probably biggest moving parts here were payer mix -- so we had, again, strong growth in the drugs of abuse testing, which is not at the average price point of the company; and then test mix, in that obviously, as we've said for some time, vitamin D has flattened, histology is under pressure. So it's a combination, I would say, of payer mix and test mix that's -- we're not getting as much of a lift as we traditionally have gotten from mix, but I'm very pleased with the revenue per requisition result in the quarter.
David P. King: Well, since we don't give guidance on it, it would be hard for me to give you anything to think about.
David P. King: Sure, the idea of the Beacon Lab benefit system is to essentially combine a variety of options and provide a menu that -- whether it's a managed care plan, whether it's a health system or whether it's a physician practice can select from. So it runs the range from decision support to help physicians select the right test, to decision support at the time that we provide reports to help the physicians manage the patient optimally, to credentialing of providers to be able to order tests. I mean, there's a whole range of services within the lab benefit system that can be offered, depending on the desire of the customer. I would say it's early. There certainly is very strong interest in the market, again, ranging -- spanning the range from managed care plans to health systems to large physician practice groups, for some tools that will help them select the proper test; select the highest quality and most efficient, most effective, cost-effective laboratory to perform it; and provide support for the decision-making process at the time the results are delivered so that the patient can be treated better.
David P. King: Yes, Kevin. I mean, I think we all know the government pricing environment. Frankly, I was a bit surprised by the commentary yesterday on pricing. We, since 2007, 2008 when we had the pricing reset, I think we at LabCorp feel that we have been very disciplined on pricing and we've been successful in gaining real price increases over time. Now they're not gigantic [ph] real price increases, but we never said they would be. But unit price over time has improved. And so I guess any time that you're in a negotiation, people are -- we're trying to get more price and the managed care plans certainly are not saying we want to pay you more. But one, I don't think the environment has changed. Two, I think the environment is pretty stable. And three, I hope that the commentary yesterday didn't indicate that there's going to be some dramatic price cutting on the competitor side in search of volume, because what we've seen over time is that the industry is growing, volume is growing. And for the entire industry, pricing discipline is very important and we will continue to maintain pricing discipline here at LabCorp as we've done for the last 5, 6 years.
David P. King: We do. And everything that we do around here in terms of innovation and efficiency is designed to maintain that position.
David P. King: I think there's a renewed level of attention to it, or a greater level of attention to it. One of the comments that you do hear when you talk to people at managed care plans is that lab is really the only unmanaged area of spending. So everything else, there's preauthorization. There's radiology, mental health, hospital inpatient, emergency room. There's preauthorization or there's some kind of gatekeeping function. There is not and has not been that in lab. So that's part of what the lab benefit, the LBS, is designed to address. But it's also, even aside from the LBS, collaboration with the managed care partners to help them redirect cost to the more efficient providers. And it is going to require some lifting on their side, and I think we've seen more interest than in the past. But I think it's too early to say whether there are going to be tangible results.
David P. King: Well, there's no tuck-ins. Remember, there was Orchid. So the organic volume growth, we'd say, is approximately 1%.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, the big areas that you're going to see an impact from in SG&A are corporate support functions, billing, back office, bad debt expense. Exactly. Those are probably the major areas in which you would expect to see, and we are seeing, improvement in both of those that you called out, Genzyme and Westcliff.
David P. King: Well, I think the environment in Washington for health care right now is pretty tough to begin with. And I think that when we were up on the hill and asking for the rationale behind the 2% reduction, the fundamental thing that kept being raised was that MedPAC had "recommended a 10% reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule." Now if you look at the MedPAC recommendations, what they actually say is, if you had to fix the SGR over 10 years for $300 billion and it all had to come from Medicare, here are the things that would be cut. And they did say the lab fee schedule would be one of those things, and there were a whole variety of other hospital cuts. And so I think that -- and MedPAC specifically said that's not a recommendation, that's just, "If we had to do it, this is one way you could." I think that got translated -- and if you look at the conference report on the legislation, that got translated into "MedPAC recommended a 10% cut." So we're meeting with the MedPAC to try to clarify their position and clarify the position for the Hill. The other thing I would point out, not to suggest that -- I mean, we are very disappointed by the reimbursement reduction, but I think if you talk to the hospitals, they feel like they got hit pretty hard in the SGR fix. So there was a lot of pain for health care providers and it's -- we need to deal with the SGR fix as a long-term issue, not as a "every year, there is a number that we have to find to stave off reductions in the physician fee schedule," which we know are never going to happen. And so every year, we know these reductions are never going to happen and yet we make long-term changes in the law regarding reimbursement for other providers that have consequences.
David P. King: I don't, Tom. I think -- we've tried to be very cooperative. We met with the staff, we've turned over documents. They've given us a new request for information, which involve some pricing questions. And obviously, it's sensitive because it involves our contracts with other people. And they've made those requests not only of us, but of others. And I think everybody who has received those requests is evaluating them in terms of what it's appropriate to provide. So I don't have any timeframe for when we're likely to see this resolved, or when anybody else who has received the inquiry is likely to see it resolved.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, I think it's hard for me to provide more commentary than the FTC provided. Obviously, they're -- as they defined the market in Medco Express, they found that the transaction was not anticompetitive. And as they looked at the market, or as they perceived the market in Omnicare PharMerica, they felt that the transaction was anticompetitive, which I guess would lead me to say that the definition of market is the critical factor in these determinations and if the market is defined broadly, transactions have an easier chance of succeeding than if the market is defined narrowly.
David P. King: Ralph, it's Dave. I don't think it's material to either pricing or volume. Clearly, Clearstone is not, and I don't think Orchid is material to pricing or volume either. We've already given -- basically given you the volume contribution, which was about -- in the range of 30 basis points. So I don't think it's material to pricing.
David P. King: Well, it is true that Genzyme was terminated from the Aetna contract. Just to give you some background there, post the acquisition, Aetna did extend the contract with Genzyme, which we were very pleased about. I don't think that Aetna was jumping up and down and turning cartwheels about the fact that this termination was going to occur. But I think they were contractually required to do it and they felt that, that was their contractual obligation. I think at the same time, the providers and patients, the Aetna providers and patients who use Genzyme's services, recognize the unique and differentiated value proposition. I disagree with the comment made yesterday that Genzyme doesn't offer anything that our competitor offers. I think that's just not the case. So we're going to continue to serve the Aetna patients and providers who want to use us and we hope that, that will be most of them. And we're going to continue to offer our test menu, our genetic counseling and our overall expertise in reproductive genetics and oncology, and we'll be honored and pleased if those providers and patients will continue to use us.
David P. King: Now first of all, I did not say uncontrolled cost. I said unmanaged utilization. There's not utilization management. That doesn't mean that managed care is not aggressively trying to control lab costs and working to control lab costs. So what I said is there's no utilization management in place for laboratory services, and that most other services in health care do have some form of utilization management. We have a very small number of situations in which we're subject to preauthorization, for a very limited number of tests. And I think this is something that is likely to increase over time. I don't think the issue is overutilization. I think the issue is not ordering the right test for the right patient at the right time. And I think, in fact, there are some circumstances in which better decision support will lead to more utilization of things like prenatal genetic screening, where it's not being properly utilized today. So I think long-term, the likely implications for us are relatively small. The hope is that it will encourage physicians and health systems to use testing more wisely and also to be cognizant of the cost of the testing that they're ordering when they make those decisions.
David P. King: So Dane, on the guidance. I mean, let me first -- this notion that somehow the weather accounts for a beat of guidance does not make any sense to me. It does affect the year-over-year comp, but our guidance doesn't assume that we're going to have terrible weather. Our guidance assumes that we're going to have good weather. And your model, I don't think, assumed that we would have $0.05 negative of weather in there. So I don't think the weather has anything to do with the beat this quarter. I think what has to do with the beat this quarter is good volume, good pricing, good discipline around expenses. I'm not any more bearish than I was at the beginning of the year. I feel exactly the same way. We have one quarter in the book. We've always said that our guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes, and we started out with what we feel is very realistic guidance. We didn't give you low guidance and allow ourselves a lot of room. We gave you very realistic guidance, and we're well within the range of outcomes that we expect. So we'll revisit the guidance next quarter, but I feel very, very comfortable. I think the year is going to shape up just as we've talked about. There's going to be better utilization trends. It's going to be better year-over-year comps for us because the comps get easier as we go along, and looking forward to a great year.
David P. King: Sure. I think the fact that the government has chosen not to intervene and allowed the lawsuit to be unsealed is significant because the suit was under seal for some period of time. The government, in my experience, did a thorough investigation and determined that they did want to intervene in this suit. And I believe they reached the same conclusion with regard to a related suit that had been filed against Quest. However, the government is never precluded from coming back and revisiting its decision not to intervene, so when the papers are filed, when the judge makes a ruling, the government -- up until the time the case is finally resolved, the government always has the opportunity to reconsider its position and advise the court that it would like to intervene. And obviously, we are hopeful that the government has done a thorough investigation and made a sound decision, but I can't rule out that they could change their mind.
David P. King: No. Look, the number we gave was 2.8%. 1.5% benefiting from weather and about 30 basis points benefiting from Orchid. So that's 1% core volume growth. We also gave you the year-over-year esoteric growth. My view is weather is weather. It affects volume indiscriminately and largely equally. And so I don't think there's anything in the 1% number that can be further chopped or refined to get at a better sense of volume. And certainly, I just -- we can pick apart these numbers all day long, but the reality is the core business grew, the esoteric business grew, we feel good about both of them.
David P. King: I obviously am not going to talk about 2Q today. Again, I feel that we have been very consistent from the fall forward that we felt that we would see better utilization in 2012. We felt that over the year, utilization would pick up and sort of return to what we hope will be a more normal environment as we get late in 2012 and into 2013, and that the comps would improve because last year we had deceleration. I feel exactly the same way. I don't feel better. I don't feel worse. I feel very confident and comfortable with the guidance range that we've given, with the performance in the quarter and with the fact that we're executing well on our priorities.
David P. King: Well, the way that we analyze that, Gavin, is strength of days. And what Brad said is the strength of days was approximately the same year-over-year.
David P. King: I think the -- we and ACLA have been working very closely with Palmetto. We feel like they made some major improvements to their program, and we're hopeful that we're going to be able to have a collaborative effort in their endeavors to do a better job pricing and paying for molecular testing and our endeavors to make sure that we get fairly paid for the valuable service we provide.
David P. King: Pricing in the business is quite stable. Obviously, as we've said many times, it's below our average price point per requisition. I think we've done a good job in drugs of abuse testing. Again, all of the underlying investments we've made in improving the quality of service at our patient service centers, all the investments we've made in the touch system and AccuDraw and all the things that we're doing have led to, in my view, better and more consistent levels of service facing the patient, and that's what drugs of abuse testing is all about. So I think it's -- the drugs of abuse testing gains great -- it gains great leverage and synergy from the core business -- from the patient service centers, from the transportation, the couriers. And I think all the investments we've made to improve service are why we're seeing positive results there.
David P. King: Well, yes, it's conceivable. I don't think it's likely, because I think there will be attractive acquisitions, but if there are not attractive acquisitions to make, we're certainly not going to sit on the cash and let it build.  We're right at an hour, so we're going to try and be done here in the next 5 minutes if we can.
David P. King: The only contract that's up for renewal this year on the national level is Humana, and we're engaged in discussions with them and feel quite comfortable about where we are. So that's it for managed care in 2012 -- major national managed care.
David P. King: We have some renewals coming up in 2013 and again obviously, it's very early in discussions and again, feel good that we'll be in a good position to tell you more as things progress.
David P. King: Yes, we did renew that contract over a multi-year period on the same terms and conditions that were previously in place.
David P. King: What's happened is that other competitors have entered the market and normally, Art, we don't offer multiple versions of testing for the same analite. [ph] But in this case, because of Roche being in the market and some other competitors having entered the market, we're offering multiple options for the physicians to choose the HPV assay that they would like.
David P. King: Well, thank you very much for listening. I want to make one additional comment. As you know, at the end of April, Dr. Mohapatra will be retiring from Quest and I wanted to say that although a competitor, Surya has been a strong collaborator in our activities at ACLA and for the broader industry, and he's been a strong advocate for diagnostics and for our industry. So we certainly -- we'll miss Surya and wish him well in his future endeavors and we wish you all a good day. Thank you all for listening.
David P. King: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Good day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I'll also review our 2012 guidance.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remain strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2012, was $686.9 million. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 48 days at the end of March, an increase of 1 day year-over-year and 2 days sequentially. During the quarter, we reduced our bad debt rate to 4.4%.  Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 4% year-over-year in the first quarter. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 1.2% year-over-year. Total company volume increased 2.8% year-over-year during the first quarter. Esoteric volume increased 4.8% in the quarter. The quarter benefited from an easier weather comp, which increased the revenue and volume growth rate by 1.5%. Although there was an extra calendar day in the quarter, the strength of days in the quarter was approximately the same as last year.  Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.9% compared to 19.3% in the first quarter of 2011. We are very pleased with the margin improvement, which reflects the positive impact from our integration activities.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $129.9 million and $500 million available under our revolving line of credit. During the first quarter, we repurchased $122.3 million of stock representing 1.4 million shares. At the end of March, $462.1 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program.  This morning, we also reiterated our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3.5%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, in the range of $6.75 to $7.05, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Bill, it's Brad. I think it has more to do with the acquisition. So as you recall, we closed Orchid at the end of the fourth quarter of last year, so it's new basically in the first quarter, and we have -- we're early in the integration there. So we do have Genzyme integration and past acquisition integration that's benefiting. Some new acquisitions, and one that we're still integrating also from last year is Clearstone, in the clinical trial space. So I think it's a bag of -- a mixed bag of improvement in some, relative newness and still progress being made in others that is resulting in what we see there.
William B. Hayes: Dan, this is Brad. We do have people who are interested in that business and think it is important to have a local partner, so too early to call how that's going to end. But definitely something that we're interested in.
William B. Hayes: I just think it's all incorporated in our range of guidance and wouldn't want to guide on a specific assumption like that.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Darren I'll just add to that. I mean, our philosophy is unchanged, as Dave alluded to. Our first goal is to grow this business, and a lot of that growth can come from acquisition, given the market share that we have and the number of other players that are out there. And we alluded to that earlier a little bit in the industry commentary about the cuts. So that's still #1. I think when those opportunities are not present, you see us go more to share repurchase. And yes, we do have additional leverage that we could take on to be at optimal levels, but we like to reserve that right to do for opportunistic situations.
William B. Hayes: Yes. Sequentially, it's historic. We typically see about a 2-day rise between Q4 and Q1, just given the sales flow between the 2 quarters and the cash collection dynamics at the end of the year. So the sequential is sort of historical and in line. The one day year-over-year, I would say, is due to a several factors. One would be, we're having some experience from the implementation of 5010, the new electronic filing requirements, both on ourselves and the impact on our customers, on our physicians who end up paying us for laboratory services. They've had slowdowns. Another one would be, we still have -- not to the magnitude that we talked about last quarter, but a few lingering impacts of the Genzyme acquisition and conversion, but much, much smaller than the numbers we called out in the last several quarters. And last but not least, as we reduce the bad debt rate, it has some increase on DSO. But all in all, we look at our agents, we look at our allowance, we look at all of that and DSO in combination, and we're comfortable where we are.
William B. Hayes: Ralph, it's Brad. We said last quarter that Orchid for the year would contribute a point to overall revenue. Clearstone was immaterial to call out and we haven't done that.
William B. Hayes: So Dane, this is Brad. We'll go ahead with operating cash flow and I'll let Dave come back to the outlook. As we look at the operating cash flow for the quarter, it's entirely impacted by some working capital timing items, so we're maintaining our guidance for the year and feel like that's still appropriate guidance on the cash flow. So entirely working capital timing-related on that metric.
William B. Hayes: Nothing through the year that I can think of. So I'd think of it on an absolute dollar basis before I would as a percent of sales because sales can vary. And bad debt would be the only thing I can think of that would make the absolute dollar value grow as sales change. And I would say that there are integration activities that are ongoing, that are working to further help that metric. But I'd be careful also with the overall dollars, because there can be things like payroll days that vary quarter-to-quarter. But generally speaking, I think absolute dollars ability [ph] are something that we would strive for.
Kevin K. Ellich: Just a couple of questions. First, could you give us the drugs of abuse testing growth? I don't think Steve mentioned that in his prepared remarks.
Kevin K. Ellich: Okay. And then Dave, just wondering what the pricing environment is like now. We've heard a lot of comments about downward pressure coming from commercial payers. Just wondering if you have anything to add about that.
Kevin K. Ellich: Got it. And then suffice to say, you guys still continue to be the low-priced provider in the industry.
