Adam Schechter: Jack, I'll go first. So first of all, if you look at Drug Development overall and you look at our new guidance at the midpoint, the full year growth would represent 7.7%, almost 8%, CAGR since it's 2019. So that's about what you would expect for the business. But what's changed, frankly, is that we're seeing a larger-than-expected impact from kits in central laboratory. That's the most significant change. What happened last year was investigators ordered more kits than they typically would because there were some supply issues. So for example, butterfly needles were in short supply for a period of time. Some of the test tubes that we need that go in those kits were in short supply. And typically, when an investigator order a kit, we'd be able to get it to them in 2 or 3 days. With the supply issues, sometimes it was taking quite a bit longer than that. So once we had supply of kits, the investigators were ordering many more than what they actually needed. It was only like hoarding of the kits. That's very difficult to track, it's very difficult to know exactly how many they're using at any period of time versus the number of kits that they have. At the same time, we were sending out a lot of kits because of the COVID trials. And the COVID trial kits were coming back to us very quickly because they were enrolling very fast. We were sending them out some massive numbers of investigators because everybody was focused on those COVID trials. So it kind of masked the return rates of the kits for non-COVID-related trials. As we sit here today, what we're seeing is the kits going out in the third quarter of this year were about 30% lower the number of kits that we sent out in the third quarter of last year. So it's pretty significant. And we get paid for each kit that goes out. But even more significant, the number of kits coming back to us are not at 2019 levels yet. And we actually make most of our money on the kits that come back to us because that's when we perform all of the tests on the samples that come back to us. Now we believe that's temporary. We think it's -- sometimes when there's COVID issues like in Europe and so forth, it slows down the kits coming back. There could be some labor issues at the sites that are slowing down the kits coming back to us. The kits will come back to us. The trials will enroll. So we think it's a temporary timing issue. The reason we didn't flag it before now is when we looked at the beginning of the summer, the kits coming back to us were actually starting to increase. So we felt like they would continue to increase. Unfortunately, they leveled off very quickly and they've not increased again since that time. So again, we believe it's temporary, and we're working on it. But it's certainly something that's new based on what we've seen in third quarter, and we've expected that to continue in our guidance in fourth quarter. At the same time, the other issue we have is just labor. I mean finding labor is hard right now, particularly for frontline and other important personnel that you need in your laboratories. And it's not only hard to find them, but once you find them, training for something in the laboratory takes a lot longer than most other workers. And it takes them a while before they become fully productive. So when you look at our early development business, that business looks great in terms of orders, in terms of our capacity, in terms of RFPs. The issue that we're facing there is we just can't get all the studies up and running as fast as we'd like because we're needing more personnel. And we're doing everything we can. If you look at Madison, Wisconsin, we have a large lab. We actually have buses wrapped in Labcorp talking about come to one of our career centers because we're trying to hire as many people as we can as fast as we can. And then I'll turn it to Glenn for the other question.
Adam Schechter: Exactly. The thing I'd add to is, overall, we feel good about the business fundamentals in both Diagnostics and Drug Development. The RFP inflow is strong. Our wins are strong. Even our ability to offset, as Glenn just said, the loss of that FSP with new wins and a large market access win that we have. So the fundamentals are strong. We believe these are temporary issues.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll give you some color, I'll ask Glenn to jump in. And we'll provide more complete guidance, obviously, in February. But first of all, what we're focused on: we want to execute the spin as fast and as effectively as we possibly can. So we are focused on that. We've accelerated to the middle of next year, and we're doing everything we can to move quickly there. Second, when you think about Ascension and not just Ascension, some of the other hospital deals are really big and important to us. We're focused on integrating them, and they're going to represent strong growth opportunities, and it's going to represent significant revenue growth opportunities. What we're focused on in Diagnostics is the inflationary pressures that will remain, and we've got to find ways to reduce costs and to improve our margins. These hospital deals are going to impact our margins negatively in the beginning. And over time, we'll be able to take costs out. When you do these hospital deals, the most important thing is business continuity for the hospitals at that time. In addition to that, we have PAMA headwind, obviously. We're working to see if there's a new way to think about PAMA, which is SALSA. We're not putting on our base case at the moment. But by February, we should have a very good idea of where we are there. And then we have other things that Glenn can talk about.
Adam Schechter: And Erin, this is Adam. So I feel very good about the Diagnostics volume, and we're heading into next year with real strength. Our focus next year is going to be a lot of how can we improve margins and reduce costs. So that will be a big focus for us because we realize that the volume is going to grow extraordinarily well with these hospital deals. And we just have to make sure we get the margins to improve as fast as we can there.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No. Thanks for the question, Patrick. We feel really good about our early development demand. In fact, our orders are good, our book-to-bill is good, our RFPs are good. One of the biggest issues is that if a customer comes to us right now, we can't start the study as fast as we'd like. We're into next year -- well into next year already. The biggest issue we're facing in early development is just labor, and trying to get enough people so that we can get as many studies up and running as possible is the real fundamental issue, and we're facing it in early development laboratories around the world. It's not specific to the United States. So we have huge efforts underway to try to hire as many people as we can. The second issue with labor is that bringing people to early development laboratories takes time. They have to be trained really well. So even as you hire people, it takes them longer than typical for them to be productive in a way that somebody that's been in our lab for a year is. So the issues that we're facing in early development is a labor issue.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll start, Eric, and I'll ask Glenn to add some context. So we've not seen an increase in cancellation rates across any of the 3 segments. In fact, we're seeing the number of RFPs increasing as a percent year-over-year across the different segments. So demand feels pretty good. In terms of share loss, we lost the one FSP that we're going to more than offset with wins that we have. Things come in and they come out of our book-to-bill all the time. But it's going to impact us in the third and fourth quarter, and then we'll more than offset that as we go into next year with the wins that we have. If you look at the backlog, it's relatively flattish. The order growth in the quarter was offset by currency due to the strength of the dollar, but the cancellation rates are in the low single digits, and it's been that way for a very, very long time. I don't know, Glenn, if you want to add anything.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Sorry, I'd say 2 things. One is it's mostly the entry-level positions. It's not necessarily a pathologist or veterinarians. We're always having turnover and -- but the big issue is in entry-level position. The reason I'm not going to give you a percent is because it's not just the positions that we're filling, it's how long it's taking us to get people up to speed and trained. What I can say is that, with the work that we've done to increase our hiring rates, we've seen huge increases in the number of people that we're able to interview with the number of click rates on our sites because we've been doing a lot more through social media to try to hire people. So we are seeing that we are able to pick up demand, but it's still going to take us some time to train -- to get a really good laboratory technician fully trained could take up to 4 months, sometimes even longer, depending on how skilled they need to be.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thanks for the question, A.J. First of all, I'd say it's just continued inflationary pressure. But we're seeing it in a lot of areas of our cost structure. You're seeing it in materials, people-related expenses, supply chain and a tight labor market. So we're just focused on maintaining operational continuity while also managing through these headwinds. So it's not like there's new issues that we're facing. We just believe they're going to be continued issues that we're facing. The LaunchPad program, as you said, it's helping us mitigate these costs. We have plans in place. We have a path forward. We know how we're going after the LaunchPad initiatives. When we give you a number, we give that number with knowledge of how we're going to go after it and how we're going to get it. The key now that we're working on is how can we accelerate some of those savings, not do we know where they are. We know where they are. And some of them are in process improvements, some of those automation. Some of those take time, and we're trying to find ways to accelerate all of them.
Adam Schechter: I'll give you some context, Kevin, and I'll ask Glenn to jump in and so forth. First of all, we just closed the deal on September 30. Typically, that business is lower-margin business to start with. When we take over these laboratories, the most important thing that we do is ensure that the physicians can order and we can perform the test seamlessly if not better than what they had before. So we don't take out costs, we don't change systems, we don't change supply chain in the beginning. We just transition over the work with minimal disruption. And then over time, we use our scale and our capabilities to reduce their cost and improve the margins. So this is more about making sure that we do this the right way. This is a massive undertaking, and we want to make sure that there's no disruption to the patients and the physicians first and foremost. So the margins are very low in the beginning. And then over time, they get better. They never reach our historical margins in Diagnostics because it's just always going to be to some degree lower, but it will certainly get better over time. And then I'll ask if Glenn has any additional context.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll take the second part first, Rachel. So we're assuming that the kits coming back to us do not improve for the rest of this year. We've not seen improvement, therefore, for the rest of this year, we're assuming no additional improvement from where we are, which is slightly lower than the 2019 levels. In terms of kits out the door, they're actually at 2019 rate as we sit here today. And when I say 2019, I think 2019 and I put projected 4% or 5% growth on that each year. And when you get to this year, where you would expect us to be if we grew 4% or 5% CAGR since 2019. So kits out the doors look good and they're back to where they need to be. We want to get some more time under our belts to see as the kits start to come back to us faster, and we'll provide more information for 2023 where we give 2023 guidance. But for the rest of the year, we've taken out significant growth and kits back to us.
Adam Schechter: I'll answer the first part. So if you look at our capital allocation, we continue to be committed to our dividend. We continue to look at these hospital and local laboratory deals. They help us with our growth in our core. They're accretive first year to return the cost of capital quickly. And then we continue to believe we are undervalued. So share buybacks will continue to be a big part of our capital allocation, and we still have over $800 million that are available to us.
Adam Schechter: I would say it continues to be an issue with labor almost everywhere that I look in the economy, and frankly, around the world. I don't think it's getting worse. I just think it continues to be the same. So at this point in time, we're doing a lot of work on what we can do to retain people, attract people. We're facing very similar issues that other health care companies, but also even more broadly than that are facing.
Adam Schechter: Okay, so I want to -- yes, thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I believe that we have a lot to be excited about when we look at the future in the coming year. And then we're going to make continued progress. We know what we have to get done, and we're going to get it done. I want to welcome our associates from Ascension, and I want to once again thank our employees around the world who are carrying out their critical mission to improve their critical mission to improve health next day for everybody.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, yes, we commented that the FSP is impacting -- or the loss of the contract impacted our results in the quarter. The loss of it was actually earlier in the year and -- but the impact of it winding down really didn't impact our first half results. So really more of a third quarter or fourth quarter impact. For the quarter, it was around, call it, $22 million that we would have had in there a year ago for the contract. So it negatively -- recall, it was around a 3% headwind on for the Clinical Development business, and roughly half of that would be a headwind for the Drug Development segment. But again, as we commented as well, we've been really pleased with the recent awards that we have. So as we think about going into 2023, the lost contract there will be replaced by other orders that we're getting.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, overall -- maybe first kind of at a high level, Jack, that when you think about kind of the headwinds as we go into 2023, and Adam kind of alluded to and you did as well in your opening comments, but COVID testing, we'll know more, obviously, when we give our guidance in February. But the assumption is that it's going to be down pretty materially next year and following the trend that we've seen. But again, we'll have a better assessment when we give our guidance. But to your point, we did around 60% margin on COVID testing this year. And again, we talked about the going forward 24% tax right now. A big variable, again, as Adam commented on is PAMA. We've looked at around an $80 million to $100 million, if you will, range of an impact. But again, by the time that we give our guidance, we should know whether or not PAMA will be in the numbers for next year or not, we'll see. And then just the additional headwinds from the current inflationary environment and the labor constraints. Having said that, we really see a lot more positives than the headwinds that we're seeing. The demand levels, especially the momentum that we've seen in the Diagnostics business, not only have we seen volume levels pick up sequentially each quarter but even through the months of the quarter. So the expectation is that, that will continue into the fourth quarter and continue into 2023. And also, when you think about the correlation, while we're giving up high-margin COVID testing normally when -- if the expectation is that, that will be down to low levels, bodes better for the Base Business within Diagnostics as well. Similarly, Adam commented on the level of demand in Drug Development isn't the issue per se. It's more the kits issue that we said really hasn't come back to 2019 levels. And this is really the only aspect of even Drug Development, and it's really just the kits that are being returned. And so the expectation is the demand is there, the backlog is strong, the conversion that kits returned should come back to more normalized levels, and then hopefully, with the labor capacity issue abates a bit as well. And then you add to that another strong year of focus on cost measures, LaunchPad initiatives, another strong year of free cash flow generation, that will add to a good pipeline for acquisitions, let alone returning our capital. So when you stir it all together, we're actually pretty optimistic for '23 where we sit today. From a top line perspective, from our ability to drive margin improvement, realizing that we'll have headwinds from PAMA potentially as well as the annualization of Ascension will be a little bit of a margin headwind as well. But those combined with capital allocation, we feel actually pretty optimistic as we go into 2023.
Glenn Eisenberg: Erin, this is Glenn. I'll start on that one. So again, one of the really positive things that we have seen is that the volume levels have recovered within Diagnostics that we continue to see good growth this year, obviously, over last but also compared to 2019. And we're tracking from a volume standpoint, call it, a little bit over 1% kind of CAGR compared to where we were. So clearly, more room for growth, which is why as we enter into 2023, we feel that volumes will continue to pick up as we go through more of the recovery. When you look on the price/mix side, which again has also been positive, tracking to kind of more historical levels, plus or minus kind of 1% growth. We talk about there's always kind of the pricing pressures that we see, but we get positive on price/mix because of mix. We continue to see our esoteric and routine businesses growing, but esoteric, growing at a faster pace, which helps our mix acquisitions that tended to help our mix as well. And actually, when we think about now the large lab hospital management agreement we have with Ascension, as you know, we treat that as price as opposed to volume. So you'll see a pickup from that aspect as well as that becomes in the numbers and annualized. But acquisitions overall, we continue to see a slight improvement in our test per session. So a lot of positive momentum on the price/mix side as well as the volume side.
Glenn Eisenberg: No. I mean, I think that it's a -- we do provide it, Eric, is -- obviously, some key metrics that we think addresses that -- the level of orders that we have per quarter, the book-to-bill. Again, we talk about kind of the 1.2 or greater is really what we look for in order to hit kind of mid- to high single-digit growth rates. And obviously, the trailing 12 is at 1.25. So that continues to do well. The backlog, as Adam said, is up 6% year-on-year. The cancellation rates overall remain fairly steady. Again, as Adam said, kind of the low single digits is a normal process -- we have the normal gives and takes, if you will. The issue with the FSP contract and why we highlighted it for this quarter was not that it really had an impact kind of on the book-to-bill because we have stuff coming in, stuff coming out. But it was an existing contract so that we lose the revenues, if you will, on a year-over-year basis. Even though new orders coming in would offset, let's say, the cancellation, but the start-up for those revenues will be not in the current quarter.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add to that is that when we think about the hospital system deals, and Adam kind of alluded to it, very attractive deals financially. When we look at kind of return on invested capital, just a different profile. The in-hospital lab management agreements that we have are really a fee-based. So as a percent of revenues, it's a headwind to the overall revenues. The outreach labs that we acquire have margin profiles similar to or enhance the overall margin for the Diagnostics group. But given the size of Ascension and the size of the in-hospital lab management agreement, it tends to -- this is a higher percentage of in-hospital than a typical even hospital system deal we would do. We commented that it would be around 100 basis points negative impact to us in the fourth quarter. And then as Adam said, with the expectation that margins will grow as we integrate it into 2023 and beyond, but it will have less of a headwind in '23 as the margins pick up above what the first quarter would affect us.
Glenn Eisenberg: So from an EBIT perspective, call it, the first quarter. So the fourth quarter, first time we have it is kind of neutral. It will be positive from a profitability standpoint next year. So again, as you look at our financial criteria for acquisitions and these partnerships, we look for them to be accretive to earnings year 1, earn cost of capital by year 3 and have a very attractive IRR. And Ascension is no different. The first full year of ownership, positive to earnings and cash flow accretion. We'll earn our cost of capital at least by year 3 as an overall transaction. So we're excited about it, but with an acknowledgment that from a return on revenues, it will be dilutive to diagnostics markets.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So Rachel, to your comment, obviously, it continues to be at roughly that level on what we would call COVID-related. So roughly half of the cost impacting us from a revenue standpoint would be the kits. So call it, around $25 million impact during the quarter year-on-year. And similarly, the lower vaccine and therapeutics related to COVID would have the same amount of impact on the revenues for the quarter.
Glenn Eisenberg: And John, on the bad debt, again, not seeing really any change. Again, Drug Development, we normally don't have any bandwidth issues in the Diagnostics side. It's been at a fairly steady state. I would say, probably see a little bit of an increase now that the HRSA for the COVID testing. So when you look at our 50% margin that we did in the quarter, let alone expected in the fourth, there's a little bit of that associated with it. But as a general rule, bad debt continues to be consistent with what we would have experienced in the past.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. And John, when you look at our difference between our reconciliation in our financial statements that we said and we do break out retention. And you'll see, as Adam said, we continue to use that where needed. But overall, not a material issue.
