Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure, this is Glenn. I'll take the first part and Dave can do the other. With regard to the cash flows, as we look to the guidance and to your point we did increase the midpoint for the revenue and the earnings guidance that we provided. We elected to hold the cash flow guidance where it was again at record levels. Given that, from a cash standpoint, we generate the majority of our free cash flow in the second half of the year, so from our perspective we decided to wait till the third quarter is completed, when there's one quarter left in which case we'd look to modify that cash guidance, as well.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, Lisa, to your point we're leveraged at 3.3 times now, but again the bulk of the free cash flow we generate is in the second half so obviously our leverage is going to come down. We will use cash to acquire Sequenom by the end of the year, which will take the leverage up obviously from where we would have been otherwise, but still it will be lower than where we are currently. So we continue to not provide our guidance that would include share repurchases, but we'll continue to consider the possibility of repurchasing shares later this year, or clearly, given the cash flows of the business, not too far thereafter, but for right now, again, an all-cash transaction with strong leverage – strong balance sheet by the end of the year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, Jack, to your point, the implied growth rate in the second half for Covance is lower than the first half. We're looking based upon a midpoint – call it around 4% year-over-year growth in the second half. When you look at the impact from currency of a little over 1%, you look at the impact from the Sanofi site support agreement, which is a little over 2%, it kind of gets you to call it a little bit over 7% growth rate in the second half year-over-year off of a very strong second half of a year that we had last year. So again, consistent with kind of the historical growth rates of Covance, but we believe it's still a very strong performance expectation for the second half of the year.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yeah, again, the company overall performs – is performing well. Obviously a big focus on our gross margin, which obviously is helped by demand, helped by our LaunchPad initiative. Again, we're pleased to see that gross margin effectively improved year-over-year, when you take out just the mix impact, but frankly, as well as our SG&A side, where we got good leverage, as well, taking out mix. So, pleased with the performance at the top line and how we're leveraging it.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: We normally don't break that level out from a volume standpoint. We do comment that it was, or I guess around 90 basis points. We do say obviously, it's a good component of the rev per req. I think on average, if there is such you can say it's in the ballpark of around a third of it, which is – I guess our M&A overall had a nice impact on the quarter. Some of that is annualizing from deals that we would have done in the prior year, so going forward, the impact would be more in line with what our traditional growth rate for M&A is at around 1%.
David P. King: And, Robert, it's Dave. So, I think the major challenges for Sequenom as a stand-alone entity have been – have related to breadth of test menu and scale. I think under Dirk van den Boom's leadership in the last nine months, Sequenom has made significant improvements in technology and operations. But the reality is, there still is a need for the comprehensive women's health portfolio. There still is a need for broader reach into the OB/GYN offers. There's a need for reach in terms of convenience of being able to order NIPT testing on one requisition form, with the same orders as other women's health-related testing, so I think from an operational perspective, we think about several opportunities to make this a success, and we strongly believe it will be a success. Number one is just improving the laboratory operation and the efficiency of that operation, which as you know is something that we excel at. Number two is expanding the reach of their sales force, which we think of very highly, and extending that into the primary care and the OB/GYN market and number three is the comprehensiveness of the test menu and the opportunity to create one point where physicians can order all of what they need in women's health and reproductive genetics.
David P. King: We do expect it to be accretive. It's not going to be materially accretive in year one. But it will be accretive in year one and we expect, longer term, that it will be a significant contributor to earnings growth.
David P. King: Yeah, Bill, it's Dave, good morning. So, it's just more complicated to maintain the send-out relationship when you're talking about the high-end reproductive genetic testing, and it's more complicated, obviously, for somebody like Sequenom, because they're not offering the full test menu, they're – you're dealing with organizing logistics, you're dealing with routing blood from one place to another, routing samples from one place to another. And you're dealing with delays in turnaround time as a result of the logistics. So, although a send-out relationship in concept sounds attractive, it actually leads to more complexity. And as we think about how to be successful in the business generally and in this aspect of the business in particular, what the physicians and the patients want is more simplicity. So they want to be able to order on one req form, they want to be able to have one courier pick it up, they want to be able to have it go to one place where the logistics are handled by LabCorp instead of being handled by two different entities. They want to get the results back on one report form, and they want to have one place to go for interpretation, if genetic counseling, for example, is required. So from my perspective what we're doing is we're taking the opportunity to integrate a best-in-class NIPT test into a best-in-class women's health portfolio and that, in my mind, leads to enormous opportunity to grow in that market, which is one of the fastest growing parts of the Diagnostics industry in which we think, over the long term, as the technology improves and the test menu improves around not only non-invasive prenatal testing but all sorts of non-invasive testing that's now done through more invasive methods that we'll be extremely well positioned to succeed.
David P. King: Yeah, so we are seeing significant progress in payer coverage for non-invasive prenatal testing for average risk patients. So the opportunity there obviously grows the market significantly, because it provides at least the potential to reach a couple of hundred million covered lives as opposed to what we'd characterize as merely the high risk market and you're seeing payer acceptance of it because the technology is sound, the clinical results are well validated. And again, with Sequenom, you have over 500,000 tests performed and you have the largest clinical database to support the expansion of the market. In terms of expansion of the testing, obviously Sequenom has been at the forefront in terms of offering fetal fractionation, micro deletions, now the genome aspect of NIPT to expand upon the original MaterniT21 test, so yes, we think there will continue to be opportunities there, and then I would just also parenthetically as mentioned in the talking points, Bill, point to the international opportunity that this provides us should not be underestimated, because Sequenom has focused on Europe and Asia-Pacific, and that those are markets where I think there's still plenty of opportunity for adoption of non-invasive prenatal testing.
David P. King: Amanda, it's Dave. Obviously, there are-- and I think these comments were made on Illumina's call. People had been moving toward performing these tests in-house. We like Sequenom's technology. We like the breadth of the test menu. Obviously, the New York licensure is quite important, so this will integrate well into what we've already done in non-invasive prenatal testing. And again, the number of tests that they've performed and the clinical evidence and support will really help in terms of the average, the demonstration that this test makes sense for the average-risk population. In terms of the managed care contracts, typically the managed care relationships fall under our contracts post-acquisition. We've carefully examined, to the extent we're able to do so, obviously, as part of the diligence process, our managed care contracts versus their managed care contracts and we don't see material difference there, so that's another positive in terms of how we think about being able to put these businesses together.
David P. King: I think it probably is too early to answer but again we don't expect it to have any material impact.
David P. King: Good morning, Lisa. Yes. As you know, CMS started out with the idea of the bundled demonstration, or the bundled payment for the joint replacements. Now they've proposed bundled payments for cardiovascular. Obviously, it's going to take some time to see how that really plays out. But I would say that particularly when you move away from the inpatient setting, so let's distinguish between the inpatient and the outpatient setting. In the inpatient setting, I continue to believe that these types of bundled structures, structures will encourage hospitals to look at how they can reduce the costs of the components of the bundle, and on the laboratory and the diagnostics side, that obviously puts us in a very strong competitive position. On the outpatient side, as you look at bundled payments for total care, again, physicians who are treating patients as – who are owned or affiliated with health systems, are going to be looking at: How do I get each component of what I need to treat this patient at the highest quality and the most effective price point? And we're going to be extremely well-positioned, and with cardiovascular in particular as you think about cardiovascular risk, because of LipoScience and the NMR Profile and because of our comprehensive suite of cardiovascular services and risk assessment services, I think we're going to be extremely well positioned to be a valuable ally to the hospitals as they think about how to make the most of any sort of cardiovascular bundling.
David P. King: Yeah, I think that's a really important point to make, which is, we spend a lot of time focused on the hospital relationships and we think about the importance of our engagement with health systems as broad partnerships, so we don't spend a lot of time talking specifically about lab management, for example. We have plenty of lab management deals, but we try to frame them in the context of an overall partnering relationship around pathology, around reference testing, around lab management, and we certainly are having these conversations about – and every hospital executive I talk to, it's about: How do we continue to provide the highest quality care to our patients, and continue to reduce the cost side of the equation? And those conversations are under way, and we're optimistic about the opportunity to help the health systems in dealing with some of these changes in reimbursement. Because I agree with you, 2018 is not far off at all when it comes to the type of structural change we're seeing.
David P. King: Good morning, Jack. I'm going to ask Deb to give you an update on kind of the business and the integrated offering and then Glenn will answer your question on the back half.
David P. King: And I would say, Jack, it's Dave, just a couple follow-ons to that. I mean, my perception is that my conversations and probably Deb's, as well, are at a different level with prior conversations. We're talking to senior people about broad collaboration across multiple areas of interest for the drug companies, as opposed to a procurement fight about: How much am I going to pay for this? Or how much am I going to pay for that? There's a much greater emphasis in drug development now on quality and speed, and the combination of our capabilities really plays right into that. Also, if you just look at the performance of companion diagnostics, which we highlighted as one of the three key priorities, our companion diagnostics businesses combined have done tremendously well. And the launch of the Roche assay that I mentioned in the talking points but I also highlighted immuno-oncology, one of the fastest growing therapeutic areas. Everybody is working on immuno oncology and we clearly are the market leader in developing and launching these tests with three tests and four applications in the last year. So I think we're doing an excellent job on the integration and Covance has done a terrific job on early development solutions. It's about having an extensive menu that customers can choose what they need from and then delivering the value. And with that I'll turn it over to Glenn for the financial question.
David P. King: It's Dave. Because PAMA very clearly set out how the clinical lab fee schedule is to be adjusted over time, we don't expect that there will be any 2017 adjustments, other than the potential CPI update that's built in. So generally, I would think about the clinical lab fee schedule for 2017 as flat, and in terms of overall pricing, just want to be clear that the revenue per requisition increase that you're seeing is driven largely by mix, not by unit price, so we think of the pricing environment as stable, and we expect it to be so out through the balance of this year and 2017.
David P. King: Yeah, Ricky, I think that's reasonable. Obviously, when we talk about that organic volume, I mean, that's really just the growth in the business that comes from essentially more tests from the same customers. And I think 1.5%, in that range, is very realistic to think about over time. Again, just given the demographics of the population, the increasing number of insured lives, the potential for some-- for incremental Medicaid expansion, so I do think that that's the right way to think about it, and obviously it doesn't take into account things like contract wins or acquisitions, which we tend to call out separately.
David P. King: So I think in terms of visibility, part of the challenge is that, although we're pleased with the expansion of the applicable labs in the rule that CMS issued, we still don't know what that really means in terms of capturing the hospital outreach business, and I just want to say that I think CMS-- I'm pleased that CMS has been willing to consider the industry's comments. I think ACLA has done a terrific job, and the hospital associations as well, in bringing these issues to CMS's attention. I continue to be disappointed that the data show that 50% of lab revenue is still going through the hospitals, even though the volume is lower, considerably lower, than what goes through the independent labs. That means hospital pricing has to be way higher, and we all know it is. So to say that we're doing a market survey and essentially take into account only a very limited slice of that market, to me does not do what Congress asked CMS to do. Now, having said that, our visibility into what the impact, or the floor, will be is still limited until we go through the process of understanding how many more labs are captured, and what the survey looks like. In terms of offsetting the financial impact, I think it's important that people think of LaunchPad as a long-term initiative for our business, not as specific projects, and so what we've said about LaunchPad is that we're going to get the savings over a three-year period, but what we've also said is LaunchPad has now transitioned into organizational and structural activities, as opposed to things like our supply chain, and a lot of the things that we're doing around LaunchPad, particularly now focusing on that front-end engagement with the patient, are going to help us to offset the impact of whatever the PAMA and clinical lab fee schedule reductions in 2018 turn out to be.
David P. King: Sure, I think, one thing to remember is when we think about Beacon LBS is, Beacon LBS is something that the Beacon LBS team invented from scratch and built. So it's a pretty significant accomplishment that that team took an idea and a concept and really built it into a business that's now generating a pretty significant amount of revenue. The results from Beacon LBS, when you look at the things that the team set out to achieve, the out-of-network lab spend in Florida has declined. The test selection based on evidence-based guidelines has improved. The use of the lab network has increased, which leads to lower consumer out-of-pocket costs. So these are all, I think, positives for what Beacon LBS can accomplish. Are there things that we want to do to make it better? Absolutely. We want to make it more attractive to providers in helping them to select the right tests, so that it becomes a positive tool for choosing the right diagnostic testing. We want to expand the scope of it to increase the utility. Again, you look at the surveys, and physicians say 30% of the time they're not sure what test to order, particularly when it comes to molecular testing. So we have the opportunity to make Beacon LBS something that becomes a positive in the provider office, and helps them get the right test and interpret it correctly. Those enhancements are in process, and obviously there are also competitive tools in the marketplace, and we want to be better than the competitive tools. As we enhance Beacon LBS, as we extend its capabilities, as it becomes more and more integrated into EMR systems, I think we will move to new markets, and I think my perception is that United sees it as a valued tool to help them with correct lab test selection and management of their out-of-network spend. And we're both anxious to see it grow and expand into new markets.
David P. King: Yeah, we do feel comfortable. Obviously when we – we have a limited visibility when we're doing diligence into an acquired company's customer list. So we don't have a perfect idea, but we always assume there's going to be some attrition. One of the nice things about this test, though, is we really do feel that it's best-in-class, and so I think the likelihood that there's going to be significant attrition is not the same as it would be in a typical, we're acquiring another – just acquiring another laboratory. I think the other reality is as you get into highly specialized testing that's really dependent on capabilities and methodology and the clinical database, that there is less appetite for switching than there is if you're just using one reference lab, and now it's acquired by another reference lab. So, we feel good about the ability to retain the key customers, and again, are counting on and looking forward to working with the Sequenom team to make that the case.
David P. King: Yeah, thank you for mentioning that. The liquid biopsy pipeline at Sequenom is something that has been there for a while, and as you say candidly, I think from a resource perspective, they've not been able to focus on it as much as they would like. They really like the liquid biopsy opportunity and our scientists from their evaluation think there's real potential there. So that's probably a part of the deal that is going to take a little longer to materialize, but at the same time, we like that as a long-term opportunity. We like it as complementary to our oncology business, and we'll have the resources to support that and integrate it with the work that we're doing on liquid biopsy and on oncology test development generally, which I think will be a strong positive for their program and ultimately for the market.
David P. King: Well, it's Dave. I think the fact that we announced an acquisition this morning in the Diagnostics space should tell you that we're looking to be opportunistic in acquiring the assets that we think are going to bring the highest value for our business and the best return for shareholders. And we'll continue to do that, and continue to look at the business needs, and evaluate where we should deploy capital.
David P. King: Certainly there may be. I mean, I think the history of hospital outreach acquisitions is mixed, because you worry about significant attrition, and you worry about now that the lab is not owned by the hospital anymore the ability to retain the work. Again, we look at the hospital and health system relationships as we want to be broad partners around the in-house laboratory, the outreach business, the reference business, the pathology, the patient management, the population health, so I wouldn't focus so much on how we deploy capital toward hospital outreach as I would on how do we deploy capital to meet our stated criteria, accretive in year one, meet our financial metrics and provide value to shareholders over time.
David P. King: Sure. Isaac it's Dave. So, as I mentioned earlier, from an accretion perspective, it will be accretive in year one but not materially. So in the out years, the combination of the top-line revenue growth opportunity and bringing some greater efficiency to their laboratory operation, we think, will give us the opportunity for the acquisition to be materially accretive. In terms of what we look for in acquisitions, we've always talked about expanding our capabilities, we've talked about geographic footprint, we've talked about test menu. Two very important criteria for this transaction. And we've talked about strategic fit with the business, whether it's the Diagnostics business or the Drug Development business. And in terms of the financial criteria, we look at many multiples. Obviously we look at multiples of EBITDA, pre-and post. We look at DCF, but the fundamental premise is accretive in year one, and meets our cost of capital sort of by year three to year four, and again, this transaction falls squarely within those metrics. And our aspiration is that every transaction that we do when we deploy capital would fall squarely within those metrics.
David P. King: Well, as I said, it's an exciting day at LabCorp's today. We appreciate everybody's time and participation on the call. We thank you and hope you have a great day.
