Adam Schechter: Sure. First of all, thanks for the question. And I'll give you some context, and I'll ask Glenn to give some additional context. The first thing is that the clinical development market is a very exciting market. It's probably about more than $25 billion in potential revenue. So it's a very large market, and it grows very quickly. And if you look at the business that we're spinning out, historically, it has about an 8% CAGR. And what we expect for the future is that it will have high single-digit organic growth. So it is a fast-growing business in a very large market. That's part of the reason we think it makes sense to spin it out at this time. When you look at the margins, we don't give the exact margin yet. And the reason why is because we still have a lot of shared services, and we have to break out those shared services to understand what the full margin picture will look like. Historically, what we've said is that we've seen margin improvement in that business year-over-year for multiple years now. And as we look to the future, and we said there'd be margin expansion, we've always said that the clinical development business has the greatest potential for additional margin expansion.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for that question. And as we look at the strategy overall, I mean, the reason it makes sense to do the spin and to do it now, it really is going to give strength and strategic flexibility and operational focus so that we can pursue the specific market opportunities and customer needs in each of those areas. The market for our laboratory services is different than that of the clinical trials. It gives us the focused capital structures and capital allocation strategies to drive the growth that we're looking for. And I think it also provides shareholders with more target investment opportunities. We are going to have arrangements between the companies that will enable -- that will enable us to make sure that the new business will have access to some of the data and the insights that we get from the diagnostics, which is a big part of the advantage that I think the Drug Development business has. In terms of looking at the central laboratory business, what's interesting is our central laboratory business, the vast, vast majority of our business comes from companies outside of ours. And in fact, it's only about 15% to 20% of the central laboratory business that comes from the clinical trials that we're running. So I think we actually will have expanded opportunities to do even more central laboratory work as we open it up and we're no longer only related to one Phase I through IV organization.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thanks so much for the question, Jack. I appreciate it. The first thing I'd say is we did the strategic review the majority of last year. And at the end of last year, in December, we announced 5 things that we're going to do. We were going to do a dividend, a large share buyback program, of which we'd accelerate part of that. We announced the LaunchPad initiative. We gave long-term guidance, and we also announced that we would have increased disclosures. And we gave time lines for each of those things. And I hope you see we met every deliverable that we committed to -- in the time line that we committed to. But importantly, in December, we said that we decided that the current structure was in the best interest of stakeholders at that time. And we were very clear to say at that time because we knew that post the review, the Board was going to continue to evaluate avenues to enhance value, including potential transactions. We were going to talk to more external people. At this point, we see strong growth in each of the businesses. So we feel really good about the business profiles. We've determined that a separation by spin will enhance value, but it's also going to give both companies the ability to get sustainable growth. And to me, having focused capital structures is really important because there's a lot of business development opportunities out there. And I think the way you prioritize those could be very different between the 2 businesses. And the last thing I would say is the COVID environment, if you remember, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year with Omicron was pretty dire. And we were very focused on making sure we could do all the tests we could, that we could do all the drug development studies that we were involved in, and it wasn't the right time for any type of distraction or disruption. So overall, we believe now is the right time to move forward. Second part of your question was, where do you draw the line? It's very clear that the laboratory business has a very different capital structure, equipment needs, very different needs than the structure for a clinical development business, which is basically people out on the street. And there's no doubt that when you think about having a global footprint for diagnostics, it will enable us to bring diagnostic testing around the world. The other thing that's important is when you think about companion diagnostics and personalized medicine, much of that is done very early in development. So as we think about having laboratory services, it's going to enable us to have a global footprint to do personalized companion diagnostics, which is becoming more important, and to bring that out around the world and has a very, very different growth profile, a very different capital structure needs and so forth. So we were very thoughtful and made sure that we're making very thoughtful decisions as to what we keep with laboratory versus what we spin out with clinical development.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for the question, Eric. And sorry you had a problem getting on the call. We'll look into that. With regard to the drug development, we put the LaunchPad initiatives in place back in December, and we had a pretty strong understanding of what we were going to do. We did accelerate some of the LaunchPad initiative. But a big part of what we did in the second quarter was we realized that in central laboratory, we were not doing much new COVID-related work. And because of that, we were able to reduce a significant number of people, particularly those that were making kits by hand. And we had a lot of people doing that. I said before that we were keeping extra people in both drug development and in the diagnostic areas because we didn't know what we potentially need in the future for COVID. We've determined that for central laboratory, we do not believe we're going to have a lot of new COVID-related work moving forward, and therefore, we didn't need to have those people that were making the manual kits. So that's probably a lot of what you heard. As we move forward, we're going to continue to have other LaunchPad initiatives in place. A lot of those are about how we can improve efficiency and effectiveness, but also, we believe that we're going to continue to have margin expansion in that business as well based upon the run rate that we are at right now.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you for the question, Patrick. And when you look at the RFP environment in drug development, it remains very healthy. And in fact, if you look even our central laboratory, we had a decline this quarter because of the COVID-related work. But we're confident in the growth in that business for the Base Business going forward because of the orders that we see and the book-to-bill that we have. So we have not seen an increased cancellation environment. We continue to see a very strong environment for all aspects of the Drug Development business as we move forward. With regard to the spin, we've looked at all the different options. And based on all those options, we believe a spin is the right thing to do. Of course, there may be other things that people come to us. But I think we've shown as a management team, we're open. We listen. We really analyze whatever comes our way. But based on everything we know, as we sit here today, we think the spin is the best path forward for really capturing both customer and shareholder value.
Adam Schechter: Yes. No, thank you for the question, Kieran. The first thing I'd say is we think the Diagnostic business is performing very well. The Base Business revenue grew 3.9% versus the prior year, and the Base Business volume was up 3.4% compared to last year. And the growth was coming from both routine and esoteric testing. In fact, if you look at the Base Business CAGR, it was 4.3% versus 2019. So you see good, strong underlying performance. When you look at the PCR testing, you'd see the decline. You saw a decline from first quarter to now. And in fact, we did about 31,000 tests per day on average. When you do less tests, it has some impact on the margin. We've also seen a payer mix switch. We used to have the uninsured firm, HRSA. We no longer have that. That was higher-margin business than the retail sector. We've seen more of our business move to the retail sector, where also it challenges our margins a bit. Margin right now for PCR testing is about 60%, but we'll continue to do everything we can to manage that. And we see the retail sector as an opportunity. But frankly, we're really focused on our Base Business. We're really focused on the hospital and the local laboratory acquisitions that are before us. And to me, that's the long-term growth that we see. So we'll continue to do what we can in PCR testing, but long term, we're really focused on getting that base business to perform well, and I think you've seen that in the quarter.
Adam Schechter: All right. So I want to thank everybody who joined us today. Labcorp continues to be at the forefront of science, innovation and technology, and we continue to deliver on our strategic priorities. As always, I also want to thank our more than 75,000 employees around the world for their tireless work carrying out our mission to improve health and improve lives. We look forward to talking with all of you soon.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Adam, is that, Ricky, as you know, when we've done the enhanced disclosures, so we provide the full Drug Development segment, obviously, revenue down to margins. When we gave the enhanced disclosure of the 3 businesses that comprise it, obviously, clinical being one of them, we didn't provide the margins essentially for the reason that Adam had said, that we have a lot of shared resources. They're not necessarily stand-alone businesses. They're part of the segment. I think directionally, it's fair to say that when you look at the margins of the businesses, they all have different characteristics. And in the case of the clinical business, it is the one business that has, frankly, over 20% of its revenues that are pass-through revenues. So obviously, would constrain the margins of that business relative to the other businesses that wouldn't have that. But as Adam said, it's a very profitable business and a business that each year, we've seen margin improvement continue, and we expect that to continue going forward.
Glenn Eisenberg: It's Glenn. I'll start with that one. When you look at where we were in the first quarter, and the margins were low, and we kind of explained where they were. We felt pretty good that we made the comment that still for the full year, we would expect margins to be comparable year-on-year, in part because of the run rate where we were ending that quarter. So we did see what we saw towards the end of the first quarter. And again, came in margins now comparable to last year. Frankly, they would have been up compared to last year if you took out the COVID testing that we did last year. So as we think about the second half, we have still the expectation of continued top line growth, but also a lot of the cost reduction initiatives, LaunchPad and so forth, that was, call it, late in the second quarter. We're going to now get the full quarter benefit as we go into the third and the fourth. So between the top line, between the cost reduction initiatives that we have in place, similar to the end of the first quarter as we finished the second quarter, we're frankly at a run rate now that supports the higher level of margins that we would need to see in the second half to continue to believe that our full year margins will be comparable -- on a Base Business level, comparable to what we did last year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, and Adam commented that it's still at a very attractive margin. So we've commented in the past that last year, we were kind of in the 70% margin, so obviously very attractive. But to still be at 60% speaks to the fact that, one, volume levels are down, we continue to keep the labor force to make sure that we have the capacity because we don't know if there'll be future spikes. So obviously, from a labor efficiency, we're absorbing that. And obviously, as Adam said, too, as we do more in the retail setting, it has a mix. But again, as we look to the outlook for the year, and part of the reason for the improved outlook in our earnings guidance that we have is that we're actually performing more COVID testing than what we had expected, and that's why we continue to keep the excess capacity available for the unknown.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. I guess, first, to your comment, when we announced PGDx and also when we announced Ascension, which obviously hasn't closed yet, we commented that both acquisitions were very strategic and we believe would provide a very attractive return on our investments. However, both, especially initially, would be dilutive to our margins. So with the advent of PGDx having closed in part of the business, mostly impacting, even though it's spread a little bit across both of our segments, mostly into the drug development side, it does have a constrain on their margins. So as we think about margins year-on-year when we talk about that we expect margins to be comparable to a year ago, that's even with a little bit of pressure on the margin from the PGDx acquisition. Within Diagnostics, again, our margins -- most of the acquisitions tend to be a mix positive to us. The large hospital systems, especially when you're doing the in-hospital lab work, tends to put some pressure on the margins. So similarly, we would comment that for the year overall, Diagnostics margins would be relatively flat kind of from that base organic. But ultimately, once Ascension is closed and then goes into the results in Drug Development, you will see some pressure on the margins. So the way that we look at margins overall for the company is that this year, year-on-year from our Base Business margins, call it, organically would be, call it, flattish. They will be down a little bit because of the dilutive impact on the margins from PGDx and Ascension. But all the other acquisitions that we've announced and that are in the pipeline would be more of the traditional kind of tuck-ins even though there's still hospital systems that we have in there. But overall, with the outreach being a component of that, we expect it to not be a big impact on the return on our revenues. We have commented though that with the impact on EPS, really only PGDx was one that we acquired that we felt would be dilutive to earnings this year. Having said that, the other acquisitions that we were doing, Ascension as well as the others, would be offsetting that. So from an EPS standpoint, relatively neutral. From a margin standpoint, a little bit dilutive.
Glenn Eisenberg: Again, when -- obviously, the acquisition of Covance was a long time ago and since then, a lot of changes from acquisitions to the growth of the businesses, Again, the reason we haven't broken out the individual components of it is the way we operate the business. It's integrated and a lot of shared resources and allocation of costs so that ultimately, when we carve out, if you will, the clinical development part of the business and make it a stand-alone business, we'll be able to give you exactly the profitability, the margins that will be there, and we'll actually do it going back for a 3-year period with audited financials. So I think what we're trying to say is directionally, you've heard us say that the clinical side of the business, while very profitable, is impacted by the impact of pass-through revenues, which, again, when we acquired Covance, we were under 605 accounting where over 20% of the revenues today, they would not have had in their margins. So obviously, that would constrain the margin. But again, very profitable, margins that continue to grow, and we'll be in a much better position once we do the carve-out financials and have it as a standalone business with the corresponding costs specifically related to that business. We'll provide it. But again, it's at an attractive level.
Glenn Eisenberg: So I'll go ahead and start, Matt. So again, the timing to effectuate the spin, we're calling -- call it, look, the second half of next year and a lot of processes that you go through in spinning a company from -- obviously, we're going to make sure that it's a tax-free exchange. We're working with the IRS to again, doing the audited financials plus you're effectively standing up a company that has been part and integrated into an overall organization. I think what we've said at this point was we're announcing our intent to spin it strategically and that we will, over the course of effectuating the spin, continue to communicate and provide you with additional information as we have it that's really more relevant at the times. Once those decisions are made, once the accounting and the standup of the margins, I think, directionally, we've given you a good sense of where it is. The positive, frankly, from the company standpoint, especially as it relates to the balance sheet, we have a very strong balance sheet, a commitment to continue as Labcorp, investment grade with the same targeted leverage ratios that we've had before. We are below those targeted ranges right now. Obviously, we've been increasing the amount of our share repurchase program, and we've been increasing the amount of M&A that we've seen. So we purposely have kept a very strong balance sheet to continue to be able to pursue all of our capital allocation initiatives, including the initiation of a dividend. If you were to pro forma the company, even as if we didn't have the clinical business, we would still be within the, call it, the targeted range of our leverage right now. So it really speaks to the fact that we don't believe there will be a constraint on our ability to continue to pursue acquisitions for the -- for both companies as they're both part of Labcorp today. But when we stand up the spin company, while we haven't commented specifically on its capital structure other than to say both businesses will be well capitalized such that they'll be in very good positions to continue to pursue growth strategies, both through organic or internal investments as well as through acquisition opportunities.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, Kevin. First, on the unallocated corporate, which was up $29 million, if you will, year-on-year. We talked about there were 2 changes in kind of the methodology of how we're treating corporate unallocated on our prior call. So the first is that for Drug Development, part of its bonus that is tied to enterprise results is reflected in corporate unallocated or said differently, all of the incentive compensation for Drug Development that's tied to the Drug Development business is resident in the Drug Development segment. So that way, as you look at our Drug Development business relative to the peers, it's all related to that business. So that's part of the increase. And until that annualizes, you'll see an increase year-over-year. And again, the reason why it's a big number is, again, the strong performance that we're seeing within the enterprise, driven in part by higher-than-expected COVID testing. The other methodology change was really including in corporate unallocated our investments in oncology and R&D, specifically, that's not targeted or supporting current revenue streams. So it really had 2 impacts. One, so that it's now centralized, so we kind of manage and look at R&D as an enterprise, but also with the acquisition of PGDx, which has a high component of its cost structure, if you will, more of an R&D business than we've had historically. You also have the year-over-year impact because it was an acquisition. So those numbers wouldn't have been there. If you take those out, you've explained virtually all of the increase year-on-year. And I guess another way of thinking about just modeling going forward is that our unallocated corporate expense relative to, call it, Base Business revenues will be in, call it, 1.5% to 2% kind of range as an ongoing normal kind of environment. Relative to CapEx, we talked to -- it was a higher level of CapEx spend this quarter versus a year ago. We do expect that for the year, our capital spending, we normally talk about around 3.5% of our revenues on base revenues, is still there. So we -- quarter-to-quarter, there's always some timing differences that affect it, but we're currently on pace with our expected capital spend for the year.
