David P. King: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations.  This morning, we will discuss our third quarter 2011 financial results, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently-asked questions. I now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson, who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: Okay, Adam, it's Dave. Obviously, we're pleased with the 3Q volume growth of 2.1% and year-to-date volume growth given the economic conditions. And our third quarter volume growth obviously included some help from Genzyme, 90 basis points, some help from drugs of abuse and some organic growth. So it's a nice mix of contributors to the growth of volume. At the same time, you can obviously see that organic growth was 3% in the first quarter, 2% in the second quarter and 1.2% in the third quarter, and it was 3% in the fourth quarter. So the volume trend in general is slowing, and I don't think I'm the first person to be saying that in the healthcare services industry. I think we're seeing that across-the-board. I guess my overall observation would be that we're not seeing significant job growth in the broader economy. We're not seeing across-the-board increases in commercially insured covered lives, although, I'm sure you know that United did say that they have seen a positive trend in their commercial lives. So I think overall volume growth is going to continue to be muted until we see recovery in the economy, job creation and growth in people who have insurance of one form or another. In terms of the managed care perspective, obviously, we've talked about the extension of the United contract, which we're very pleased about, and that gives us the opportunity to continue working with United towards some long-term goals that we share. Generally beyond that, I would say that the managed care environment is relatively stable. And I'd summarize it by saying there are really 3 things that are on managed care's radar screens in terms of lab. One is unit cost. And we've consistently been the lowest cost provider and we work hard to maintain that position. Two is trend, so that's utilization. And I think that means that managed care plans are very much focused on leakage and work going outside the network because that drives both trend and cost. And third is the broad concern that expensive molecular testing, particularly if it's being proposed as screening testing for the asymptomatic population, can drive both cost and trend in extremely negative directions. And so I think there's a lot of concern about what new tests are coming to market; will labs be able to show specific applications for those test like the companion diagnostic that we launched in the third quarter that address utilization of particular therapies; and patient response to utilization of those therapies. So I think those are the 3 kind of high-level issues that managed care is thinking about as it thinks about labs. And I think we're well positioned to respond to all of them.
David P. King: Bill, it's Dave. I think we've sort of put out there that you need 4% total growth to really achieve the foundation model. And that's, of course, all other things being equal. So we had more than 4% growth this quarter, but we also have the drag of the acquisitions that are being integrated that are detractors. I think if volume growth is 1%, unless you're going to see 3% price growth, it's going to be tough to achieve consistently that kind of 8% OI growth and 10% EPS growth.
David P. King: Well, as I said last evening, I mean, I think we, as an industry, have to be aware that everybody is again being asked to contribute to savings. And so unfortunately, what is being considered in Washington is not policy driven, it's savings driven. And a lot of ideas are floating around that's for reasons that we've articulated, I think, are really bad policy and contrary to the idea of generating long-term savings in healthcare. So I think if you impose co-pays, the likelihood is that in addition to shifting cost to the beneficiaries and ultimately to the lab industry for people who don't pay, you're also running the risk of deterring utilization, of people not getting screening done. And as a result, creating more acute incidences of care that are going to be more expensive. And I mentioned last night, the study came out on heart failure and hospitalizations and how much progress we've made on hospitalization for heart failure. Those heart failure hospitalizations cost $18,000 apiece. You got to collect a lot of co-pays from customers to offset that one single $18,000 incident. And again, one of the reasons that, in my view, that heart failure hospitalizations have gone down among seniors is there's much better testing of cardiac markers. There's much better understanding among physicians of what those marker means. There's broader utilization of statins when people need them. So all of these things have a cascade effect. And if you start implementing bad policies, ultimately, it doesn't reduce cost, it increases cost. That was a -- do I think there's risk? Absolutely. I think there's risk. And it's not just -- it's not because it has anything to do with labs, it's because there's risk to everybody in healthcare and everybody in healthcare services. And everybody who got cut in 2010 to make healthcare reform work is -- or to make -- I'm sorry, to make the numbers work in the healthcare reform bill is looking at getting cut again. And we'd be naive to think that we're not being looked at as well.
David P. King: Bob, it's Dave. No change. We remain interested in pathology acquisitions and particularly ones that fit well into our core pathology strengths, including hematopathology. Obviously, you can't minimize the fact that Caris traded at $725 million, which is a big price on a high multiple. So again, it's just discipline in the acquisition environment and not overpaying are as important as making sure that we get the right acquisitions.
David P. King: Ralph, it's Dave, certainly not from an earnings perspective. We probably lost a little volume based on the hurricane, but not to the point where I think it's material to talk about it.
David P. King: The contract, Ralph, expires at the end of the year. And we don't have an update other than to say that I believe the plan is actively considering where it's going, and we feel very comfortable that we've made them a strong proposal.
David P. King: So Amanda, it's Dave. We feel very good about revenue retention at Genzyme Genetics. And again, I think both the Genzyme and LabCorp teams have done a terrific job in keeping those customers happy and maintaining a level of service, and actually in many cases improving the overall level of service. There is some pricing compression that occurred in the third -- beginning in the third quarter and we'll see it over -- there will be a 4 quarter impact on the comparables. And there will probably be a little bit more, but again, nothing outside of our expectation in terms of compression. And we feel good about where we are.
David P. King: When we talk about organic growth, I mean, our organic growth always contemplates -- I mean, when we give guidance, we always contemplate that some of our growth is going to come from small tuck-in acquisitions. So talking about organic growth, it would be -- because those tuck-in acquisitions basically involve billing and consumer conversion almost on day 1 after the acquisition closes, it would be next to impossible for us to talk about what is volume x fold-ins. So that 1.2% does include some impact from the tuck-ins.
David P. King: Yes, I don't mean to pooh-pooh the IMS data because I think directionally it's useful. But we were hearing numbers in July and August like 16% declines in physician offices. It's now, all of a sudden -- when they added September in, sequentially, it's improved quarter-over-quarter. So this is a very small data set. It's based on physician surveys. I would suggest that even things like doctors going on vacation can have a major impact -- who picks up the phone and answers their questions. I don't really have much to add, in terms of volume, to what I said in response to Adam's question, which is all of healthcare services is encountering volume softness. And until we see economic growth and job creation, I don't think we're going to see a lot of change there.
David P. King: Darren, it's Dave. I think pricing is -- continues to be relatively stable. So I don't expect that we're going to see significant price movement in renewals. As I say, I think the big concern is trend. And I would say trend and expensive testing are higher on the list for managed care than unit cost right now. So those are the things where plan renewals are focused. And we historically have been the lowest-cost provider. We're doing a lot of things to make sure we can continue to be the lowest-cost provider, but I don't see a downward price movement coming from these renewals.
David P. King: Well, I think all the managed care plans are struggling and employers too, by the way, because employers who self-insure are struggling as well with how to manage the potential growth of expensive lab testing. I think a lot of things are being tried. There certainly have been some attempts at pre-authorization, and that's not new. I mean, they had across-the-board policy on pre-authorization of genetic tests probably 4 years ago that they implemented. It didn't work out very well, and they ultimately withdrew it. So I think this is a trend that we're going to see, and it's going to go through pilots. There'll be fits and starts in terms of how it works, but ultimately, there's a real focus on making sure that testing that's being ordered, particularly expensive testing, is the right test for the right patient at the right time. And I don't think there's anything that we should be concerned about that in that respect.
David P. King: Well, I think, as we said in the announcement, there are some performance-based incentives. And so it would be reasonable to hypothesize the reduction of leakage as one of the things that could allow us to realize those performance-based incentives. Otherwise, structurally within that contract, I don't think there's anything that's particularly different from what we've historically had.
David P. King: I do not think that it's going to be terribly impactful. I think the controversy over PSA testing has been going on since time immemorial and will continue. And I'd don't think the U.S. Preventive Task Force recommendations are going to change a lot of physician or patient behavior. On HPV, going back to 2003, the U.S. Preventive Task Force has never endorsed HPV, which is a bit mystifying to me because there are studies upon studies upon studies that demonstrate the value of HPV, particularly in conjunction with the Pap, for diagnosis of cervical cancer. But if you look at ASCCP and ACOG, they strongly support HPV co-testing with Pap. And there are 11 governing bodies that have positive recommendations for HPV testing with the U.S. Preventive Task Force as the one that stands outside. So I don't think we'll see a significant impact on volumes as a result of the U.S. Preventive Task Force recommendations on either of those tests.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think overall, share is pretty stable. I think -- gosh, we've been talking about, for many quarters, our focus on some key markets: endocrinology, rheumatology. And I think we've had strong performance there. Obviously, the launch of our single-swab women's health test is going to help us in terms of retaining and growing share in that market. So I don't think there's anything in particular that jumps out in share gain or share loss.
David P. King: I think the volumes are stabilizing for us. I think again, we actually were slightly up in the third quarter year-over-year. There is still in-sourcing going on there. It hasn't abated. But I would say the very large practices completed their in-sourcing some time ago, and so probably the biggest volume impact is behind us.
David P. King: That's true, Gary. Historically, we've said it's 0 to 50 basis points of unit price, and the rest is mix driven.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. I think you've identified a couple of big drivers. One was our desire for continued certainty in the relationship, and two was their desire to get 2 more years of visibility into what their spend would be, at least with us. Over the years with United, we've talked about a number of potential opportunities, including expansion of lab networks and redirection of leakage and some other things. And yes, I think there was a general view on both sides that this was an opportunity to give ourselves a couple of more years and be able to sort of put the focus on those strategic initiatives and make some investments. And with 2 more years, you're really looking at a 7-plus year time window to see those investments realized. So I think it was a combination of all those factors.
David P. King: I think Humana is up at the end of 2012, so that we're already obviously in discussions about the renewal terms of that contract.
David P. King: No. We cannot discuss what we've seen so far in October. I think it has been widely hypothesized, and there's been some support in the numbers over the last couple of years that there have been pickups in fourth quarter utilization. And the hypothesis has been that that's driven by high-deductible plans. I don't know, given this economic environment and the general utilization trend that we're seeing in healthcare services broadly, whether we'll see that again this quarter or not.
David P. King: Well, as you said, we haven't provided 2012 guidance and we'll do that on our fourth quarter call in February. We have said that given the guidance on Genzyme being $0.16 to $0.26 dilutive this year and being neutral to slightly accretive next year that we should expect a positive swing there. I'm not quite sure how you get to $0.40, because I don't think Westcliff was that dilutive. And remember, we closed in May, so we were allowed to integrate starting in May, so we only have 5 months of dilution next year. We should -- Westcliff should be profitable next year, and so there should be a positive swing there. But I'm not subscribing entirely to the number that you put out.
David P. King: Well, I think everybody will move toward the idea of performance-based incentives. I think that's the nature of what everybody is seeing, whether it's pay-for-performance, pay-for-quality, pay for lack of hospital readmissions. I mean, so I think performance-based incentives will probably be a component of all managed care contracts. The performance metrics will undoubtedly be different for each one. But I think we'll see that going forward. And with United, without talking about specific details of the contract, obviously, the biggest performance-based incentives are reducing overall spend. So that would mean leakage reduction. It would mean more volume in the network. I mean, those are the things that obviously would allow us to realize the performance-based initiatives.
David P. King: I think it's very early to know or to hypothesize. I mean, right now, I think the general reception to the ACO guidelines has been rather chilly from providers because of: one, the complexity; and two, the perception that providers are being asked to assume a lot more risk than the government. I think in the long run, as I said last evening, labs deliver, for the dollar, absolutely the highest value in the healthcare system. Labs deliver, for 2% to 3% of the spend and for 1.6% of the Medicare spend, information that drives 70% to 80% of healthcare decisions. So they're not going to be a healthcare system, whether it's an ACO, whether it's a bundled payment, whether it's -- any system is going to be -- labs will be the linchpin of that system. And I think the industry generally, while we may see changes in the way that the payments are allocated and while we may see changes in the way that labs participate in these types of networks, we're absolutely the most essential piece of healthcare services. And I think LabCorp in general -- LabCorp in particular, and the industry in general are very well positioned to respond.
David P. King: Yes, I think the new entrants into the market is not surprising to me. And again, as I have talked about, I mean, I think a lot of these are companies looking for new channels, whether it's a channel to get in front of oncologists to sell drugs or a channel to get in front of pathologist to sell digital pathology or a channel to sell nutraceuticals. I mean, these are the kinds of acquisitions that are being made. And I don't see these companies having a desire to get into a big lab services operation. I see them looking at businesses that will give them a channel into places that they want to be, and in particular, physicians who they want to be in front. I think in terms of benefit management, we'd be naive if we didn't think that there's going to be some sort of benefit management over time, as I said yesterday and talked about. And I feel very strongly about this. To me, the fundamental here is decision support and helping physicians choose the right test for the right patient at the right time. So I don't think of it as we're going to -- the industry is going to be in a position where health plans are going to be saying no to tests that patients should have. I look at it as a position where health plans and payers are generally are going to be saying, "Show me the objective facts that justify a patient getting a particular test," particularly for expensive tests. I mean, obviously, there's a lot more concern about genetic testing and molecular testing that there is about CBCs and cholesterol testing, but show me the objective facts that demonstrate that, that patient should get the test and then show me how that's going to be integrated into the care the physician is delivering. And I don't think there's anything that should be a great concern to responsible lab industry participants in that kind of thinking.
David P. King: Well, Dr. Burgess introduced a bill in the House -- introduced a series of bills on FDA modernization, one of which deals with lab developed tests. And LabCorp and the American Clinical Laboratories Association are strongly supportive of that approach, which we think is a reasonable and appropriate and prudent approach to regulation of lab developed testing. In the meantime, we continue to be engaged in discussions with FDA and other stakeholders about how lab developed testing will be regulated, but we remain concerned that the approach that FDA has tentatively talked about and has discussed in some guidance is a, really a wrong-headed approach and will actually lead to stifling innovation, lack of development in clinical testing and ultimately detrimental to patient care. So we support the Burgess legislation and will continue to hope and do our best to advance that through the House and the Senate.
David P. King: I would characterize it as the guidance is intended to encompass a broad range of outcomes. And it would be counterproductive to break down every individual component of the guidance. So I don't think -- if we left the guidance at 617, people would say, "You guys are not being realistic." And that would be true. What we've done is try to make the guidance realistic, given where we are and what we seen the quarter ahead.
David P. King: Dane, it's Dave. I think, as Brad said in response to Amanda's question, that the updated 2011 guidance includes everything.
David P. King: No, it does not. It assumes that the share repurchase that we've done year-to-date is done, and it assumes that we will likely repurchase some shares, but it does not assume that we'll repurchase $250 million worth of shares in the quarter. Again, we've -- our year-to-date, you can look at our year-to-date repurchase and see what the trend is, and it would not contemplate $250 million of repurchase in one quarter.
David P. King: There's always the ability to use the balance sheet and use our ability to take on leverage to do a variety of things, including acquisitions and share repurchase.
David P. King: What we've said is that pricing over the life of the contract remains stable, and that we're very pleased where we've come out, from a pricing perspective. And that's all we're going to say about pricing.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, I think the women's health business and particularly the OB/GYN market have continued to be positive for us. Obviously, Genzyme is helping in reproductive testing, and it's helping with us getting into -- with LabCorp getting into accounts that Genzyme had served and with Genzyme getting into accounts that LabCorp had served. I think the introduction of the single-swab test will give us a boost in being on a level playing field with some of the things that competitors have introduced. So I think it's a good market for us, and it's going to continue to grow.
David P. King: Ricky, it's Dave. There's no pricing impact from United and the only pricing impact from Genzyme is, again, remember you're annualizing at the end of November, so you're going to have one month in which you're not seeing the year-over-year price lift.
David P. King: Yes. I think as we said previously, the in-sourcing is continuing. The big -- the in-sourcing of -- in the big practices has largely been completed. So volume year-over-year was a little -- was up sequentially. It was a little better. But in-sourcing has not abated, and it's going to continue, in our view, until there's a regulatory resolution.
David P. King: I've not heard that said, and I'm not going to comment on what Quest is doing in terms of running their business. I would say that we have stated for several years that we continue to invest in the business to improve the physician and patient experience. Some of that improvement is by automating and doing things that do reduce costs. But we continue to provide a high level of service and a high-quality service to physicians and patients. And we're going to keep doing that, and we're going to keep investing to make sure that we do that.
David P. King: Well, we continue to see good growth in HPV, vitamin D, some other -- testosterone, some other tests that have been strong growers, but we're not going to provide specific percentages or comparisons.
David P. King: I think reproductive genetics in general has been a positive. I think that we've seen -- we continue to see good growth in SMA testing. But again, across-the-board, Genzyme has provided strength in reproductive testing. We've seen nice growth in infectious disease with the IL28B and the hepatitis C test that we brought out. We've already seen good adoption, even though we released them in August, of the companion diagnostics that we talked about earlier on the call. So we're seeing nice pockets of growth across-the-board in the esoteric portfolio.
David P. King: The integration is not largely complete. The integration is ongoing. There are still some significant activities that are going to continue. And that's why we have said that it'll be 2013, sometime during the year 2013 or exiting 2013, that we see the full completion of the Genzyme Genetics integration.
David P. King: No, there's not exclusivity. Obviously, our view has been for some time that getting to market first is very important because of physician adoption and creation of physician loyalty. So while these are not exclusive tests, we are the first national lab to offer them and -- among the first 2 or 3 labs to offer them. The others are much smaller, niche labs, if you will. So we're very pleased with the position that we're in there.
David P. King: I think it's a combination of a variety of things. I think there's -- we market, the drug companies market. There's co-marketing. There's outreach through physician education, through influential physician groups and thought leaders. So there's a whole variety of ways in which those tests are introduced to the market.
David P. King: I think companion diagnostics are going to continue to be -- we're going to continue to see an increasing number of them. I think they're going to, over time, be significant contributors to esoteric growth. It's not going to be next quarter. It's not going to be next year. But as we move toward new technologies in testing, as we learn more about the genetics of disease, companion diagnostics absolutely it will be a strong contributor to our growth and, I think, the growth of the industry in general.
David P. King: Bill, no. It is an apples-to-apples trend. It's the exact same comparison. So if we said that last quarter, then that was erroneous, because this is the same comparison quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year.
David P. King: Thank you very much for joining us this morning on our third quarter earnings call, and we hope you have a good day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I'll discuss 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity.  First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Excluding the Hunter Labs settlement of $49.5 million, free cash flow for the first 9 months of the year was $510.9 million. Cash flow has been negatively impacted by approximately $28 million due to delays in the Genzyme Genetics enrollment process and billing conversion, which we expected and have previously discussed. We expect that these delays will be resolved in the fourth quarter and are reiterating our 2011 operating cash flow guidance of $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO increased 2 days year-over-year to 46 days at the end of September due to the Genzyme Genetics acquisition and was unchanged sequentially. As a result of continued success in our billing and collection activities, we reduced our bad debt rate to 4.5% during the quarter.  Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 10% year-over-year in the third quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 7% of this growth. During the quarter, we achieved strong growth in revenue per requisition, which increased 7.8% year-over-year. The growth in revenue per requisition is attributable to acquisitions, rate increases, test mix shift and increases in test per requisition. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 6% of the growth in revenue per requisition. Total company volume increased 2.1% year-over-year during the third quarter. Genzyme Genetics accounted for approximately 0.9% of this volume growth. Esoteric volume increased approximately 7% in the quarter.  Third, margin. For the third quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 18.8% compared to 19.6% in the third quarter of 2010. Year-over-year margin decline was due entirely to recent acquisitions that we have not fully integrated. Excluding these acquisitions, margins would have increased year-over-year. Margins will improve as we continue to integrate these businesses.  Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of September, we had cash at $85.8 million and approximately $463 million available under our revolving line of credit. At the end of September, total debt was $2 billion, and there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. During the third quarter, we repurchased $152 million of stock, representing 1.8 million shares. At the end of September, $256.5 million of repurchase authorization remained under our previously approved share repurchase program.  This morning, we updated our 2011 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 10.5% to 11%; adjusted EPS excluding amortization in the range of $6.28 to $6.33; operating cash flow of approximately $900 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement; and capital expenditures of $150 million. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: I think we were down 80 basis points in the third quarter year-over-year and 190 in the second quarter year-over-year.
William B. Hayes: And be sure to look at the adjusted numbers because we obviously have, in our adjusted numbers, backing out restructuring and onetime things that we call out to you. So I'm using the numbers that -- on the adjusted operating income side that we talked about.
William B. Hayes: Not at all. And I think it's off quite a bit over the last year third quarter. Since we implemented -- and the rest of the world should look the same -- FIN 48 several years ago, we have a tax rate that typically is lower in the third and fourth quarter than the first and second due to the reversal, based on statutes, of our uncertain tax positions.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Ralph, a couple of factors that come to mind there. You obviously know about Genzyme Genetics, as well as Westcliff, and those are going as expected. We also closed in June an acquisition of a clinical trials organization called Clearstone. So we have a new acquisition that's in the third quarter that is not fully integrated, so that is causing a drag and you're seeing some of that in the cost of sales line as well. One other thing that comes to mind when I look back at historical relationships between Q2 and Q3 is 2 years ago, the company moved from a anniversary date for each employee for merit increases to a common review date, and that occurs early in the third quarter. It doesn't change the overall yearly numbers and our expectations, but on a sequential view of margin experience, Q2 to 3, it's obviously a factor.
William B. Hayes: Yes, Ralph, it's Brad. One thing that comes into mind as we look at our moving parts in that calculation is the growth of our drugs of abuse testing business has a natural pressure point on that price as well. And then -- and we've talked about this on several calls, one of our largest growers in the esoteric category has been vitamin D. And that test, while it's still growing, is not at the rate of growth that it has been since its inception, because it's basically the law of large numbers and it just gets bigger and the percentage goes down and impact on price on a year-over-year basis is not what it once was. But those are 2 of the moving parts that we look at when we're looking at that metric.
William B. Hayes: Amanda, it's Brad. I think it's basically the realization that there's 1 quarter left. It's the tightening of the range given 1 quarter, and it includes everything in our experience: our operations; the volume and price growth that we've talked about; the margins; and share repurchase, obviously.
William B. Hayes: Gary, this is Brad. I think by the time those are all fully baked in, we'll sort of have a year-over-year anniversary of Genzyme. So I think it wouldn't be right to talk about it in terms of that particular number.
William B. Hayes: I mean, obviously, I think the MCO impact will have an impact on our year-over-year pricing growth, but again, not something that we haven't anticipated and wouldn't be baked into our thinking for any future period.
William B. Hayes: Well, I have to go back and do the math on the $4.77 because we've certainly got, in our tables to the press release and all our other numbers, $4.80. So I feel pretty good about that number without going back and looking at the previous reports. So if you do the delta between the top end of the range and that $4.80, I mean, you'd get a $1.53 fourth quarter to go to the bottom end of the range of $1.48 fourth quarter. And as we look at the expectations for the fourth quarter, we're comfortable across the entirety of that range. So it all makes sense to us. And again, I'll go back and double check your $4.77 versus $4.80, but I'm fairly confident in the $4.80.
William B. Hayes: Yes. I think we were ahead for the first half of the year. That's definitely one thing that's going on. And again, as we forecast the fourth quarter, those are the results that we see. And the closer you get to the end of the year, the narrower the range has to be, so it's forcing the numbers to be what they are.
William B. Hayes: Ricky, this is Brad. And you've got the numbers all correct. I mean, we will have only 2 months of incremental Genzyme, so that is a component. And then one other thing, I think, is a driver there, as we think back to something that Dave went over earlier, were the organic growth rates of the last 4 quarters. Q4 last year was 3. So I think it's a tough comp, and the annualization of Genzyme is what we see in that analysis.
William B. Hayes: You misheard that. Maybe, if I'm to the right place on the call, it was the impact of drugs of abuse testing on our revenue per requisition growth.
