Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Robert this is Glenn it's effectively a reclassification, what we had assumed at the time we announced our deal and provided the guidance as you know was kind of the day after closing was we had to assume how much was going to be the purchase price and cash for the value of the business and then the subsequent events of one-time deal-related advisory CIC and so forth. 30 million that we assumed would be part of the purchase price based upon the accounting would now be treated as cash from operating activities so effectively what we've done is we’ve increased or decreased cash from operating activities by about 30 million, decreased the purchase price cash that we paid for the acquisition so from a cash standpoint there is no change, so when you look at free cash flow though we obviously have to -- and you gave that 30 million but again effectively when you exclude the deal-related our free cash flow excluding one-time deal-related is the same as what we’ve provided as guidance when we established it back in February.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes I’d say for the most part all of the, I’ll call it deal-related charges were done in the first quarter, the only difference will be some additional CIC payments that would be paid out as people would potentially exit the company if they were part of the synergies. The other restructuring if you will, will continue to be as we execute and implement our Project LaunchPad, primarily there is some advisory fees in that but that will start to go away and then it really will be just the cost associated with executing on those programs so whether it would be facility rationalization, headcount reduction and so forth there will be some additional one-time charges as we’ve told you before what we've also done is when we provide savings from effectively whether it's Covance synergies or LaunchPad savings we do it on a net basis relative to ongoing cost that would be needed to support those savings, so for example if we implement a new systems to support a LaunchPad initiative the ongoing depreciation or additional cost would be netted out of those savings.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes the only thing I’d add Lisa too and ask Joe if he wants to add color to it as that Covance is expected to see continued improvement as it progresses sequentially throughout the year again the only caveat obviously would be the potential impact of currency where we’re assuming that that's flat and not only do we expect to see improved revenue growth sequentially throughout the year in the business, by what the benefit of the synergy capture that we expect we should be able to leverage those incremental sales very well.
Glenn Eisenberg: No I’d say by definition organic we've excluded all acquisition-related volume from that we have said and as I guess Dave alluded to earlier that the organic growth was 5.2% in the diagnostic side we did share with you that an acquisitions contributed an additional 0.8 from the volume that we would have done from those acquisitions but organic is excluding it.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes Glen, this Glenn Eisenberg, let me take a first cut and Dave and Joe may want to step in. But to your point during the quarter obviously margins came down but principally due to the impact of currency but also the mix of the business so the benefit was obviously we got some volume benefit as well as the synergy savings. As we project out in the business going forward we do have a more positive outlook, volume is going to continue to improve, hopefully the mix will start to improve and we know we're going to get the synergies to continue to grow so our expectation for the business will be again continued top-line growth as we go throughout the year subject to the currency impact obviously but especially leveraging those sales well.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is Glenn well let me really start and then Joe may want to provide color. As we've now moved to kind of the new segmentation of the company we are really providing the details if you as the segments. We’re glad to provide color as far as the direction that the businesses that comprise those segments, but we are not providing detailed numbers and growth rates and so forth.
Dave King: Lisa, it's Dave. Unfortunately I don't have the size of the opportunity I just got the information shortly before the call this morning, so let us reflect on that and then we can deal with it after the call.
Dave King: Gary. It's Dave. Generally as you know we don't breakout specific contributions to volume and revenue growth other than at a high level as we have with volume growth price impact and currency so I would say the answer to your question is no, it's possible but we’re not going to do it.
Dave King: No obviously one of the ways that we support trial recruitment is for patients who have a direct relationship with us we can reach out to them and for patients who we don't have a direct relationship with that is they haven’t signed up for the patient portal or given us an email address or other ways in which we can contact them directly then we go to the physician and we highlight to the physician the opportunity that they have patients who are trial-eligible and would they like to recruit the patients in the trial. Obviously given the acuity of these types of infections one would expect the physician response rate and the patient response rate to be fairly high.
Dave King: Bill, good morning it’s Dave I am going to make a couple of preliminary comments and then let Joe give you more detail, the first thing I want to highlight is, if you adjust for the impact of currency we are still guiding to 4.4% to 6.4% revenue growth, so that in my view is very strong growth guidance on a year-over-year constant currency basis. As we indicated in the prepared comments, the major impacts were strong growth and early development which mixes us down and reimbursement or price per kit in central labs which also mixes us down from a revenue growth perspective. But the orders and the book-to-bill are extremely impressive and so we feel terrific about the long-term revenue growth opportunity and as has been previously mentioned obviously the guidance implies that revenue growth increases later in the year. So with that, my perspective is we had a lot of currency headwind but the base business, the base Covance business is performing very well and with that I'll turn it over to Joe for further comments.
Dave King: Bill. It's our goal to expand BeaconLBS both to additional markets and to additional payors and that's -- we had a number of discussions with additional payors. Obviously we've been live for a relatively short period of time, we got to get some experience under our belt and we’ll look forward to updating you on progress and when those expansions will occur overtime.
Dave King: Yes, sure Glen. Obviously the 60 basis points is both a sequential improvement and a significant year-over-year improvement and basically the big driver of the 60 basis points and reported decline is just payor mix so we continue to see uninsured patients moving to exchange or manages Medicaid products and that has a downward impact on the revenue per requisition and so I think we're actually looping our way through that as I see a enrollment completes and stabilizes but that to me is kind of the primary reason and as I say we feel pretty good about it because unit price is not going down what we're seeing is mix-driven price impact.
Dave King: No Amanda that's correct. That on a fully dilutive weighted average shares count we expect to and our guidance is predicated on a assumption of 100 million shares for the full year.
Dave King: And Amanda, Dave just a quick exclamation point of that I mean I think Joe made a very important point which is you are going through an acquisition and integration of closing and you have another quarter of record orders and very strong book-to-bill, so I think the important thing to think about is yes it is we agree I agree it’s mostly legacy Covance, but we didn't have a distraction factor in either of the businesses and I am very pleased about that.
Dave King: Keep in mind that we report net orders so it’s net of cancellations. We normally don't comment on cancellations that's a not a part but I think I would say that they are the lowering of the historical range.
Dave King: Yes there is a positive correlation it’s usually a six to nine month lag between what you see in terms of funding and revenue coming into the CRO industry.
Dave King: Yes. Jack it’s Dave good morning. I think this is a it is a quite complex task and I think CMS is making a real good faith effort to listen to the constituencies and try to understand what they should be looking for. It's true that hospital submit cost reports but as you know the hospital, what we're looking at here is not DRG payments, it's not out patient prospective payments, it's just fee-for-service payments and so it's a subset of payments and it's a subset of payors because it’s non-government payors that the government is interested in looking at to determine market, so it's a pretty complicated task, you don't want to overburden either the hospitals or frankly the independent labs, I mean if you think about the number of acquisitions that we have done and the number of tax ID numbers that we have, you don't want an independent lab to have to report their data with 55 different tax IDs, that would be enormously time consuming and complex, so I think CMS is making an effort to listen to the constituencies and deal with the complexity and come out with a rule and we don’t have any update on the timeline but we know they're working hard and we're trying to be constructive and supportive in that effort.
Dave King: I think it's broad-based, market doing better and segment doing better I wouldn't point to or highlight any specific test or group of tests. Obviously we continue to do nicely with women's health, that's been a strong point for us, we continue to do nicely with genetics, those are couple of good areas within esoteric.
Dave King: The challenge in determining what is ACA driven other than managed Medicaid where it's pretty obvious is that when a patient shows up with an insurance card we don't know if it's an exchange patient or if it's a standard commercial patient. We don't have any way of determining that so it's a little hard to say are we seeing pull through business from coverage expansion or are we not. Again I think we saw very strong organic volume growth which suggests to me that we're seeing the benefit of the business that we won last year and there are clearly some pull through coming from that business. In terms of what's factored in for the second half of the year actually the next three quarters of the year, we haven't finished the first half of the year, we're not factoring in any significant increase in enrolment for the balance of the year, we're simply factoring in the diagnostics business continuing to do a very nice job in the market in terms of selling and execution and that's what drives the top-line revenue growth guidance.
Dave King: Well, Ricky it's Dave, you know one of the reasons that we liked Covance as an acquisition opportunity is the complete platform and the broad scope of services, so I mentioned in the prepared remarks how the bio-analytical business was cross-selling into toxicology, was cross-selling into chemistry. So right now we like the way all the businesses fit together and we're enthusiastic about the opportunity to grow, early development obviously had as Joe mentioned had some challenges for a couple of years but right now the business is growing strongly, it's an integral part of the complete one stop platform that we built and so we're excited about it.
Dave King: A.J., it's Dave, we continue to work hard at that. I wouldn't expect any significant impact in the run rate either of the -- where MoPath is not being paid for or of collections, we have collected based on appeals and payor policy changes, we have collected some against the outstanding receivables but the run rate's about the same. Obviously we're looking now at accounts and opportunities to where we know that there is an account where there is a large amount of MoPath business that we’re not getting paid for it opportunities to manage better with that and Jay if you have any further comments on that you can.
Dave King: I think the FDA comment period closed I think there were a very large number of comments so it's really going to be determined by the FDA in terms of when they respond to the comments and obviously there is some legislative activity going on as well and we’re doing our best to be engaged in the all of the conversations.
Dave King: It's Dave I'll start with next-gen and then Jay will talk about the BRCA and NIPT the next-gen sequencing codes I want to be clear that next-gen sequencing is a methodology so it's not like we're doing new testing or different testing it's simply there is a different methodology being used and so at this point the coding has not have an impact first of all it’s not a significant component of the business at this point, although it will grow but the coding has not had an impact on either revenue or collections and I will turn it over to Jay in terms of the BRCA and the NIPT.
Dave King: And it's Dave on NIPT obviously we are -- we have transitioned to offering our own test in pharmacy and I'm pleased with the volume and revenue there and continue to see it as I mentioned as a growth opportunity around women's health.
Dave King: So, we're right at the top of the hour we have a couple of more people in the queue I'll ask you to keep the questions short please so we can get everybody in and also not ask questions that have been previously responded to.
Dave King: Yes. We don't break down the backlog by type of trial companion diagnostics as you know particularly oncology about 40% of the trials involve some kind of an associated biomarker in companion diagnostic and so it's a very nice long-term opportunity for us as I think we mentioned early on there were 16 companion diagnostics 10 years ago and now there is 116 and that number grows every year. We have a work team that is specifically focused on capitalizing other companion diagnostics opportunity and integrating all of our services to be the desired partner in companion diagnostics and we’re very pleased with the progress there.
Dave King: Yes. I agree with Joe's comments I think that as he said automating this process and making it simple from our perspective and from the client's perspective will only lead to greater opportunity in the long run but as you mentioned Bryan the idea of being able to provide a heat map with potential patients for a condition as acute as this one, I think is a real competitive differentiator and just shows you what the long-term opportunity is here in terms of our first dated priority which is to improve the speed of trial recruitment and reduce the cost of trials.
Dave King: Once again we'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter conference call. Very pleased with the quarter and with the performance, both from the Diagnostics and the Drug Development business and we look forward to updating you on our performance in the future. Have a great day.
Joe Herring: Yes. This is Joe. I'd like to just add how unique this asset is in the combined company. Keep in mind that Covance is directly connected to 50% of all clinical trial patients in the world and when you add that to longitudinal database of 75 million of LabCorp when you can query both of those extensive databases and use informatics capabilities and data display to show the sponsors where the patients are and then following the appropriate HIPAA guidelines to be able to either contact them directly or through a physician is really an unmatched asset on this planet. And we have a couple of wins in a very short amount of time and we are highly motivated to automate that capability and use it as a real competitive advantage and ultimately that means sponsors get their drugs to market faster which benefits them and ultimately patients get new life saving medications like the one Dave mentioned that attacks, among other infections most of which is very resistant to current therapy, so it's really a win for everybody.
Joe Herring: Yes first of all for the second consecutive quarter Covance reported record new orders. If you followed us historically we had 12 consecutive quarters where net orders started with a seven and we’ve pushed through 800 million in the fourth quarter and then 855 million in the first quarter and that is right in the middle of announcing the combination of our companies and trying to keep people on-track and keeping them focused so to have record order quarters is pretty impressive. In fact they were so impressive we did an independent market research project where it was blinded and clients said they were actually more inclined to include Covance in the bid list and to consider Covance as combined with LabCorp than even Covance on its own. When you think about the 855 million in net orders that is overwhelmingly and both central labs and clinical that’s where our orders come and those don’t start producing revenue generally for six to nine, and more like nine to 12 months so there is a little bit of a delayed reaction. In terms of the revenue softness being softer than what we expected, it is overwhelmingly related to central labs and it's personally frustrating for me and the whole Covance team because record orders in the first quarter we had record kits going out the door and so the engine is stoked but for the vagaries of central lab not as many kits have come in so far and the ones that have come in either have revenue per test or geographic or therapeutic mix which is less than what we were expecting. Keep in mind that for the past 10 years whether you look at a three or five or a 10 year CAGR Covance, central lab grows 10% and that’s what we’ve projected for the year and last year it was much higher than that and this year so far it’s much lower but we are projecting much stronger kits in the second half of the year and that’s what you see in our revenue guidance. Secondary to that was slower than expected conversion of clinical studies, and again that happens from time-to-time but clinical also had greater orders and then that marries off against really strong performances in early development, our market access business and early clinical, so that thrown in the blender with the FX headwind and that’s where we are but again we are optimistic looking forward.
Joe Herring: Well, first of all, all of our relationships with clients as well as specific study data is contractually confidential and if you look at the history of our company, and frankly our competitors you know we really only make specific comments along those lines when the customer wants to publish the data and it would not surprise me, if these first two studies if they perform as we thought, clients may want to say something about that, they could, I think they're very excited about being able to actually see where the patients are which makes them much more confident that a CRO can enroll the trial on-time or faster. But again it's the clients’ decision on that, not ours.
Joe Herring: Well a fundamental sort of canary in the coal mine is biotech funding and you know it's been at a very-very high level and those clients basically help build the capacity for Covance and our major competitors. Secondly, a number of pharma companies are as you well know starting to have better productivity from their pipeline and they're more enthusiastic about investing in R&D and knowing that they're going to get a return on their R&D investments, so some of those are coming back to for. That didn't really happen in the first quarter but the new wins and the forward outlook anticipates pharma at sort of getting back to work I guess I would say. But the strength of the early development business in the industry in total is very encouraging after the last four or five years of less than expected performance.
Joe Herring: I’ll say it’s overwhelmingly legacy Covance at this time, but again high client interest in talking with us and exploring the assets of the combined company.
Joe Herring: Yes I think generally what you say is that early development was higher than that company average of 2.2, clinical Phase 1 to four was sort of in that average and central labs was basically flat, so ballparkish on a constant currency basis.
Joe Herring: Well. It’s hard to say what is going to happen in the back half of the year all I can say is that we try to target places where this data would make the biggest impact on the client and so far we’re very excited about what's going on. We have a lot of work ahead of us in terms of making the process easier and more efficient and having the right display tools and that type of thing, so I would just say we will continue to talk about this in coming quarters but we’re pleased with the start actually faster than what we would have projected.
