David P. King: Thank you, Glenn. I want to announce that after five years of leading LabCorp Investor Relations, Steve Anderson, will transition after this call to an operational role in our Food Safety business, one of the areas where we see great opportunity. Steve has been a terrific IR leader and has worked tirelessly to meet the needs of our analysts and shareholders. I will miss him greatly in this role, but I know he is moving into an area for which he has great and enduring passion. Paul Surdez, who has led Covance’s Investor Relations program since 2002, will serve as Vice President of Investor Relations for LabCorp. I greatly look forward to working with Paul, who is already recognized as one of the top IR leaders in healthcare services. Now, we’re ready to take questions.
David P. King: Yes. Bob, good morning. From a CapEx perspective, the focus of the LaunchPad initiatives will largely be around improving our systems and operations through technological investments. So although I wouldn't expect to see extraordinary CapEx investments, I would expect to see transitioning some of our ongoing infrastructure CapEx into a more streamlined and efficient processes and systems over time. And some of that will also be reflected as I mentioned in labor efficiency. I’d like Glenn to take the working capital part of the question.
David P. King: And Bob, it’s Dave. I would just also say over time, what we like to see is the investments that we make in systems now allowing us to reduce CapEx in the out years. So I do expect some positive benefit to the overall level of CapEx as a result of LaunchPad.
David P. King: Well, Lisa, good morning and thanks for the nice comments about Steve and obviously I know many analysts and shareholders have enjoyed working with him. I have enjoyed working with him and the team as well. He is not disappearing, he is just going over to Food Safety and we’re thrilled to have Paul to step in. And I think you will really enjoy working with Paul. So with that said, what we anticipate for 2015 is built into the guidance and as you know we don't break the guidance out into specific parts and pieces. I would expect this to be as Joe said, we are one for one. We are going to have to prove the case that not only can we marshal the data, but then it actually increases the speed of recruiting -- of patient recruitment. So I would expect this to start relatively slowly and then if we are right, we would expect it to build in 2016 and 2017 and come out at 2018 as we’ve identified $300 million as the target for all three of the initiatives combined. But I think that that the opportunity there is real and if we prove the case it’s significant.
David P. King: I would say Lisa in terms of year-over-year reimbursement, what we are assuming in the guidance is that MoPath remains about the same that we have some incremental opportunity with BRCA particularly. I think everybody knows that the uncertainty now is around reimbursement for the clinical toxicology, so the Palmetto limited coverage decision which has been delayed until April, but it's still I would -- I think it's fair to say being vigorously debated between the lab industry and the payer community and then how that will ripple through with managed care combined with the impact of new toxicology codes, many of which still have not been loaded into payer system. So generally the reimbursement environment looks better than it has in the last couple of years, but as always we are in a rapidly changing regulatory and reimbursement environment and we need to take that into account and how we think about the business.
David P. King: Yes, the guidance contemplates a wide range of outcomes and we have attempted to incorporate these various potential outcomes into the range that we’ve given.
David P. King: Gary, its Dave, just -- I think the only thing I would add to that is, we’re very focused on margin improvement. And LaunchPad is a significant opportunity for us to improve margins over time. The thing that obviously we cannot predict is going back to Lisa’s question, what's the reimbursement environment two years out, three years out? And so all of the things being equal, yes, I would expect LaunchPad to translate to margin improvement, but we can't guide to where we are going to be based on factors that we don’t know about yet.
David P. King: I’m going to differ that to legal consideration. I believe that yes, we can because I believe it fits within the hip a [ph] exception for health care treatment. But obviously before we would do that, and by the way, this has been done in situations in the past before we would do that, we would make sure that we had legal approval to actually provide the patient names.
David P. King: Yes, Michael, it’s Dave. I agree as I think we indicated a couple of places in our prepared remarks, we intend to deploy our capital towards pay down of debt and tuck-in acquisitions. So you’re exactly right.
David P. King: Yes, Garry, it’s Dave. I think the other thing to mention, and I just want to be clear, we’re not going to break down every bit and piece of the guidance because there are many, many moving pieces. We talked about currency earlier. But also remember that within the $6.80 this year we had $0.11 onetime gain from the share, the sale of some shares of a company that we owned. So, there are many, many things that are incorporate into the number that we turned in and the guidance that we produced. And I just -- I want to be cautious about trying to back out every piece of it and figure out what's up, what's down and what's not changing.
David P. King: Amanda, its Dave. The methodology was that we went through the three opportunities we looked at what we thought based on historical trends and how we size the opportunities was an appropriate breakdown. And then we said, we think number one is the largest. We think number two is in the middle, and we think number three is the smallest. And the numbers that approximately around that are 150, 150 and you add those together then they are 300. Obviously we wouldn’t have put the greater sign if we didn’t feel that there was upside to those 300. But we’ve given a number that we think is very realistic. We have given a breakdown of how we think those revenue opportunities would materialize, and where we think the greater opportunities are. And we did it all with financial analysis of past results of our company, and Covance and market size and market share and opportunities for gain. So, I don’t really know how to break it down in much more detail than that. But I hope that answers the question.
David P. King: I think it’s very early to comment on that. There are a lot of discussions going on with Medicare, with Palmetto specifically about Next-Gen Sequencing and appropriate reimbursement for Next-Gen Sequencing, and we’re very much engaged in those discussions as are, by the way a lot of other companies that have a significant interest in how Next-Gen Sequencing will be reimbursed. Next-Gen Sequencing provides revolutionary opportunities to deliver greater knowledge to physicians and patients and to improve patient care. And it would be a shame if we shortsightedly set reimbursement in such a way that we discourage patients and physicians from using the best tools available to deliver optimal outcomes.
David P. King: Back in my legal days I would have objected to that as a three part question, one question, but I’ll answer it. Good morning, Nicholas. How you’re doing? It’s Dave. Okay, Palma still very much engaged with CMS on how the surveys will be done. I think we’ve made some constructive progress with them on thinking about how the surveys will be done. The inclusion of hospitals in the survey data don’t have any update on the timing of when we might expect that to come out. I think to their credit, CMS is recognized the complexity of the task, and is working very hard to try to device a fair process. Lab Developed Tests, we continue to have the same view that we previously articulated that we do not believe that FDA has legal authority to regulate LDTs as medical devices. We don’t believe they are medical devices. We think they are extremely important to the practice of medicine and to meeting patient needs, and we think that what FDA has proposed would be contrary not only to the public interest in the language of the statute, but also to sound public policy. FDA has had a listening meeting. I think there were a wide variety of views expressed about the LDT guidance. And I think it continues to be an area of high interest and high focus for the clinical lab industry. And it continues to be something that we at LabCorp feel very, very strongly about. So, those are the two major regulatory issues that I think we have on the table in front of us, and I hope that responds efficiently to your question.
David P. King: And Whit, it’s Dave. Just to follow-up on that, I think you’re right that the stock comp expense is in area that we continue to look at. Obviously all of the stock comp is not going to go away, but there are likely to be some changes in stock comp issuance for this year. I just want to remind everybody that is a non-cash saving. So, it doesn’t translate into cash flow and it doesn’t translate into cash flow guidance. But it’s still a savings in terms of overall expense nonetheless.
David P. King: I think the utilization environment just based on the numbers that we saw sequentially in 2014 Ricky has improved, obviously very pleased with 5% plus top line volume growth in the fourth quarter. How do we think about price volume next year? I think we think about relatively similar volume numbers, maybe to be realistic we obviously had very strong year-over-year performance. So, while we don’t guide specifically to price and volume I would think a reasonable assumption is volume growth stays about where it is and pricing is relatively flat and maybe down a little bit just depending on the fact so we can identify which are core testing in the fourth quarter outpacing esoteric and movement from uninsured -- the uninsured patient bucket into insured or exchange bucket. So I don’t think next year would look a lot different from this year in summary although there maybe a little bit kind of up and down between volume and price.
David P. King: AJ, its Dave. Yes, weather in the first quarter -- obviously the first quarter from the LabCorp diagnostics perspective tends to be a lower quarter, the second and third quarters being stronger. But we don’t guide quarter-by-quarter, and so your best -- your best way you could gain insight into that is to look at prior years and see how the quarters have shaped up.
David P. King: And clearly the synergies are going to -- the synergies will accelerate as we go through the year. We are not going to have a ton on day one, but they will accelerate as we get into the later quarters.
David P. King: Well, nothing has slowdown in esoteric. Core testing outpaced esoteric is what we’ve said. So esoteric grew consistent with the overall growth of the business, core testing grew faster than the growth of the business and there are probably many thesis about why that happened, but we have people coming in through the exchanges, we have people coming in through Medicaid, we have patients who are previously been uninsured having coverage. The likelihood is that there are initial encounters with physicians and with being covered lives that they're going to run a hepatic panel or lipid profile, and things that we characterize as being in the core as opposed to being in esoteric. So that would be my best assessment of why the core grew faster, but again I don't want to leave the implication that the esoteric didn’t grow. The esoteric grew nicely, the core just outgrew it.
David P. King: The guidance incorporates a wide range of outcomes, and so you can assume that we have thought about that and incorporated into our thinking.
David P. King: Isaac, its Dave. 46% burdened by 330 basis points of negative currency, which if I add 3.3 to 4, I get 7.3 to 9.3. So it's exactly what we said at the time that we did the deal in terms of the growth perspective and we think that opportunity is there for the long-term.
David P. King: I think the impact Darren, from -- for ’14 was it helped volume and if I think back to what we said when we initially gave guidance, it helped volume by more than we thought it was going to. It was a drag on price, both because of the things that we mentioned, the core testing growing faster than the esoteric, the patients moving from uninsured into covered categories and [technical difficulty] exchanges and the growth which you saw in the first half of managed Medicaid. So net-net positive for volume, slightly negative for price. 2015 I saw the statistics that there has been some growth in enrollment and re-enrollment for health plans. I don't think there is anything that is going to be material in there. There are some states s that are talking about Medicaid expansion that hadn’t expanded Medicaid previously, that would likely be net positive to volume and negative to price for the reasons that we’ve spoken about. There is obviously some overhang with the Supreme Court taking up the King versus Burwell case that if that were decided adversely to the government position, there would be significant impact on patients receiving subsidies and we would hope that there would be a constructive political response to that as opposed to sort of chaos for people who had insurance one day and don't have at the next. But that at a high level it's probably how we think about the ACA for ’14 and ’15.
David P. King: And Bryan, it’s Dave. I think if I understood the question, it is -- it was are there other margin opportunities that are outside -- margin improvement opportunities that are outside the guidance mean the guidance contemplates the operation of the business similar to the way the business operated last year. We had significant growth in esoteric over and above the growth in core, obviously that’s a margin improvement opportunity. So that's why we give a range of guidance is that there are many things embedded in it that can move one way or another.
David P. King: And we don't agree that the core business is flat. I don't think that's an accurate characterization.
David P. King: I don’t spend a lot of time talking about market share. I think it's a hard thing to characterize. Our operational team has performed exceptionally well in terms of generating organic volume growth whether that's through contract wins, whether that's through sales, whether that's through service improvements, every day I get e-mails from customers, letters from customers about how LabCorp people go above and beyond to do the things that need to be done to serve the customers and for patient care. That’s we’re going to continue to focus on as part of what LaunchPad is about is, we do a great job today, but there are things that we can do better for the patients, for the physicians, for the payer, so look I think we’re doing a great job operationally. I'm very proud of what we've done operationally and we are going to continue to execute on the operational opportunities that are ahead of us.
David P. King: Thank you. In closing, I'd like to say, we appreciate your time and your questions this morning and your interest. And just would sum up by saying, as we’ve said many times, the healthcare system is demanding better outcomes at lower costs and we’re now the world’s leading healthcare diagnostics company and we have unmatched capabilities to serve every stakeholder in the healthcare system. We have a unique and complete set of tool to deliver what the system needs. It’s an exciting time for LabCorp and we look forward to updating you on our progress as we carryout our key 2015 priorities. Thank you and good day.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure. To your point, working capital has been, call it a use of cash for us, but primarily due to the strong growth that we have experienced in the Company. When you reference kind of our receivables on the absolute level, we actually feel we’ve been managing it quite well. It stayed at roughly 49 days overall. Having said that, a big part of LaunchPad initiative is our working capital improvement, inclusive of a bad debt, but effectively we're looking at really a redesign. So we are going to step back and look at what processes can we put in place that would be preferred, and then as Dave said the put systems to enable that to happen is opposed to just kind of a marginal improvement in that. So from our perspective, we expect to see improved working capital management. We expect to see also a reduction in our bad debt expense, in particularly, our bad debt rate, which we saw some favorable movement already, but we expect to see much greater improvement as we go through the rest of 2015.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Well again, we wouldn’t necessarily do it as part of those programs, its part of -- it’s embedded in the overall result or the guidance that we’ve given. So when you look at our cash flow number for 2015, when you take the midpoint of the guidance, we’re looking at as a combined company of around $750 million and we talked about the fact that, that’s already been burdened by around $90 million of one-time costs. So you can see the strong improvement in our free cash flow is in part due to the synergies of the acquisition, in part due to the improvement in working capital because of LaunchPad and because of the improved reduction in bad debt expense relating to that LaunchPad initiative as well. So that’s all encompassed in that number.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Obviously, reflected in the guidance that we have as well. The biggest hit -- currency headwinds, if you will, obviously with Covance having over half of their business overseas, that's where we see it. And so, when we provided the guidance range of Covance kind of year-over-year as if we would have them for both years, you can see it was around 3.3 points. So that would get you to call it in the mid $70 million, if you will, of headwind on sales. Historically, Covance is leveraged at around -- call it around a 20% degradational to their mark -- to their earnings. So again, as part of LabCorp, that translates to around call it 1.5% of headwind on the top line and again if you use that roughly 20% margin degradation, you would probably get a good proxy for the earnings impact, which again is reflected in the guidance that we provided.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Well, this is Glenn, let me take it first, and Dave may want to chime in as well. When we talk about the initiative, we talk about it on a net savings basis. And while we say that they’re onetime costs, if you back that out we’ve looked at the initiative, we’ve looked at what it would take to effectively take that kind of cost out of the company net of the cost that we need to support it. So, if you looked at it in isolation obviously that’s a benefit that will occlude to the company. So, as we go forward though our goal is to continue to drive our top line, to continue to manage the business to drive operating improvement as we go forward and LaunchPad is clearly one of the initiatives that we have that will help to drive that income and margin improvement.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, Gary, this is Glenn; let me at least start off to your point. When you back out the mid points of the accretion that we expect to get from Covance you kind of get to that 7.15’ish number for what would have been our base business compared to $6.80. So kind of growing at around 5% kind of consistent with what we said kind of the top line growth. So from our perspective as we go into ’15 with our base business, we are looking at good top line growth organically. We are looking at an improvement in operating income. We are looking at an improvement in our operating margins. And again to your point we’re driving that 15% or a 5% EPS growth which again is faster growth than just the top line without any capital redeployment. So the significant amount of free cash flow that we have that would normally have gone into our share repurchases obviously have gone into the acquisition of Covance, that’s adding that call it 35% to 40% of accretion. So from our perspective LaunchPad is an integral part just of the ongoing continuous improvement initiative of our business, but it should be viewed as part of our base business and we think actually the improvement in our profitability as well as the improvement in our cash flow in ’15 on the base business is quite strong.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Gary, this is Glenn. We actually did break it out. We had talked about in excess of $100 million of synergy savings over the three-year period, so consistent with what we’ve said when we announced the transaction. When we have added further is that we expect that the 2015 piece of it would generate around $35 million of net savings while incurring around onetime cost of around $20 million. And the main components again consistent with what we would have shared at the time of the announcement was a combination of synergies through the lab consolidation, through the taking out the redundant public company cost as well as leveraging the purchasing power of the combined company.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sorry, Whit this is Glenn. And I think the key point that you said this year, we’re looking at synergy savings on the cost side of around in excess of a $100 as we go through the process and that doesn’t include any of the revenue synergies that Dave and Joe had already spoke to. When you look at the -- we gave the first year piece of it so, and frankly it will probably trend to be call it roughly around a third year as we get over that $100 million number. But in the current year, as you would imagine that the biggest piece of those cost savings will come from the redundant public company cost that we have, because we can take that out right away. We will get some benefit from leveraging of the purchasing power of our combined company as well as with the lab consolidation we’ll get some. But the later two, the purchasing, the lab consolidation are benefits that will obviously accrue and take a little bit longer to achieve over the nest couple of years. So, we view that overall the synergies of the combination are good on the cost side, the revenue side, let alone the expected growth in both of our businesses.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Sure, Glen. And again, I think we may have already addressed that in an earlier question. We did give you kind of the top line impact from the currency headwinds, and Covance has three principal areas of currency exposure. Obviously they are in 60 countries, but between the Euro zone, the Swiss and UK if you will it’s primarily where that exposure comes in. So we talked about it roughly call it 330 basis points of negative impact give or take that’s in the mid 70s if you will at the revenue line negatively impacting what we believe Covance will see in sales, is if the currency level stay at basically the current levels today and we’ve talked about that the impact on operating income at least historically for them would be plus or minus around GP a little bit lower than that. So we saw 20% is probably a good proxy where you would want to model that.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, this is Glenn, AJ. And I can almost a little bit echo Dave’s comment. If you look at both companies or the combined company we’re today inclusive -- if you'd expect to see a ramp up in the savings over time. So it's not going to be necessarily pro rata, but when you look at the totality of our revenue, when you look at the totality of our earnings, you're going to see the same pattern, if you will, which again is the strength more of a -- more or less in the second and third being stronger than the first and the fourth. But even so, it is again not material, but if you want to model that closely obviously you'd go lighter in the first and the fourth and a little heavier in the second and the third to follow historical patterns partially offset maybe by a ramp up in the cost coming in, but again that’s I’m going to drive the numbers that much from a magnitude standpoint.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, this is -- Bryan, Glenn. To make sure I understand your question, first of all, we will agree that the normal course of operations as we have continuous improvement, so we are always looking at leveraging and managing our cost structure. When we talk about LaunchPad, you have to think about it a little bit more than that. It's just not kind of the annual improvement to drive cost out and the leverage, but how can we reengineer processes and deploy systems to enable that to happen where you can't do that on the margin. So as we think about taking out around a $150 million plus of cost over the next three years, we have the impact of $50 million arguably would be greater than what would have been the normal reductions in our cost focus in a particular one-year period, so we’re getting the additional benefit of it. But part of what we’re doing is would be also considered the normal course than more structural changes in what we do obviously will accrue as we go to the out years. But we are looking at taking costs out, we are looking at improving our bad debt experience, collections getting paid for tests that we are performing, that we might not have been in the past, and then the more traditional thing such as outsourcing, labor efficiency, so it's all packed in there, but that’s why you see probably a greater impact in ’15 than in the normal ordinary course of just our continuous improvement.
Glenn A. Eisenberg: Yes, that actually -- again, as we think through the $50 million of savings in the first year, that’s correct. We are looking at the total program, some initiatives would have been done without calling it LaunchPad, but that is part of our what we are calling a LaunchPad is our -- call it improvement initiative. But the bigger part of it is that as you think through the three-year total, you start to see more of a structural changes, but it's all-inclusive.
Joe Herring: Well, I think Dave has done a pretty good job describing that. I was actually met with the CEO of this client during the JP Morgan conference and as Dave said, this is a highly specialized personalized medicine drug in non-small cell lung cancer and the CEO was very concerned about finding patients for the study. And we have talked about the historic sort of Covance approach to this and he seems pretty comfortable, but a competitor have an equally compelling sort of an offer. But when he understood the generic -- genetic marker he was looking for, we said let us see if we can look into the LabCorp database and give you an idea how to find the patients for this study and we’re looking for about little over a 100 patients, and he said this trial has to be recruited. He said we are going to make a decision next week and I’d be happy to hear what you say about the LabCorp data. I had our Chief Medical Officer with us, he worked with LabCorp and 12 hours later we assured the client and said there are over a 1,000 patients in the LabCorp database that fit the inclusion, exclusion and genetic marker for this study. And they call the next day and awarded a $45 million study. I would say there was less than -- roughly 50-50 percent chance we were going to win, and a week later to get it that next morning was pretty awesome. And we have about five other clients right now that we are working with on a similar basis. So I guess as of today we are one for one utilizing the combination of LabCorp data and Covance clinical talents.
Joe Herring: Yes, I would characterize it as overwhelmingly for Covance employees, its business as usual certainly in the short-term. But with very exciting strategic prospects, the LabCorp assets made Covance a stronger and more resourceful competitor which makes us a better company. So, if you think about our central lab, now all of a sudden we have more than a $100 million in revenue from LabCorp, and largely esoteric tests that make our business stronger. And the combination makes us the most resourceful, most capable companion diagnostics company in the health care industry. And our employees who want to improve patient care see that as a nice opportunity. For clinical, there is no overlap with LabCorp, so its business as usual, except now you have access to a longitudinal database of $70 million patients, and we already talked about that. In Covance market access, where our number one issue is how to keep post -- patients in post marketing studies on study to achieve the results. The 1,700 centers in the U.S. for LabCorp will make it much easier for those patients to complete their therapy and complete the study. For food service, this is going to be a disruptive offer and just incredibly exciting, and you’ll hear more about that in the future. And then in early development, we pick up a very nice bioanalytical business in terms of tandem, and make us a much stronger biomarker development company. So, there is not a lot of overlap, so this is not terribly disruptive. But where there is overlap, there is exciting strategic advantage. And I guess, what I would close with is just a comment about Dave. Dave, and I have traveled around the world with Covance, have been in front of 1000s of employees in multiple sites as well as small working groups. And I think I can represent the Covance employees saying that they love to see Dave’s passion around improving patient care and health care. They are excited to see how comfortable he is in a lab environment. And finally, I think his interpersonal approach has been very well received by Covance employees around the world. I personally held a town hall meeting yesterday in Princeton with about a 1000 employees, and I can tell you the atmosphere was electric.
Joe Herring: I was just going to say, the good news in this is as I walked away from this exciting win, I keep scratching my head thinking, what other organization on the planet can bring this resources? And it’s hard to come up with one, and I like our chances.
Joe Herring: I guess two words comes to mind, the first is intrigued. This is a combination that dirty people had thought of, and initially its where did this come from? But when they think about the combination they start asking us questions. Can you help us with adherence programs? Can you help us with companion diagnostics? It seems like you guys have very unique assets. So, I think intrigued, and I think the second point is comforted. Because what we can say is, there’s not a lot of overlap here. So you can have the same project manager. You are going to have the same study director. It’s going to be the same bill, its going to still say Covance. And so, there’s no disruption here. And if a competitor tries to show up and say, boy this is going to be really disruptive. We pre-trained our clients to say, what do mean disruptive? I have got the same study director, the same sales person, the same everything. And frankly they’ve got some pretty exciting new things to talk about. So, I like our chances.
Joe Herring: Yes, well I mean, Ricky keep in mind, we just closed yesterday, and we have to be careful -- have been very careful with things like gun jumping and getting ahead of ourselves. But as you know clinical trials from the time you went until it starts to ramp up to revenue is 6 to 9 to 12 to as much as 18 months. So, we will be talking about this in the future and giving you an idea of how we’re doing. But right now it’s largely manual again. So it will only get too far ahead of ourselves, but ultimately we want to make this industrial strength and bring this as sort of an unparallel offering and a differentiator for our business. So again, we’re one for one right now.
