Adam Schechter: Thank you, Clarissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. These are certainly unprecedented times in which we've been living and working as a result of the global pandemic. Every country, government, customer, shareholders and employee has been impacted by these turbulent times and LabCorp is no exception.  Given our unique role across the spectrum of diagnostic testing and drug development, we have risen to the challenge to help combat the virus. We are supporting the protection of both, those who are currently or previously infected by the virus and we're involved in the development of potential treatments and vaccines.  Our teams like many who are directly involved in fighting this pandemic, have been working around the clock, and they remain energized by all that we are doing to minimize the impact in the United States and around the world. 
Adam Schechter: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. So a couple of things here. First one, with regard to cancellations, in the first quarter we saw about the same number of cancellations that we would expect to see in any quarter. So we didn't see an acceleration of cancellations.  With regard to the overall CRO business, you know we continue to have growth despite COVID-19 in the first quarter, but obviously towards the end of the quarter we started to see a significant impact of people postponing trials. Interestingly that business started to be impacted a little bit earlier than the end of March, because we do have a dental laboratory business in China. The impact there was earlier than the United States and we've actually seen our business in China start to pick up as China has begun to open up.  But what I look at more than the segments and the timing of them coming back, because they will come back, is what's happening in the marketplace right now and I mentioned that if you look at the COVID-19 trials, whether it would be for vaccines, whether it be central laboratory work or it be early stage development for antiviral, we are winning more than our share would predict. In fact, almost twice the amount of studies as a percent that what you would have expected on the share. I think that's truly demonstrates the power of the combined.  When I watch what our teams are doing and our diagnostic teams are joining our drug development team in conversations with clients, and even with our diagnostic teams, our drug development teams are coming into the diagnostic discussions to help understand what is being done in the marketplace and the studies that are underway, we are really starting to see significant advantage of having both the diagnostics and drug development business.  Now most of the trials are pre-clinical or Phase I. Even there we’re winning more than our fair share of market, but what I wanted to say is that those vaccines and those antivirals going to Phase II and Phase III, that we continue to win above what our market share would suggest. So I'm excited about the long term prospects for certain. I'm seeing the power combined.  How quickly the business comes back is going to be determined as to some extent how quickly markets around the world open up, particularly for the Phase III clinical trials, because most of those are global clinical trials. But I would say that we are optimistic that the world needed what we did before this and certainly with what's happening today in the trials for COVID-19, I think our capabilities are needed even more so in the future. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, I’ll give some context and I’ll ask Glenn if he wants to just jump in. But you know basically you saw our decline of between 50% to 55% towards the end of the quarter in terms of volume in the last several weeks of March, and we've seen that kind of level off, and I'd say in the last couple of weeks we've actually seen it begin to come back a little bit.  We saw a little bit of a change in mix as well that the esoteric testing did not decline as fast as the overall testing did and that's not a surprise, because esoteric testing typically is more in severe diseases and so forth. That's a little bit of why you saw an increase in our average price for the quarter, it’s because the esoteric business held a bit stronger than the typical regular diagnostic business.  But as we go forward we would expect both businesses to begin to pick up and assuming that the country begins to come back to work and as we get to the summer, there's no additional impact in the fall season, I would expect both esoteric and the other diagnostic tests to come back to somewhat normal as we get through the end of the year. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, hi Derik. A couple of thoughts. First of all, if you look at the overall capacity needed for PCR testing, which is testing to tell if a person actually has the virus, is actively shedding the virus, it's impossible to know the exact number that you need across the United States. I would say right now if you look at what's been done over 5 million tests, that’s pretty significant. I just said that we could do today 1.8 million tests per month and we're going to try to increase that if we can get 100,000 tests or greater a day, alone we could do 2.5 million a month.  And then you would add in all the other commercial labs, the state labs, the local labs, the academic medical centers. I think there's going to be a very significant amount of capacity that at least we'll get people through stage one of what the White House Coronavirus Task force is recommending to get states up and running.  At the same time, we're going to all continue to build capacity, because until there's a vaccine, I think we're going to have to have the ability to continue to do testing to see who have the virus. And I think that type of testing will continue even when there's a treatment up until there is a vaccine.  Separate and distinct from that of the serology, which is to tell who has been exposed to the virus in the past, and scientifically frankly there is still a lot of discussion on what's the most appropriate way to use the serology testing. For surveillance, I think it's going to be used for a long time.  I also believe that as businesses get up and running, they are going to test large parts of the population for serology tests and I believe if somebody tests positive for serology, meaning that they had been exposed to a virus in the past, but probably need a second test in order to validate that wasn't a false positive.  And then, the question becomes how often if somebody who's negative to serology get tested? Is it every three months, every six months, and I don't think that there's any known recommendation at this time.  The good news for us for serology is it’s a blood test, and we run blood tests all the time. We know how to run a blood test and we're going to build as much capacity as we can, we’ll utilize as much of that capacity as we can, but at the same time a lot of those will be run on the machines that we run our typical blood tests on anyway.  So I think for us it's a matter of build as much as you can, see how the science plays out, see how the marketplace plays out, and just be prepared for whatever volume you may need. 
Adam Schechter: Yeah, okay I’m going to start with your last question first, and I’ll answer the other one. So first of all, if you look at the COVID-19 trials, whether they be for antivirals or they be the things that we're doing with a company like PacBio or Ridgeback Biotherapeutics, you know most of them are early stage, smaller trials. So we are winning, I said more than twice our market share would expect us to win, but they are still relatively small times. They are early stage, preclinical or Phase I.  As those progress, I would expect that we would win more than our fair share in Phase II and Phase III and then I believe they become much more meaningful in terms of dollars. Right now they are meaningful because it really is demonstrating the power of having a diagnostic capability combined with drug development capability.  Separate and distinct from that with regard to sites up and running, we think it's that – about 70% to 80% of sites are not up and running at the moment for clinical trials. At the same time we are working hard, because we have made significant advances in hybrid and virtual clinical trials, and I think as the trails come back, there will be even greater utilization for things like hybrid and virtual trials. So we'll continue to work with our pharmaceutical and biotechnology colleagues to help them get their trials up and running as quickly as possible.
Adam Schechter: Yeah, hi Dan, thanks for the message. And you know we announced the launch of our Pixel by LabCorp at-home tests for COVID-19 about a week ago, and we're focused right now on frontline healthcare workers and first responders that have symptoms. And you know we've seen the demand is pretty significant in terms of not only people that are going to our website, but other people that are trying to reach out and see when it'll be available more broadly to additional people outside of those subgroups. So I do believe that this may be a reason that Pixel continues to grow over time as we go into the future.  At the same time we do plan to launch Pixel to additional groups of people as we get through the next weeks and I would expect right now we have over 100,000 kits available that will continue to make that much you know as we look out into the future on a weekly to every other week basis. 
Adam Schechter: And the only thing I would add is strategically there is no doubt in my mind and we're seeing more and more evidence every day, particularly as we go through the COVID-19 pandemic, having the drug development business together with the diagnostic business was a great strategic move.  And I believe in the importance of the combined today as much if not more based upon what we're going through and what we're seeing than I did even before the virus. 
Adam Schechter: Okay. So first of all thank you everybody for joining us today, and I have to say, I’m so proud of the way our company is mobilized to serve patients, customers, our local communities and the world. LabCorp has been innovators in science and medicine to help address global needs and I am deeply grateful to the way in which our 65,000 employees have stepped up in every country around the world.  What we do matters, and I believe it matters more in the future than it did in the past, and I believe it mattered a lot in the past. The challenge is far from over, but as I said previously, I have no doubt that we can beat this virus and also that LabCorp will remain committed to our mission to improve health and improve lives as we move forward. So, thank you so much for joining the call today. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Thank you, Adam. I'm going to start my comments by discussing the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on our business, and then provide some details on our first quarter results. While we're not providing specific guidance today for the year, I'll provide some commentary on our current assumptions and expectations for the remainder of 2020.  As Adam noted, our combined diagnostics and drug development offering uniquely enables us to help combat the global COVID-19 pandemic, by supporting the detection of the virus through diagnostic testing, as well as the development of treatments. While we continue to play a critical role in combating this pandemic, COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on the performance of both of our businesses, albeit at different magnitude and in different ways. In our diagnostics business, at the end of the quarter, we experienced reductions in demand for testing a 50% to 55% versus the company's normal daily levels. This reduction in demand impacted testing volume broadly, but with a more heavily weighted towards routine procedures. It also impacted esoteric tests, but to a lesser degree due to the critical and time sensitive nature of these test results.  In addition, while we’ve ramped up capacity for COVID-19 tests, the impact of the new volume has only marginally offset the lower volume we're experiencing with our broader test offering. While not impacting the quarter, we are also focused on increasing capacity of our new COVID-19 serology antibody tests of over 200,000 per day by mid-May, along with the increasing capacity of COVID-19 at-home test kit offering. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah. Dan I guess I’ll just add too. When you look at our normalized level of organic volume, it was pretty consistent with where we've been, at roughly around 1.3% when you take out the unusuals if you will.  So as Adam said, obviously backing out the impact of COVID, which we said was around a 7.3% impact, then we had three other kind of discrete items, two that were positive. So we benefited from the half of revenue day and that was around 0.7% benefits to our volume growth and then we had favorable weather compared to a year ago of around 0.8%. But that was offset effectively by lower consumer genetics demand at 1.6%.  So effectively a 1.3% for us has been kind of where we track it. Obviously it improved over the fourth quarter, but kind of where we would expect to track and I know you mentioned our competitor. We do talk about them and we do treat the treatment of volume differently for our lab management fees, which would have added around 60 basis points. So we feel really good that the base business from a demand standpoint, a volume standpoint, it's been pretty consistent.  What we've also been very pleased about, that really impacts our revenues even more is on the price side you know and while overall our pricing here we would say is relatively flat, the mix impact really was nice. So again in a similar vein, while we simply show kind of organic pricing at around a 3.4% increase, we had a couple of headwinds and tailwinds.  You know we benefited from – as Adam said from COVID where we have the lower percentage impacted from the esoteric tests, so it mixes this up. That helped us around 1.9%. Similarly with the lower consumer demand, consumer generics demand at a lower price point, that's helped our mix at 0.9% and then the headwind as we talked about already have PAMA and Beacon each at around 1.1%.  So again getting to a normalized price would get us to around a price mix of 2.8%, which actually is tracked higher than what we've done over the past year, you know in line, call it with the last couple of quarters where we’ve been north of two, but we continue to see favorable price mix. So from a revenue standpoint, again excluding COVID, we thought we had actually a very strong quarter. 
Glenn Eisenberg: So thank you for the question Ricky. Right now the Medicare price is $100 and that's been our price and our philosophy on pricing, which is to use the Medicare price, which they take a lot of time, spend a lot of effort to think through what is appropriate. And therefore we have charged all customers at that price. I have no reason to believe that that price would change, based upon anything I know today.  And I think that the testing for PCR will continue to grow, but the importance of it, it makes it very cost effective to test patients and actually find out who has the disease and then isolate them, so others don't get the disease. So I think it’s a very cost effective way in order to insure that you do everything you can. At the same time I would say that the capital expense and the difficulty of PCR is pretty high, and doing the PCR testing is not simple. I mean it's an RNA extraction that has multiple steps. So I feel like the reimbursement where it is today is at a good rate. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, this is Glenn. I’d say you know as we look at our reserves for receivables, you know we looked obviously back at prior recessions and big events that occurred in the USSA with the high unemployment rates, the impact that it's having on our customers if you will. Our expectation is that business that we've already conducted, that we currently have as receivables outstanding, we’ve assessed that full amount and have taken kind of a one-time charge or one-time reserve relative to those receivables. We’ll obviously still look to go and collect on them, but it's based upon historical experiences we feel that's an appropriate level to build the reserve for that.  So as we go forward, we have a normal standard process every quarter. We assess the adequacy of all of our reserves. So at this point we would say we're fully reserved based on what we believe and then if anything changes in the future, we’ll adjusted that, but our expectation is that the reserves that we established are adequate to deal with the environment that we're operating in. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure Michael. It is kind of an interesting exercise given that these are point in time. So as you recall in our 10-K, we commented that we did have one of the reporting units within drug development that was relatively close, fair value versus the book value, and that was performed as we do all of our reporting units, you know based upon September 30 and we report that on it for the year. But when we bring it to our kind of outside firm that does our valuations, it’s based upon a point in time.  And so what's interesting that's happened is now we move forward to March 31 where we've now done it again, and obviously the business has been impacted by COVID and a lot of others, but we look at the valuations or they look at valuations, based upon DCFs as well as just market valuations. And so interestingly when you look at the CRO market multiples, from September 30 through March 30, they are down 30%, and so we are effectively half of the valuations saying the value of the business is down 30% at that one point in time.  Frankly if we were to do it today, you know it would be a very different number, but accounting says you do it on that date and then also given the volatility in the market, you have the discount rate that was increased. So from their exercise on the value of the business on a particular day, you know that caused the decline at which we took the non-cash charge during the quarter. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure, effectively we have a lot of different reporting units, but the one reporting unit here that's broken out primarily relates to our clinical business. So that's the reporting unit, separate. And as you know when you look at even an acquisition and you break up the pieces to it, it doesn't necessarily say it's reflective of the total valuation of a company.  It's just the specific reporting unit that's broken out, as well as the specific goodwill that allocated to that business at that point in time, and so to your point you could say that within a year ago you acquired a business and you paid the market multiple for that business at that time.  Now all of a sudden you see a 30% correction, that business that you just bought is now theoretically worth 30% less. And accounting would say that’s what you value it at that day, and then six months later you could be back-up to that same market multiple, the valuation goes back up, but you don't write it back up, it's just the convention. So you know just a confluence of events with COVID-19 impacting earnings, results of all the companies, as well as the market valuations resulted in the impairment charge. 
Glenn Eisenberg: Yeah, I’d say obviously how we’ll account for it you know we’ll determine as we go through the quarterly and report. I think it's fair to say, given we've even done it now anything that is unusual, we will either call out separately or at least explaining the performance benefited from that. But clearly, to some extent a recoup if you will of the negative impact that we’re being impacted by COVID, as well as the capital spend and other spend that we’re making in order to ramp-up our testing as well. And while there are other tranches of the CARES Act that we could potentially be included in, at this stage it’s just too early to tell what that would be and obviously once we have more clarity on that, we’ll be able to convey that. 
