Adam Schechter: Yes. So, first of all, I’ll answer the second part first. So, we’re in good shape for the rest of the year with NHP. We don’t expect any additional impact as we go through the second half. And then to answer the first question, if you just look at the midpoint of our guidance, it would imply about a 9.5% increase year-over-year. And that’s going to come from both segments, the NHP segment as well as from the Clinical Laboratory – the Early Development Research Laboratory as well as the Clinical Research Laboratory segments.
Adam Schechter: Yes. I'll let Glenn answer the first question. I'll take the second one. Lisa, if you look at the reimbursement trends, what I would say is that it continues to be a relatively stable environment. And I feel good about our interactions with the payers, I feel good about our contracts that we have in place. I wouldn't say yet we're there for value-based contracts and so forth. I think there's still a lot of experimentation that happens, but we don't see a lot of significant progress. With all that said, I believe that we're in a very good position moving forward with the payers, and there's nothing that I would expect to be unexpected. What we're watching closely obviously is PAMA to see what happens there and government reimbursement on certain areas. But overall, it remains a pretty healthy environment.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start with labor, A.J. I mean, obviously labor has been an issue that I think all of health care has been struggling with a bit since COVID. What I would say is if we look at our turnover rates, although they're still higher than they were prior to COVID, they actually look better this year than they did last year, and we're seeing some improvement. Wage inflation continues to be an issue, and we continue to use LaunchPad savings to offset that as best we can. As we look at the $25 million stranded costs that we're going to be removing, it's enterprise-wide. By the end of this year we'll be on the run rate to remove that for next year. But importantly, we're still committed to the $350 million of LaunchPad savings that we've talked about in the past despite the fact that we no longer have the clinical business, where some of that cost savings obviously would have come from. So we are going to continue to look for ways to reduce costs across the enterprise to offset some of the other pressures that we've talked about.
Adam Schechter: Yes. There's about $45 million of stranded cost, give or take a couple of million. And we're going to – we have a path forward, and we've identified the $25 million of that.
Adam Schechter: Yes, Eric. First thing I'd say is as we look at the studies that we have for the back half, we already have the NHPs that we need to support the studies. When we first realized this issue, we immediately began to look for alternative suppliers to ensure that we would have capacity. The reason it took us through the first half of this year is because even when you receive the NHPs, there's an acclimation period before you can utilize them in study. So we've worked through that and based upon what we have today, we feel confident in NHP trials going through the second half of the year, which is why at the midpoint of the guidance, we feel comfortable of 9.5% for the Biopharma Laboratory business.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So what I would say is it is more costly today for NHPs than it was in the past. Much of that cost can be passed on to the customer. With that said, however, the margin on that cost is not able to be passed along. So it does impact margin a bit, but it doesn't impact us negatively. We can pass upon the increased cost.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks Brian and good morning. We're excited about the success that we've had with the hospital partnerships. I mentioned the three just in this last quarter that we were able to move forward with Jefferson legacy and an additional part of Providence. And the pipeline remains very strong. As I look at the pipeline of potential hospital [indiscernible], I'm excited about the opportunities before us. I think the hospitals are looking for several things. First and foremost, you have to be able to give them patient continuity. They need to make sure that there's no impact to their patients if they do a laboratory agreement. Second thing is science innovation technology; they want to find ways to actually get better science, get better information faster so that they can get better patient care as they move forward. The third thing that they're obviously looking for is to ensure that there is the ability to kind of have a long-term relationship. So I mentioned Providence, a 20-year relationships, these are long-term deals. They take a long time to get up and running and you want to make sure you choose the right partner that's going to be a long-term partner. And as I look forward into the future, this will be a significant area of focus for Labcorp as I think it represents a tremendous growth opportunity.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So let me give you some context, and I'll start broad, but then I'll narrow it down to the exact answer your question. Broadly, if you look across Biopharma Laboratories, we feel good about the book of business that we have. We have a book-to-bill of 1.22 trailing 12-month book-to-bill of 1.22. And it's important to note with the new mix of business that we have, having early development and having our essential laboratories, a book-to-bill 1.1 to 1.2 is healthy. So the book-to-bill is healthy. If we look at our central laboratory business and orders and RFPs, it continues to be very strong and robust. If we look at our early development, we still continue to have a significant number of RFPs about the same as what we've seen before. But in the very emerging and smaller biotechs, we are seeing some pressure particularly as some of them are canceling studies and so forth. Overall, we continue to see very good demand as we walk into next year. When we look at our trailing 12-month book-to-bill, it gives us significant confidence as we go into next year. And the good news is that if you look at the business overall, we are very much skewed towards large pharma, large biotech when you look at the overall laboratory business.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thanks for the question. And you're exactly right, our capital allocation, we focus right now we have a $1 billion accelerated repo program. We've got our dividend that we're committed to. We're going to pay down some maturing debt. And at the same time, we have significant opportunity with hospital laboratories as well as local laboratories as well. And that's the primary focus of what we see in the near-term. I don't see us doing anything that would be a significant deal outside of our core expertise. We're focused on our core and maximizing our core. And as I look at the other parts of our business, I feel like we have a good portion of what we need. There doesn't seem to be anything strategically that we're missing. So it's really going to be about the hospital, local laboratories primarily.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we are hopeful that there's a path forward on SALSA. ACLA, the trade organization is working on that. But at the same time we realized that we've got to be prepared in case PAMA does get implemented again next year. So when we think about next year, we've built into a plan about $75 million of downside due to PAMA. I'm hoping that we won't realize that, but we have to create our business model, assuming that does occur and have our cost base reflected what we would do if that does happen. I am optimistic that people realize the importance of our industry, the importance of what we do. And therefore, PAMA will not be implemented in the way it has in the past, but that's not what we're planning for as we look forward.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So I'll start, and then Glenn can add some commentary. So we're very pleased with the relationship that we have with Ascension and how the deal is progressing. In particular, the integration is going very, very well. We've given kind of a sense of $550 million to $600 million is what we expect the revenue to be. I would say it's probably contributing more towards the higher end of that than the lower end of that. And if you look at the margins, we said it was going to start up at the low-single-digits and then get to the mid-single digits after the first year, and it's certainly on track to do that. And then we expect next year and the following years for the margin to continue to improve. Ultimately, because of the mix of Ascension being heavily towards managing their laboratories, the margin will never get to our average margin, but it will continue to improve over time.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So if you look at our trend in 12 months, it's 1.23; and that's a very healthy book-to-bill, particularly for the businesses that we have. Early development typically would have a lower book-to-bill because the studies burn much faster and you can actually have studies that start and finish within a given year. So anything between a 1.1 and a 1.2, we consider to be healthy. And as we look forward, we continue to feel that there's plenty of opportunities, the RFPs continue to look good, so we're optimistic about where we're seeing the book to-go.
Adam Schechter: Yes. Thank you, Tim. And the things that we announced today, obviously we had those underway for quite some time to plan and prepare for, so that's irrespective of the clinical business or not. At the end of the day when you think about China, Japan, that's the second and third largest market in the world for pharma. So you need to have a very strong presence to have the capability to meet the needs of the pharmaceutical clients and the biotechnology clients. So it's just our way for us to continue to meet those customer needs. And we've done a lot in the past in terms of ensuring that we have a global presence, and I feel good about the global presence that we have today. We are significantly further ahead, particularly with our central laboratory business than we were before.
Adam Schechter: All right. Thank you, everybody for joining us today. And we really do look forward to sharing more with all of you at our Investor Day in September. So we look forward to that time. We wish you, in the meantime a very happy and healthy summer, and we'll see you in September.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, hi Jack. So, when we think about margins, again, specifically for Biopharma, obviously, we expect to see a second half margin year improve over the first half and improve year-over-year. So, again, benefiting from the top line growth that Adam said was kind of in the implied revenue growth of 9.5% for the segment, we’ll get good leverage over that as well as benefiting from LaunchPad. We said that for the full year for Biopharma, margins will be flat to slightly up, again, consistent with, frankly, Diagnostics margins being up a little bit and for the enterprise as well, including the negative impact from Ascension. So, we feel good about margins driven off of the top line. When you look at the quarter, we felt actually very good with a 15% margin in the quarter for Biopharma, realizing that we had very strong growth coming from Central Lab that really helped it, but also we had negative growth from Early Development Research, which constrained it. So, we feel good about where we are kind of as a run rate. And if we can maintain that level of margin, that will get us, again, higher margins for the full year as well as year-over-year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. And Lisa, on the utilization; so as you think about the quarter, obviously from a base business organic standpoint we were up 13.5%, so obviously very strong growth when you look year-on-year, but including the benefit from Ascension. So think about kind of the same-store sales, if you will, growth, excluding the impact of Ascension we're up around 7%, so higher than normal growth rates in part given the comp that we would have had a year ago. And of that around 5.5% of that is coming from our volume and the other 1.5%, call it from favorable price mix. So as you think about it relative to 2019 kind of pre-pandemic, are we tracking at a more normal level, we would say we are now. If you look at the compound annual growth rate compared to 2019, again that 7% year-on-year growth this year would have been more like around a 4% compound growth rate compared to 2019, with volume in between, call it, 1%, 1.5% growth rate compared to 2019. So as we think about volume normally historically at 1% to 2%, we're kind of sitting squarely in the middle of that. So it says we're tracking more normal, but the year-over-year is benefiting from some softness last year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. A.J., just adding to that and more specifically, the $25 million of annualized cost, stranded costs that will take out this year to your point, while it will be throughout the whole enterprise. Obviously, a lot of it initially will come from the Biopharma segment. So this is the, call it the support that we have at the segment level that's supporting was all three of the businesses that included the Fortrea business now supporting the two. So we'll look to take out a lot of those stranded costs. In addition, we'll take out some stranded costs that's in corporate unallocated that wouldn't have been allocated to any of the businesses. Having said that, when you look at our corporate unallocated number we did around $66 million in the quarter, we have been seeing an increase in that relative to the R&D investments we're making in oncology. So very targeted investments that will kind of be offset that growth by some of the costs coming out of corporate and allocated due to stranded. So as we think about the run rate of corporate unallocated, that $66 million should still hold true, so it's roughly around 2.2% of our revenues. So as we think longer term, in addition to the $25 million that we're taking out, which is more of a short-term cost to take out of the stranded, we feel there's also some other opportunities to take out additional costs within the corporate unallocated as we go forward and then obviously look to see the company through organic growth as well as acquisition growth. As we grow as a company, we'll be able to leverage the infrastructure and the cost structure we have there even more.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. So, hi, Kevin. So you're right. So as we went back and obviously looked at the current outlook, we said that overall at the enterprise level consistent at the midpoint with revenues, earnings, cash flow and we obviously talked a bit about some pluses and minuses within the businesses that made up that at the enterprise level, where we were excluding Fortrea, when you work down to the earnings similar. So we had the earnings that we would have had in our outlook. We backed out the earnings in April, if you will, taking out Fortrea, but obviously we had the cash from the spin that we added back in there. And so from an earnings and then similar cash flow at the $900 million free cash flow from continuing ops, again, excluding spend, excluding Fortrea; so all of those would have been in line with the expectations that we had in April. When you look at acquisitions to Enzo in particular. So Enzo, we talked about that free cash flow in our guidance, the free cash flow we generated in the year is between M&A, share repurchases and dividends. So there's a portion of that capital, that's an M&A that we include in the enterprise revenues and that we don't include it in the segment revenues until those transactions are actually completed and then we move them down, wouldn't change the enterprise number, but it will affect if you will kind of a segment. Similarly, with lower COVID than what we were expecting in April, that's being absorbed by stronger base business demand in diagnostics. So favorable diagnostics on the upside, a little softness within the biopharma services and a little softness in COVID, but netting out to the enterprise. So that's how we kind of come back to the consistency, if you will, if they're in lines with the pluses and minuses. And LaunchPad again we talked about is continuing on track. So when we think about the labor markets, really no change in our viewpoint from labor. I mean, frankly, our attrition rates are tracking better than they have been a year ago, even though it's still higher than what we would have seen pre-pandemic. The cost – the inflationary costs really haven't changed much from where we were thinking they would be in April. So that's, frankly, we would say kind of in line with where we would have thought. So overall, we feel, again, good about what we thought our businesses were going to do this year continues to be that same pace.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, the only thing I'd add is that when you think about, again what's changed in our outlook a little bit, part of that is the benefit of Ascension. As Adam said, we're clearly towards the upper or at the upper end of the expectations we had, so improved on the volume side. And then in addition from a margin standpoint, while we're initially expecting, call it that low-to-mid-single digits we're tracking well there as we get that additional volume coming through with momentum taking us into the rest of the year.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Tim. What you'll see is that consistent with what we've done before. So the same metrics that we provided for the two segments will continue. Obviously, Biopharma Laboratory Services now consists of the two versus the three businesses. But you'll see in the enhanced disclosures that we provided, we continue to do a breakout of the individual businesses. And that from the segment standpoint we give guidance for their top line for the year. We provide, obviously in our remarks the trailing 12 months, which is really where we focus on book-to-bill and backlog and orders. But in the enhanced disclosures, we also provide that on a quarterly basis, so none of the changes from where we've been providing before.
