Dave King: Thank you Glenn. At this time I would like to comment on our announcement this morning that Joe Herring will retire at the end of this month and that Deborah Keller will succeed Joe as Chief Executive Officer of Covance. First I would like to thank Joe for his leadership, which helped make Covance the respected drug development organization that it is today, as well as the critical role he played during the merger and integration. During Joe’s tenure as CEO he successfully steered Covance through periods of strong growth and volatility. He led the expansion of Covance’s drug development offerings and the informatics capabilities and he remained steadfast in his dedication to the core principles of Covance, people, process, clients and science. I have great personal respect for Joe and I thank him for his many contributions to Covance. We all wish Joe well in his planned retirement. I am very pleased that Deb has accepted our offer to succeed Joe. Deb has been with Covance for 25 years, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Group President of Covance R&D Laboratories, where she led an organization of more than 6000 employees at 18 facilities across the globe that generated nearly two thirds of Covance’s revenue. She’s a terrific leader who is well respected by our employees and clients with a clear commitment to bringing innovative new medicines to patients. Deb is absolutely the right candidate for this important role, and she distinguished herself during our succession process, in which we considered both internal and external candidates. Given the strong working relationship that Deb and I have developed I am confident that the leadership transition will be seamless.  This concludes our formal remarks and we are now ready to take your questions.
Dave King: Bob good morning it’s Dave. So the revenue model for BeaconLBS is that there is a payment who are all lab services that are delivered in the market to BeaconLBS some of that lab services will go through LabCorp some of that will go through the other network labs. The reason that we broke out 1.1% contribution is that is the revenue that BeaconLBS received that essentially as pass through to other network participants whereas the revenue the BeaconLBS receives that is take the LabCorp is reported in the diagnostics volume. So as we included essentially the pass through revenue in the -- in our volume numbers it would have given you with distorted perspective on either volume or price wherever we put it and that’s why you see it separately.
Dave King: Yes, so in the lab sector that the pipeline is very robust we are looking at wide variety of potential acquisition opportunities always thinking it’s -- as we’ve said many times about broadening the esoteric testing menu broadening our geographic footprint and anything else would be important from a strategic perspective. On the Covance side we are looking at a variety of potential acquisitions that could either complement some of the existing businesses, support continued data innovation efforts or otherwise round out the capabilities that we have and that we are committed to continuing to invest to grow.
Dave King: Yes, Michael thanks for the question. First let me say that from an overall order perspective central labs in the first six months of 2015 have all time record orders as you think about the two companies coming together where there is integration and an overlap at central labs and the clients are pouring volume in and kids going out of the door and kids coming back in or even starting to pick up during seasonally saw summer months which is, is how that business generally closed and early development which has been a business that we’ve been trying to restore those two it was actually the fact just going to be part of the portfolio, we have margin expansion and even during the most recent weeks and months which is seasonally saw orders are very strong.
Dave King: And Lisa it’s Dave just add a little color to that when we talk about slower than typical revenue conversion this has to deal with the complexity of studies the fact that there maybe other modality such as imaging included in the study that has to be coordinated and patient visit. So it's not that – it's not that the studies aren't starting, it's just that they are taking longer from the placing of the order to the actual beginning of completion of recruitment, beginning of patient visits and that's – I think that's characteristics across all of the clinical businesses that comparable that we are seeing in the market.
Dave King: Jack, it's Dave. Good morning. I am not sure what's driving the pipeline and it would be hard to give any kind of reasonable speculation. I will say in terms of our focus and perspective we continue to be focused on the same basic priorities as I mentioned which is the esoteric test menu and this strategic footprint and other potential strategic opportunities [indiscernible]. In terms of the leverage we have not changed our perspective which is we need to de-lever. We paid debts this quarter but at the same time we did a couple of tuck-ins because they were attractive opportunities and you can expect to see the same from us going forward while for paying more debts and we are doing tuck-in acquisitions. We will continue to de-lever and as Glenn said in his prepared comments that debt to EBITDA was 3.6 in the quarter so we have already started de-levering from where we were post close.
Dave King: Isaac, its Dave. Obviously, it's the time that we updated the Covance revenue guidance. We thought that we had very good visibility in the second half of the year. I would say we did have very good visibility in the second half of the year in early development and in central labs. In the clinical business, certain parts of the clinical business, the orders burn relatively quickly and we came up little short there from what we thought that we were going to accomplish in the quarter, which has an impact for the balance of the year and that's the reason why we've adjusted the guidance. Obviously, from my perspective and for the management team perspective, we're happy about it, but we have made the commitment as Joe said for even earlier in the year to invest in the growth of the clinical business and to take the steps necessary to put it back on track.
Dave King: No. I don’t think so at all. I think it was $0.15 raised in the low-end of which greater than 10 is the depreciation but the rest is due to be in our fourth projected forecast for the rest of the year. Signals there, we feel that the rest of the year is going to be strong. Obviously, as we have said on many occasions, the guidance encompasses a wide range of outcomes but I wouldn’t describe it as either more conservative or more aggressive than what we've previously head out.
Dave King: And Gary, this is Dave. Quick follow-up on that. Obviously, we've talked about the fact that we've won a couple of contracts last year. Those are -- had started to annualize and will fully annualize in the next quarter. So again I think the organic volume growth is very strong. You can reach your own conclusions about taking share but we're continuing to see strong organic volume growth through the beginning of the annualization of the business wins.
Dave King: I think the only thing I can do is refer you to the comments that more cards being made at the CMS clinical lab meeting with respect to the timing. I emphasize again as I said I think on the last call, this is a very complex task for CMS. There are a lot of data points, there is a lot of information that they're trying to gather. They're trying to do it in a responsible way that's fair to the industry and also to the payer. We continue to be optimistic about the outcome and to take a -- we hope a positive and supportive approach to what CMS is trying to do.
Dave King: Well, I think they've said the timing of the rule is uncertain and so what we can do is go by what they said which is the timing of the rule is uncertain and it will be up to them to determine what that means with respect to implementation.
Dave King: No. I think Glenn has summarized it well. Volume has been strong. We have BeaconLBS contributing to revenue, which again is part of the overall volume perspective. I don’t think a whole lot has changed in the outlook, Ricky. I think as you get further end of the year you have greater visibility and where you're going to come out. And as we get greater visibility into where we come out, we adjust the expectations accordingly.
Dave King: And Ricky, it's Dave. Just one additional comment there what Joe touched on as we add more genomic and esoteric capabilities to the Covance central lab business and particularly as we see great client interest in next gen sequencing exome capabilities that the lab core or central lab business is bringing that will have a natural positive effect on both pricing mix and margin in the central lab business.
Dave King: Amanda, its Dave. I don't think it would be reasonable to point to one specific number and say that's a target or that's a goal or that represents success. I think what we'll be able to do over time is point to as we have specific instances of winning business due to the combination of the companion diagnostics in particular which we are very enthusiastic about and tell you how much that's contributed against the $300 million target. So, I think those will be better indicators to look for than one single number like the book-to-bill or a revenue growth rate.
Dave King: Yes, thanks for the question. First of all, all of this is in our [S4 dial] filings and it's in all the forecast that we've talked about. There's two parts. The larger part of the agreement at a -- and that is the services agreement, Sanofi volume with Covance's 5x prior to what we had before we did the agreement. The asset agreement were for the two specific sites and our continued expectations is that agreement will not be renewed but every day is sort of something new. That's about roughly about $70 million a year, but again all of that's fully disclosed. It's in all of our forecast and in all the expectations.
Dave King: A. J., its Dave. We agree in the first instance that consumer engagement is extremely important in their own responsibility for healthcare and for years we pushed. When I came to this company and most states it was illegal for consumers to get their own lab results without getting permission from their doctor. We push for years and finally AJ just responded with the regulation to allow that. So, consumer engagement is extremely important. We do need to think about the consequences of consumer self-ordering, one of which is the patient doesn't understand the test result. Two, is the patient decides to start self-treating now that they've got the lab test result. So, we've said and we've been open about, we will have a direct consumer business under the lab core brand by the end of the year. We are not going to do it in a way that disintermediates positions, we are going to do it in a responsible and a compliant way. And we are very sensitive to the importance of physician interpretation of [test] as well as the need to combine individual test results with other signs and symptoms of disease. So, I think we've been clear in that position and again we continue to support consumer engagement but in a responsible and compliant and measured way.
Dave King: Obviously, we've had some leadership transition at Covance, already all of which was planned as part of the merger synergies. We feel like we've got a strong leadership team in place. Deb was going to be a terrific leader. I am sure overtime that she will want to make some tweaks to her team as every CEO does, but there is nothing planned in terms of major leadership or major structural changes.
Dave King: Well, the conversations of that for why the relationships are not new. I think what's new is the range of capabilities that we bring to the table. Now Covance has always had the unique position in the drug development business of having the combination of early clinical and central lab. But I think that the lab core capabilities, the incremental lab capabilities, the data, the companion diagnostics expertise that compliments with Covance has and obviously the scale and infrastructure for some of the priorities around real world evidence, these are very, very interesting to our clients. Glenn and I have in fact done several clients visits over the past two weeks and there is a new level of interest about -- first of all I want to understand the rationale for the merger, then I want to understand how can that lead to a broader scientific collaboration, how can that lead to broader capabilities collaboration, how can that lead to execution of some of their priorities. And so, we're enthusiastic about the opportunity to grow some of these existing relationships and add some new ones.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes, the share count should still be the -- roughly called 100 million shares outstanding for the year or so no change there. The tax rate we did have an estimate out before of around 35% we moved it up to around 36% consistent with what we saw in the second quarter and that was just based upon a mix of geographic earnings if you will little higher tax rate in the U.S. So those were the only changes there. And then for the guidance obviously we’ve taken it up we’ve also narrowed it even with the six months left to go so that the midpoint if you will of our guidance is now around $0.15 higher than what we would have shared in our prior guidance due to that performance we have in the quarter our outlook for the year as well as the benefit that we get for lower depreciation expense with -- doing our purchase priced account.
Glenn Eisenberg: Sure Lisa. Obviously, while we have taken down the revenue guidance of Covance Drug Development it's still a growth rate I think in the midpoint on constant currency we are still up around 2.7%. As Joe spoke to I believe earlier we have really seen good growth in early development and the central labs and that remains unchanged where we saw the lower expectations for growth was really in the clinical business and again we talked about it or Dave just mentioned that the slower than expected revenue conversion as well as little bit softer on the order side, however, we feel pretty good about the outlook that we have now in part because that one part of the business that generated the lower than expected revenues the new orders that were getting now effectively are going to impact 2016 and beyond. So we do expect and the year what's embedded in our outlook is growth across all the main business lines of Covance year-over-year all be it currently a little bit lower than what we had originally envisioned. I guess on the positive side while we have seen a reduction in the revenue outlook and in the enterprise our top line revenue outlook continues to be roughly where it was actually it's up slightly because of the tuck-in acquisitions and as you saw we have also – obviously also taken up the leverage as we moved up the earnings per share guidance as well.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. Keep in mind, Isaac, that the Covance business is a little more volatile than and less predictable than the historic lab core businesses. But in the second quarter we delivered sequential revenue growth of 20 million, call it, and sequential operating margin of nearly 20 million. So, better than expected. So, we'll fight on from here.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Ricky. This is Glenn. Maybe, at least I can start just a kind of level set that. One obviously, we have been consistently generating good volume. And as Dave commented the annualization of the revenue from the new contracts, really, you'll see in the second half of the year. So, we've benefitted in the first half. The other thing that will benefit in the second half obviously will be the tuck-in acquisitions that we have been doing as well as the BeaconLBS. That will be on for a full half versus the ACLA partial part of the first half of this year. So, consistent, still strong, good volume growth, but again tougher comps year-over-year when you just take it back to the basic organic diagnostics business.
Glenn Eisenberg: This is on the -- I guess, on the Covance side we did around five in the first quarter, call it 10 in the second and again with the target this year of 35. So, obviously, we are delivering solidly on our expectations but the longer term over the three years on a cost savings standpoint, it was going to be call it a 100 million and again we are on track for that.
Joe Herring: Clinical on the other hand had orders ramping to the end of last year but in the first six months of this year orders were softer and the backlog conversion has not been as fast as we would have hoped. One area where we think we can definitely improve it’s in the small and midsize clients we’ve recognized that early in the year we have added a dozen sales people and in fact in the second quarter proposals in Phase 2, 3 clinical were actually up a little more than 25% sequentially. So the actions we are taking are already making an impact at least some proposals and hopefully that flows through as to orders and eventually as revenue. The other item is that we have been very aggressively [indiscernible] Dave around the globe and introducing him to our clients, CEOs Head of R&D and the person with the longest relationship whether it’s me or Dave or a few other folks have been introducing Dave and he has played very, very well, our clients are not accustomed to see and someone who has a database with 17 million patients technology like the BeaconLBS we talked about to bring both to drug development, investigator site selection, patient identification, as well as new tools on the informatics side that we have been working on that Dave is totally up to speed on. So I guess my final comment there Michael is did the Phase 2, 3 clinical market is very strong I think you will see as our competitors continue to release results, the success that our clients are having in their pipeline as of late it’s a healthy market that we are serving and frankly the combination of Covance and LabCorp bring a tremendous set of tools that will enable us to win and in the recent industry surveys not ours but ones done by so called analyst clients repeatedly say they are actually more willing to work with Covance post merger than before because of similar things that I mentioned. So, we are working on it.
Joe Herring: Yes Lisa thank you for your question, I mean – give you what maybe sort of the new answered answer but we have a number of large clients who just happen to have portfolios that are a little bit slower as we go right now. For example, in central labs, we have a number of so source clients who plays every stick of their central labs work with us and every year for the last seven years we’ve had a different largest client and it’s not because we’ve lost work or gain work it’s more competitive it’s just how the pipeline flows and we have a couple of clients who are spending a tremendous amount in the launches and a little less in Phase 2, 3 clinical but they have a strong early clinical pipeline that will bring new volume hopefully in the coming quarters and into next year. So it’s sort of the vague reason of how former pipelines go and just been little bit softer for us but again I think the effort in small to mid clients as well as the differentiating tools that we are bringing position us to do well there and again the market is strong.
Joe Herring: Yes. Ricky, it’s Joe. I think you're talking about the Lilly agreement and that goes through 2019. The agreement continues to perform well and above the expectations and that's clearly in account that we've had Dave in. It's in really good shape. I think if you just take a step back, the fact that early development continues to see mid-to-higher single-digit revenue growth margin expansion capacity filling as well as our competitors doing well. And biotech funding is very constructive to the story. Obviously, central labs is the largest division of Covance and it's the most profitable. To see record orders and kits out and kits coming in sort of building up tail wins for later in the year and certainly for 2016, is very encouraging. So, Dave who led the recovery of early development, now has the whole enchilada and of course the great business that is central lab has been her baby. So, she can't wait to get her teeth into clinical as well as her arms around the whole thing and bring her years and years of experience to the company, fully to bear.
Joe Herring: Well let me say this, in my 18 and half years with the company, I have proven one thing for sure and that is that I cannot forecast central lab. Over the longer period of the time, it grows roughly 10%. I am very, very confident that we are in the early stages of accelerated growth in central labs. Our competitive position has improved. I think some -- we got a couple of competitors that are struggling. I think our clients like the incremental benefit of having the esoteric volume from lab core within the portfolio. And as you pointed out Ricky, there is good drop through on additional central lab volume. So, I think as we look towards the end of the year and in 2016, central lab is very constructive and I guess I would say Covance is stronger than ever in central lab.
Joe Herring: Finally, Ricky, we did add another self-source central lab client in the second quarter as well, which, as they ramp-up will be helpful.
Joe Herring: Well, I guess proposal volume being up 25% sequentially is a very good factoid. It's early in the quarter to talk about what will translate into orders but we are much more out there and have better coverage. So, in terms of cancellation rates in clinical, keep in mind we were reporting net orders and so they are net of cancellations and we tend to just color cancellations. They were lower than historical run-rate in the first quarter and sort of at the historical run-rate in the second quarter.
Jay Boyle: Jack, this is Jay Boyle. Thank you for the question. We have seen growth in both the genomics and esoteric business that has helped drive our revenue per session for the quarter that we are really pleased with. We expect that to continue as we move into the back half of the year. And hope to continue to see that kind of growth and did you ask the second question I am sorry I missed it.
Jay Boyle: Yes, you hit the narrow and ahead we have had – we are very pleased with obviously our volume growth and across both the core and the esoteric businesses and we expect that outlook continuing. I do really missed this point in that mentioning that our team has done a terrific job, this is the best of several quarters where we have had significant organic volume growth and volume growth across the board and it is in the esoteric genomic and also in the core area and has helped to give us the price that we have experienced this quarter.
Jay Boyle: Yes, Gary, this is Jay. Hard to determine whether we're actually taking share or not, but certainly our results speaks for themselves. It's as I mentioned earlier, it's across the board and they talked about the coordinated effort earlier. It's a credit to our sales leadership and then leadership in our divisions, where they're just totally focused on growth. We have a terrific hospital and manage care team that bring deals onboard which pave the way. So we're really pleased about the share that we are capturing.
