Frank Del Rio: I'm sorry, I had you on mute. I will begin from the top. Thank you, Andrea, and good morning. I hope that everyone joining us today as well as your loved ones are healthy and safe. Similar to our previous earnings call in May, today, we will provide a business update on the progress of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic. I'd like to start off by putting the current no-sail situation into perspective. In the last 5 months, our company and the cruise industry at large has experienced more adversity than at any other time in our 50-plus-year history. The negative effect the cruise industry faces from the COVID crisis eclipses that of 9/11, the Great Recession and any other stress test scenario that once imagination has ever modeled combined. Looking back, it would have been unimaginable for us to foresee that today, 5 months after the initial suspension of service, which was declared on March 13, that our entire 28-ship fleet would still be at a complete standstill. Motor anchored in ports around the world waiting to set sail again. We are experiencing about the pandemic is unprecedented and extreme and uncertain and will surely be chronicled as those extraordinary events in our sailing history. Nevertheless, I continue to remain confident and upbeat that we will once again demonstrate our resilience and adapt to the complex and ever-changing COVID-19 environment. There is always a silver lining in all hardships, and as you know, our company is nimble and innovative, and we will find ways to meet the needs of the current environment, no matter what they may be. Whether that's developing and implementing new and innovative health and safety protocols, developing new or modified itinerary or changes to the onboard experience, understanding consumer trends or any other obstacles that come our way, we will look back on 2020 and this pandemic and, once again, witness the evolution it will bring not just to the cruise and hospitality space, but to all aspects of life and society around the world.
Frank Del Rio: Look, it could happen. We've seen smaller mom-and-pop types travel agents already folding their tents, even larger travel agent distributors furloughing employees, no different than the cruise lines are furloughing employees. You have to adjust to the current volume. We have seen an uptick in our direct business, more business coming in through our website and other direct channels. We think that might be exaggerated at the given time, given the -- at least partial closure of the travel agency distribution system. But I believe that travel agents will survive this, just like we will. There will always be casualties. There's been casualties so far in the cruise space. So I think on the margins of at least the short term when sailings resume, you might see a disproportionate of business coming through direct channels versus where we were seeing prior to the crisis. But I think over the long term, the travel agents have shown their resilience over the years. They've adapted to technology. It wasn't too long ago that many people predicted the demise of travel agents. And if anything, over the years, they've gone stronger. So maybe around the margins at the beginning, at the outset of the restart, but I think longer term, you're not going to see much change.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, Steve, you answered the question beautifully. We have a young fleet. In fact, the oldest vessel we have, prior to the pandemic, we completed the work in mid-February. We invested $150 million in the Norwegian Spirit so that ship is better than you. We love our capacity. We are the smallest of the big 3. So we're always wanting more, although I think you've heard me say that during this pandemic, I'm glad I am the smallest because there's less mouths to feed, so to speak. But look, we not only have the youngest fleet, but we also have 9 incredible vessels on order, which allows us to have the fastest-growing fleet. And so no, we absolutely have no plans to divest of any of our vessels.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Look, there's no way to spin the initial reemergence of COVID onboard vessels. But it's like, I said in my prepared remarks, it's an opportunity to learn from them. This virus teaches us something every day. And so while it's disappointing, I'm glad that the ports that the cruise company that suffered these setbacks have handled the situation very, very well. We haven't had a repeat of what happened earlier during the pandemic crisis. And in terms of where we stand with the CDC, look, I think the next 60 to 90 days are going to be very, very key. As you know, the CDC requested an RFI, request for information, that's due through September '21. I'm told that there are thousands of comments that have already been received by the CDC. Around the same time, our panel is going to be completing at least their first initial set of recommendations, which we, along with Royal, will look to implement in our return to sail protocols that we will submit about the same time as the RFI. And so the CDC will have a lot of information to comb through and digest and opine on, let's say, beginning in Q4. And so we'll see how they react to it. We're confident that our -- the panel is going to come up with key science-based recommendations that the cruise industry can implement. That should be impressive to the cruise industry -- to the CDC. And then there's the hope that during the same time, the prevalence of the pandemic will subside to more manageable levels, and that the combination of the 2 will lead to a speedy return to service.
Frank Del Rio: It begins to close once we discharge our full arsenal of marketing initiatives and marketing spend. Our base -- the market philosophy is market to spend, not taking no longer, the type of thing. And so we don't like discounting. We have not discounted. And the good news is that I think your analysis has indicated, for the most part, the industry-wide has not been  FCC adjusted basis, our yields in '21 are relatively flat to where they were for 2020. And as you know, 2020 was tracking to be a record year before the pandemic hit. So on the pricing side, we're holding our own very well. And again, given the limited marketing spend, I'm astonished how well bookings are coming in, given the fact that the industry is suspended. There is not a lot of positive news flow. And going forward, cruise lines now -- have now suspended sailings through October 31, and in some cases through the end of the year. So I do believe that we, in the cruise industry, enjoy a very loyal customer base. Across our 3 brands, over 50% of our guests on any given cruise are repeaters. We're going to lean on them heavily. They're going to lean on us. They want to cruise again. Depending on when you think the restart is, there's going to be 15 million, 20 million people who were not allowed to cruise this year. And there's a lot of pent-up demand there. So I can't give you a specific date when we think that the booking window  to normal. It will take some time. But we've seen one of the basic business tenets of the cruise industry is you sail full and you do what you have to do to sail full. And in our case, we market to fill. And we think that's the best strategy. It's proven its time -- its mettle time and time again. It's proving itself now. So I can't give you a specific date, but I don't think it will take that long.
Frank Del Rio: Really haven't. As I said, there's always pockets. There's always a sailing here or there. But I'm very happy to see the discipline that the industry has shown across the board in this pandemic. I think logic tells you that business is soft not because of business fundamentals, business is soft because you can opt  and in spite of that, business is relatively strong. If you had told me that we were going to be facing these set of circumstances, and your question is, "Frank, would you be taking any bookings?" I would have laughed at you. I'll say, "Of course, not, who would book? It's crazy." But people are booking. People are confident that we're going to come back. People do want to cruise. They miss it. It's a heck of a vacation experience, a heck of a vacation value. And so this is temporary. The question is how temporary is temporary. But it is temporary. And those who have the wherewithal, the financial wherewithal to stay in the game will reap the rewards later on.
Frank Del Rio: Well, it all depends on the extreme -- on how the switch occurs. If, for example, we're talking about Q1 in which the vast majority of the fleet is Caribbean-centric and you stand up a handful of ships in the Caribbean but not all, moving from a ship that is not being stand up to those that are, is a relatively easy phenomenon. It's more complicated if you're asking someone who booked a 4-day cruise to the Bahama to take a 12-day cruise to Europe. So a lot depends on the start dates, what we're talking about. For example, in Alaska, we have 4 vessels in Alaska. And so it's, again, relatively easy to move people within a region within an itinerary from, let's say, Norwegian Joy and Norwegian Bliss, that they're both operating 7-day cruises in Alaska. The only difference is one departs on a Saturday and one departs on a Sunday. But over time, we've seen that customers are willing to make those kinds of changes. You may have to sweeten the pot with a shipboard credit or a cabin upgrade or something like that to induce some. But generally speaking, not an overwhelming obstacle.
Frank Del Rio: So in terms of the airlines, they've lowered their rates substantially from their normal level. So they're good pricing and, hopefully, consumers will take advantage of it. Your first question is, I think, the more important one, and I mentioned that in my script. We've not seen any major shift in consumer behavior. We have not altered our itinerary. So the same itineraries that were available for purchase before the pandemic for 2021, for example, are still available today. So that means by definition, that . If they are showing favoritism to close-to-home cruising or not cruising to Asia or avoiding Europe, we're not seeing it because our itineraries have not changed. And as our booking volumes are still relatively strong, given the marketing spend and the pricing is strong, we believe that our itineraries are still attractive to our customers. We are very proud of our itineraries. As you heard me say before, itineraries is the #1 driver of yields. We lead the industry in yields by a very wide margin, which tells me that our itineraries are very well received. And so as you know, there are travel restrictions just about everywhere today. And until those begin to get lifted, we really won't see whether customers favor one versus another.
Frank Del Rio: I'll classify it. In terms of load factors, there's going to be so many variables. And I know you prefaced your question with -- it's highly speculative, and you're right. But I -- my instinct and it's no more than my instinct, my 25-plus years in this business peppered with a little bit of  really perhaps reading between the lines of  the government authorities, somewhere in the 75% range for full year of sailing. And my guess is it will be gradual, like everything else, it might start at 50%, 60%. I think some of the cruise companies that have already begun cruising are adaptable, and it will . With the limitation being more concerned for the spread of COVID than constraints on consumer demand, I think consumer demand will be there. I think we're all sick and tired of being cooped up in the house and we want to get out. And as long as we can ask to retain it, cruising is a safe viable vacation alternative. You're going to find customers coming back in roads. With that, I'll leave it to Mark on the cost.
Frank Del Rio: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Tough environment.  we've a good liquidity runway to see this through and are hopeful that things will begin to improve, both on the prevalence of the COVID case and our ability to put together a comprehensive and robust set of protocols that gets us back in service quick. So we look forward to speaking to you again, I guess, in late October, early November. And please stay healthy and safe. All the best. Bye-bye.
Mark Kempa: Thank you, Frank. Given the rapid and significant impact COVID-19 has had on our business, my remarks will focus on the continued execution of our financial action plan and how we believe we have positioned our company to weather an extended period of voyage suspensions. The global pandemic has lasted longer than anticipated, resulting in the continued suspension of our cruise voyages, which have now been extended through October 31. There is still much uncertainty around how the pandemic will evolve so we will have to continue to adapt and modify our strategy in real time.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Steve, yes, you're absolutely right. So when you look at the ships from just the ship operating expenses, based on our, let's call it, 2019 or 2020 planned levels, we would need about 40% of our typical revenue to cover the vessel operating expenses. When you layer on your corporate overhead into that, that goes up to about 60%. So keep in mind, that's an average. That's a blend. Obviously, certain ships, it might be lower than that and certain ships that may be higher than that. But generally speaking, it's about that 40% and 60%.
Mark Kempa: Yes. From a secured standpoint, Felicia, we are pretty -- we are at our capacity, given some of the negative covenants we have on our 3.6% notes. But we do believe there is -- we do have additional capacity on an unsecured basis and -- as well as through additional convertibles and common. And so we are in active discussions with our various investment banks and always looking at additional options, should we need to do so. But we do have additional options available should we need it. But given where we stand today, we feel like we're in a good position. But it's really going to be about time, and time is the enemy here in this case. But we will continue to evaluate all options that we have.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Vince, this is Mark. So look, what we tried to do is 2020 is fluctuating so much, and you're absolutely right that we have lowered our cost base. In fact, we've lowered our operating expenses a little more than 60%. But what we tried to do to give everybody a solid foundation in which to measure that was really provided on either a 2019 or 2020 expectations, just to give it a consistent base. So -- but you are absolutely right. As we continue to flex down, that should improve with our lower cost structure. But keep in mind, this is a relatively fixed cost business for the most part. So there will be some opportunities, but that was really the basis for providing it on those levels.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Tim. So I think when you look at the cost structure, we certainly are learning as we go along that maybe there is levers we can look at. So from a ship-side standpoint, I wouldn't anticipate any significant changes in our ship operating expenses. Yes, may we have some incremental costs here and there as a result of new health or safety measures. But I think on the margin, that's going to be pretty minimal. When we look at our overhead structure, one of the interesting things we've learned that, as Frank mentioned, is we've really cut back our marketing spend and yet we continue to see relatively strong bookings. So we're going to learn from that and we're going to figure out, is there a better way to spend and more and get more for that dollar? That said, our strategy is market to fill. So we will continue along that strategy. But if we can find ways to become more efficient, we certainly will do that. And as we start sailing and as the business starts to ramp back up, we're going to be prudent in terms of adding back to our overhead. We have always run a relatively lean organization. But we will continue to try and err on the side of being lean until we get back to normalized levels. So...
Mark Kempa: Yes, I think when you look at '18 or '19, off those levels, the 1 piece you're really going to have to look at is what did we spend in marketing in those years? Because look, we've always said, on a net cruise cost basis, our costs are pretty normal. And when we do have fluctuations in our net cruise, we've always said it typically comes from marketing. And when we've spent that marketing, we've also garnered that significant yield uplift as well. So it's been accretive to the bottom line.  So I think when you're looking at that, try to figure out how to isolate that in the background, but I think '18 or '19 levels is reasonable when you take out some of the hurricane and storm noise from those years. And Cuba as well. Don't forget, we had some increased costs in '19.
Mark Kempa: Fred, it's Mark. So yes, I will say, on our last call, I think we were a little bit more hopeful than it panned out. A couple of things: number one, at that point, voyages were only suspended through June 30, and now we've added -- we're now suspended through October 31. So that's, obviously, put more pressure on our advanced ticket sale refunds that have been in the queue. So we did not -- we were not working capital positive in the quarter. Although when you look at the numbers, we were only roughly $100 million deficit. I think as we go forward, the biggest piece of our working capital is that ATS. And from an outflow standpoint, there's really not much more that we -- and from a cash standpoint, that we would have to refund. We have about $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion of ATS on the books as of the quarter, and roughly $800 million of that is in the form of future cruise certificates. So when you think about that, there's not a lot of cash outflow. And so from the inflow standpoint, we continue to take new bookings. We continue to collect deposit and final payments from customers. All the customers that we've referenced that are booking in 2021, they continue to deposit funds. So we would anticipate looking toward the tail end of the third quarter, fourth quarter being breakeven or positive on a working capital standpoint.
