Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Good morning, Harry. As you can imagine, today is not a happy day here at Norwegian headquarters for the obvious reasons, but we did believe that the circumstances were such that we had to reset expectations to take into account current booking environment. I don't want to get too far ahead of ourself and provide you yield guidance of the implied 2017 except to tell you that it is moderate. We believe we have taken into full account the environment that we're in. And so, the 2017 projections by definition have the effect of the flow-through and have the effect of more tempered expectations into the future. In terms of China, as my commentary just said, we continue to feel very good about China. Things are progressing well. The interest is high. Our pricing is fair. The way we've decided to engage with the travel agent community there is slightly different than the norm and is being well accepted. And so, our view on China has not changed; and, therefore, whatever variable was part of the prior guidance remains intact for China.
Frank J. Del Rio: The whole story on Caribbean for us is not one of market weakness, per se. Year-over-year, our ships are outperforming where they were this time last year. It's a recognition that the high expectations we had just aren't being met; and we believe that that is almost exclusively due to the heavy concentration of inventory in the weak period. And that's why we had previously announced that Norwegian Getaway was moving out of Miami and into the Baltic to take some of this pressure off of this key four-month or five-month period from mid-Q2 through very early Q4.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. I think you pretty much are clear on that. The Caribbean is performing strong. Year-over-year, it's better than it was this time last year. Our expectations were outsized and they didn't materialize.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. First quarter looks very, very strong. We're ahead in both price and load, as I said earlier. That statement holds true even for the first half. We're ahead in mid to high-single digits in pricing and slightly up on load. If you focus just on Q1, the load is even higher than just low-single-digits and the pricing is even stronger than mid-single-digits. So Q1, I think, under-highlights the strong overall product line of the NCLH brands because it's the quarter that has the least amount of Europe. Europe is the main driver of what's causing the downward revisions; and Q1 has very, very little Europe in it.
Frank J. Del Rio: The short answer is no, we're not seeing any evidence. But the reality is that the only evidence that we can actually get our hands around and quantify if there was one would be cancellations; and there has not been any uptick in cancellations. The unknown is always how many bookings would've taken place that haven't taken place because someone was concerned about Zika. Every event is either going to be a positive, a negative or a neutral. I think we can all agree that no one would dare make an argument that Zika is a positive. It's difficult to make an argument that's even neutral. So the question is if it's a negative, how bad a negative is it? And for that, I don't know, I can't quantify it. Our business remains strong. Our occupancies are in line with prior years. And our NPD's are up. Hopefully, this situation will be contained. Hopefully, it will not spread and the news outlets will stop covering it as much as they've had, at least here in South Florida. But it is having an effect, I believe, in our South American itineraries, as Wendy commented on. We do have quite a bit of capacity down there; and the situation there is more acute than it may be here in South Florida. And so, we are seeing softness in South America and we're having to do more of what we do in the marketplace to stimulate demand for folks to go there.
Frank J. Del Rio: Look, I think we recognize the degree of the restatement here. And so, we wanted to be straight down the middle what's our best guess based on what we're seeing today with a touch or a dose, if you will, of conservatism got to be on the safe side. But I don't want you to think that we're sandbagging numbers here. Because we're not. We think that the European environment is challenging. We're hopeful that it turns, and it will turn sooner or later. But given the magnitude and the number of events that have shaped the environment today, it is difficult to be very optimistic that things will turn around. Usually, when events would occur, they would be isolated. We saw the pattern repeat itself time after time. There would be a period of time when bookings would slow, cancellations would not tick up to any consequence. And after a few weeks when it was no longer a headline news, people would forget and we'd get back to normal and the healing process would commence. There's been no healing process in this environment because it's one after the other after the other after the other. When will it stop? Anyone's guess. We're assuming that whatever environment we have today continues into the booking period into 2017.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. No, Steve, we never – that I recall – we never mentioned or never discussed that the 2018 vessel would go to China. The 2018 vessel will go primarily to non-Caribbean North American itineraries. Basically, the same deployment that the Norwegian Joy was going to undertake before we decided to send Joy to China. It's the 2019 Breakaway Plus vessel that could go to China if we see that there is room for another vessel there.
Frank J. Del Rio: By the end of the year. As you know, 2019 vessel comes out in Q4 of 2019. And we have to give direction to the shipyard as to which version of a Breakaway Plus vessel to build; a version for the Western market or a version for the Chinese market.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. But we'll remain opportunistic. We'll remain vigilant. But we don't think that what we believe to be a short-term drop in the stock price ought to change our view of what to do with our free cash flow.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, look, we're taking into consideration the sluggishness that we're seeing in the European marketplace, primarily from our core North American consumer, and are projecting a very modest yield profile for those bookings to be made in 2017. The main driver of yield growth in 2017 will not be Europe. It'll be other destinations, which we have said remains strong; Alaska, Hawaii, Bermuda remains strong. The Caribbean remains strong on a year-over-year basis, just short of our high expectations.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. I think that's several times too much. We do expect European 2017 yields to drop from where they are in 2016, but not to that magnitude. But we really don't want to get into yield growth by region, by quarter, at this time. We will provide full guidance as we normally would during our Q4 commentary that will take place in early February.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. The whole issue, at least with us, is we had lost the expectation. So we want to reiterate that the actual performance of our vessels in the Caribbean, even with having more capacity there than we probably should, at least in the low season, is up year-over-year. We just thought it was going to be higher. And so, prior to the situation that evolved in Europe, we decided that it was best to move Getaway out and put her, as we said, in the Baltic because the Baltic has a nice short season, roughly four months; and in every possible environment that we've ever seen, easily outperforms the Caribbean during the same time period. But you've got to remember that in 2016, the capacity days for NCLH in the Caribbean was up some 15%, whereas it was down low-single digits for our competitors. In 2017, things reversed themselves. Perhaps a bit of a contrarian view, where NCLH's capacity in the Caribbean drops by 4.5%, while our two main competitors grow mid-single digits. So we think we've taken the risk out of the Caribbean also by rebalancing the deployment of our vessels on a seasonally-adjusted basis out of the weak Caribbean and into the high-yielding Baltic.
Frank J. Del Rio: Getaway is the only vessel that was there for two periods that you can compare year-over-year. In the prior year, she was doing Eastern Caribbean itineraries, which are typically higher yielding than the Western Caribbean that she's now doing. So on a pure year-over-year basis, not taking into consideration the itineraries, Getaway was slightly down. Escape, however, is higher in the Eastern Caribbean itineraries that she took over for Getaway. And so, you can make certain implications there that the Getaway drop is not so much Getaway itself, but because she was redeployed to the lower-yielding Western Caribbean.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Look, in Q4, load factors are about flat year-over-year as are NPDs, roughly flat, slightly down. 72% of the inventory is already booked for Q4, so there is still 30% of the inventory to book. We're seeing better pricing over the last four weeks or five weeks, so we think that that NPD has a chance of recovering a little bit. In terms of 2017, as I mentioned earlier, Q1 looks very, very strong; looks very, very strong both in load and in pricing compared to the same period last year. As you sneak into Q2, the load factor isn't as strong as Q1. We're, in essence, down slightly, down very low-single-digits in load; and in pricing, we're up. So for the first six months of 2017, the period of time where we have some level of significant bookings, pricing is up mid- to high-single-digits and load factor is just about flat. So, against those expectations, remember, we're comparing a revised, more conservative outlook for 2017 compared to where we were this time last year when we were bullish. So the fact that we're even with last year, a year where at this point in time we didn't know about all these bad things that were going to happen that affected the marketplace as it has, I think, is a good thing. Because the built-in expectations for performance are a lot less for 2017 than they were this time last year for 2016, even though 2017 is performing on par with 2016 in terms of load and up on pricing. Now there's still a lot of bookings to be made before Q1 and Q2 are over. But at least at this early point, we feel very good about Q1, primarily because there's very little Europe in Q1. I feel less confident about Q2. But because of what we've baked into Q2 and Q3, et cetera, for next year, in full recognition of the weakness that Europe is displaying today, we can make the statement that we make that our EPS growth next year ought to be in the 15% to 25% range above what we did this year.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. That's correct, Tim, because I don't see it as an issue in our other markets. We believe it's a seasonal situation. For example, on the positive side for the Caribbean, some time ago we decided to take Epic out of Europe in the winter and relocate her to Port Canaveral in the winter months; and she's doing fabulous. Load factor is up double-digits and NPDs are up double-digits for Epic versus where she was deployed in prior periods in Europe. It's part of the finding the right balance of where to put your ship so you can generate the highest yield, the highest returns and it's a moving target. You have to – the good thing about ships, they have propellers, they have rudders and you can move things around depending on how you see things developing. At one time, we thought that the Miami market was strong enough to handle two of our vessels; we now believe that we can generate better returns for ourselves if we move one of them seasonally to the highest yielding European itinerary, which is the Baltic.
Frank J. Del Rio: I haven't yet seen the North American customer make that call. It's a bit early, Greg. The peak booking window for North Americans to go to Europe is late Q3, certainly Q4. So a little bit early. But the point we'd like to emphasize is that we're not counting on it. We're assuming that the same set of factors that we see today continue well into the future; and, therefore, the 2017 numbers are what they're shaping out to be.
Frank J. Del Rio: It takes time, unless you want to just buy the business; and one of the things we don't want to do is to drop prices unnaturally. While we are hopeful that this European environment changes, we don't anticipate that it's going to change overnight. It will take some time to repair, assuming that there are no additional incidences to reopen the wound, so to speak. But remember that Europeans tend to book lower cabin categories. You tend to have to price the product lower to them; and then once on board, they spend a lot less on board. And so, unless you think what we have here is a permanent shift, where North Americans will not want to go to Europe to the degree that they are accustomed to – and I don't believe that for a moment, I believe this is a temporary situation, I just don't know how temporary it is – then you don't want to have that skewness. Remember, we don't have European-centric brands like our competitors do. And so, when you compare different sourcing mixes, you've got to take that in consideration.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, thanks, everyone, for your time and support. As always, we will be available throughout the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you.
Wendy A. Beck: And the other thing that I would just state is although for Q4 our Europe capacity is only 15%, it is skewed. So in October, we've got 32% of our capacity in Europe; still a significant amount there. And we've already called out the fact that we're going to have two of the large Oceania ships in the Caribbean. So, once they come out of Europe, we're absorbing the capacity in the Caribbean.
Wendy A. Beck: Yes. That is fair to say. And then the other thing I would just call attention to, again, is we're rolling over very strong numbers from the prior year at 7.4% yield growth.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, it's both. It's a couple of items there. So it's the Caribbean capacity adds, it's the European weakness; and then also we've called out that we're seeing some softness in our South American itineraries also that moderates our numbers for Q4. And again, as I just mentioned, 32% of our capacity in October is still in Europe.
Wendy A. Beck: So we recognize, Felicia, that we've got two of the – it's our two newest Norwegian ships, large ships side-by-side when most folks in the cruise industry move their assets to more premium itineraries; and our two ships were left here during the softer Caribbean sailing. So, again, we've fixed that for next year. But, unfortunately, it ended up being weaker for the two ships during the softer months. But, overall, we're seeing strength in the Caribbean.
Wendy A. Beck: We are assuming that it will be similar environment to what we're riding through this year. So obviously the unknown is how will Europe shape up. So we assumed conservatively that we'd be riding through similar circumstances to how 2016 has shaped up. No rebound or clawback is built into the numbers.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. Hi, Steve. So at this time, we are remaining consistent with the fact that we want to continue to de-lever to that 4 times leverage; and we plan to be repurchasing shares shortly thereafter.
Wendy A. Beck: Yes. Hi. Good morning. It does. So we are getting pricing premiums with those ships, in particular the Explorer.
Wendy A. Beck: And, Robin, I would add that we've seen strength in our other markets this year – Alaska, Bermuda, Hawaii, we've told you guys that – somewhere in the magnitude of high-single-digits up, but our European itineraries were high-single-digits down. So we've assumed a similar type environment where we'll see nice growth in other markets, ex-Europe, more moderate pricing in Europe as we go into 2017.
