Frank Del Rio: Thank you Andrea and good morning everyone. For those that have followed our company and the industry over the years, the second quarter of 2019 was certainly one that will be long remembered. In the case of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, the quarter will be remembered for our strategic itinerary optimization initiative which included our entry into the new European home port and the launch of our largest Alaska deployment to-date with Norwegian Joy making her North American debut and joining her incredibly successful sister ship, Norwegian Bliss in saving to the last frontiers. The North American launch of Norwegian Joy was a runaway success, generating over $2.5 billion media impression and further elevating Norwegian Cruise Line's already preeminent position in the all-important growing and high-yielding Alaska market.
Frank Del Rio: Sure. Thanks, Felicia. So Cuba happens what June 4th, June 5th. We put out a guidance range, our best estimate I think three days later maybe on the fourth day. And, obviously, it was a very fluid situation. We had estimated $0.35 to $0.45. And I think the important note I tend to keep a notice that roughly one-third of our Cuba sailings were our high-ends brands combined with Oceania and Regent and the remaining were Norwegian. So not only did we issue significant refunds through voyages I believe that were through September, we also canceled the remaining voyages for the year. So we -- number one first and foremost, we wanted to make sure that we were taking care of the customer. And as we move forward, Cuba can be thought about in two parts. There's the premium of that Cuba guest over a similar itinerary, which I think we have set traditionally is in the zone of 25 plus percent. But then there's the short-term impact, which is really the dilutive nature of having to redeploy that capacity in another short market and starting from a zero passenger base. So while we’re leaning on the high end right now, it is a short cruise market. We are seeing positive signs. We're not concerned and we're going to do everything in our power to improve that number. As we roll over to 2020, again I think it's very important to keep in mind that over 30% of that capacity with Cuba intensive high-end brand impact. So while we estimate right now that the impact is $0.20 to $0.25, it's early. We are going to strike hard to beat that. And, of course, we're always looking at our cost line to figure out, is there ways where we can mitigate. That’s something we never stopped doing.
Frank Del Rio: The other I would like to add impact, on a normal basis we wouldn't have had the Oceania and Regent ship at the Caribbean tier of operation to begin with. So it's a little bit not apples-to-apples to say well if you had always had to ships in the Caribbean without Cuba what would they have been. They would never been in the Caribbean. You don't put high-end vessels in the Caribbean basin in the peak summer months. It's just not where the best and highest use of vessels.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. Look we're still targeting -- we're still comfortable with double-digit earnings growth. And I can't comment on potential share repurchases in the future. That's purely up to our board but it's certainly something we're looking at.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. And the way they are spending money has evolved over time. We see greater spending on experiential activities such as short excursions, spa treatments, specialty restaurants and all those are high margin venue if you will and that's helping generate the year-over-year onboard revenue growth that Mark was talking about.
Frank Del Rio: Not overly concerned. Issues regarding Venice and big ship have been thrown around for the last decade or so. This year the issue has risen or the volume has risen a bit because of one incident in Venice, this spring in one year incident. And so there are factions within the broad Italian bureaucracy that we want to see some controls over. Big-big ships going to Venice are going down the main canal rather versus others who will understand clearly the economic impact that any kind of restriction of cruise customers would having on the abroad Venetian economy. We have 70 calls in 2019 and about the same number scheduled for 2020 that call on Venice. Half of them are from our Oceania and Regent brands who operate small vessels, who are not it's all impacted by the rhetoric that you're hearing. And there are several alternative berth in and around a Venice that should it come down the to the bigger ships not being able to embark and disembark guests in the same places they do today that are alternatives that can work for the industry. We don't quite frankly expect to see any major changes in the near term. But this is governments, and governments can do anything they want to do. 
Frank Del Rio: Well, unlike 2019 where we took delivery of no new ships, 2020 we have in essence a full year benefits of Encore, our newest biggest vessel in the Norwegian fleet. And we have 10 months of Regent Splendor, which will be the by far the highest yielding ship in our fleet and possibly in the industry at the 26% increase in the capacity for the Regent fleets. And as I said earlier she's ahead -- not only is of the ship ahead of any newbuild that Regent has ever introduced, but the brand itself is ahead in load considerably versus this time last year and in pricing. So, those two should be good drivers of yield in their individual brands. Remember the yield conundrum that we have at the each level with big ship coming in from the Norwegian brand that generates incredible EBITDA, incredible cash flow, incredible net income but often times it's dilutive to the corporate yield. So this is where we stress to the analyst community, the investor community that you want to look at our bottom line growth and our top line growth, but don't get hung up on yield growth necessarily, because sometimes it gives you a false indication of what the strength of the business is.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. Look we are refocusing our allocation strategy. We've said we always wanted to have a balanced approach. But look, we’re trading at record lows, we're trading at eight times forward earnings, which is just a tremendous buying opportunity. So we are not taking dividends off the table. I want to make that very clear, but when you look at the best way to deploy your capital today at today's share prices, it just makes more sense. So we will continue to evaluate that with our board at each quarter and we'll advise you accordingly.
Frank Del Rio: I think if you go backwards to 2017, 2018 and 2019, there would be more blue than black, because in prior years there were less ships going to China, less ships going into the national brands that we discussed and the expedition market almost didn't exist. Going forward, I would expect if I had 2022, 2023, 2027 in there, my guess is that probably would be roughly 50/50, no worse than 45/55 going the other way. So it's going to stay relatively flat I believe. Again capacity growth is an overblown metric that at this point and everyone's involvement in the industry I can't believe it's still out there. This is a grossly underpenetrated industry, less than 4% of the world has cruised, less than 2% of the world spend on hospitality, they spend on cruises. There are more hotel rooms in Orlando and Las Vegas combined than there are cabins in the world cruisely. I don't know how many more examples I have to give you. We take on 26% growth in one particular brand and it's full at higher prices. So find some other excuse because this one is just not a good one to focus on.
Frank Del Rio: All right. Thanks everyone. This concludes today's call. And as always very thankful for your time and your support. I'll see you next quarter.
Mark Kempa: If I just may add, Felicia that as we look to mitigating impact of Cuba in 2020. There are two items that we’re hopeful. It can be better than what we are estimating today and that is the redeployment of the Oceania vessels to the Mediterranean, Eastern Mediterranean, Southeast Asia and the back half of 2020 and how well Norwegian Sun performance in Alaska. It will be our third consecutive year of double digit growth in the Alaska market. On one hand it shows you how bullish we are in the Alaska market. We think of that we've got the best product mix there and believe that this introduction is slightly different type of product, smaller vessel, more itinerary intensive that will do well. Any itinerary has the potential to match Cuba yields, it's Alaska.
Mark Kempa: Yes. I think the point is that, again a lot of the -- this is a short cruise market. We have some visibility, but it's a close-in booking window. We are not something right now, but we are seeing positive signs that hopefully we can beat that.
Mark Kempa: I think Harry you're probably a little bit light there. I think if you refer to slide 9 on our deck, if Cuba and the Pearl which is the combined impacts of $0.52 have not happened, we would have guided in the zone of $5.52 to $5.62 or a $5.57 midpoint. That would have been -- a year-over-year growth on roughly 2.5% capacity growth for us this year. 
Mark Kempa: No. No. We -- look Cuba is an impact and we really took it on the chin hard with the upper brand. So the fact that they are either sailing in the Caribbean or they're doing some other exotic itineraries, we can't absorb all of that. But again had Cuba and itself had not changed, we would have been looking at a 13% year-over-year EPS growth. 
Mark Kempa: Yes. I think, I see what you were saying. So we said that we are assaying $0.45 impact from Cuba. I think if you parse that out there is roughly $0.10 to $0. 12 of that is really onetime operating costs and the nature of port obligations that we have to extend an incremental marketing expense. So if you take that out and that gets you into the $0.35 zone, that's all your revenue impact. And then what - the way to think about that is, that's combining the true premium of the Cuba itinerary versus an alternative itinerary, but in that there's also the piece that is the dilution because you have quick sailings on starting from a base of 0 in a very short sales cycle. So I think when you rolled out over to an annualized basis that's where you get to our $0.20 to $0.25 impact.
Mark Kempa: Well yes. Thanks Steve. I think, first of all, yes you're right we’re targeting about 4.5% if we excluded those items. And that actually represents I think just under a half a point of increase for the full year, but more importantly it also represents almost a half a point of increase in the back half of the year. So I wouldn't say that there’s really been any big delta. We've been continuing to see strength in all of our core markets and we're seeing it's a strong robust demand environment. In terms of onboard revenue, I think we delivered on the face of our financial statements, roughly a 5.5%. And as I say every quarter if you take away the GAAP allocation due to our transfer pricing that number is really closer to about 10% or 11% on a normalized basis. Now a good significant portion of that is driven from the Joy and that accounts for about half of that. So if you strip that out, we're still looking at the zone of 5% to 6% of solid onboard growth. So the consumer is alive and well, they're spending money, they're spending significant amounts on board. Our ATF continues to be up double digits, I thank were up over 11% or 12% on 6% capacity growth in the same period, and we're reselling tons of future cruise certificates on board as I always say. So we see a very healthy consumer who’s willing to spend money.
Mark Kempa: It's never one thing. The incredible hardware we have in Alaska certainly helped for Norwegian brand. The fact that we have an improved terminal in Seattle, I think the itineraries that we deliver with our Glacier Bay which is the number 1 graded destination in Alaska as you might know, we put the press release out the U.S. park department just issued us the largest number of permits for the next 10 years for our ships to visit Glacier Bay. All of that contributes to a buzz in a marketplace. Travel agents understand that the Norwegian brand would be -- with the observation lounge that we have on Joy and Bliss which is perfect for Alaska cruising; all the high-tech gear that we have on board that the young kids love and as you know the Alaska season coincides with summer vacation for children. There are cruises onboard, Joy and Bliss that have over 1400 children onboard and they are driving all this. And so, there is a great buzz out there about do you want to go to Alaska? You go on Norwegian Cruise Line.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Thanks Jared. First on the pricing, no, we do not use the spot rate. We consistently use the forward curves for both U.S. Goldcoast 3% for our heavy fuel oil and we use the gas oil curve as a proxy for MGL. So again, we are taking into account at any given time what the future slopes of the curves look like, at that point in time of the market. In terms of more guidance in 2020, yes we have said it's roughly 6% to 7%. I -- translated that into dollars, you're probably looking somewhere in the zone of, I would say 18% to 20% in terms of dollars over this year, somewhere in that zone think would be a good guide for you to think about. 
Mark Kempa: While -- we've always said double-digit earnings growth. I am not going to elaborate on what that specific number means. But obviously, you are correct. You can calculate back into what our ROIC has to do and we have some work cut out for us. With the Cuba issue that comes right off the top and we have to find offsets for that so. We have to work a bit harder, but as I said in my commentary we're still on a strong path toward meeting targets and we are marching to that end.
Mark Kempa: Nothing will -- they initiate a dividend when the price of the stock the multiple, more than the price of the stock the multiple, reflects what it should reflect. The fundamentals of this business, of this industry, all the benefits that this industry has that I don't believe the broader investment community is taking into account because if it did, the multiple of our industry and of our company specifically would be significantly greater than today.
Mark Kempa: Yes, I think we always talked about 2020 that we should be able to achieve some cost leverage just from our scale benefit. When you look at dry docks, I think our dry dock days are slightly up next year. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We do have a lengthy dry dock for the Norwegian Spirit in the Q1. So I think we’ve said consistently, we’re going to have about 8 to 10 dry docks per year as our fleet -- some of the bigger ships get into their 5-plus years of age. But in terms of costs we are leveraging. We are going to continually -- it's not something we do when there is a winner’s pressure on the business. Every day we are looking at where we can find efficiencies and where we can now leverage our scale. And we do that in the name of not impacting the brand, not impacting the customers and not impacting the quality of the product we are delivering. So we're certainly focused on that and we're going to work hard to continually push on that front. 
Mark Kempa: Yes, it's really just a function of some of the Pearl that happened this year and then you have some shifting and I optimization of dry docks in next year. So it's just fine tuning of our deployment.
Mark Kempa: Yes, so first on Encore, so Encore this year, if you keep in mind I think she is sailing for about -- about five sailings this year. Two of those sailings are holiday sailings, the other three are really what we call shoulder holiday period sailings which frankly speaking, don't do that well. But as you look forward into Encore in our Caribbean season she is pricing well. She is doing -- again our best Caribbean book to shipped. And at this stage I think what we see right and in the first quarter or so she's going to be somewhere in line with our corporate average yields. If you recall Bliss in Q4 of 2018 exceeded our corporate average yield, so we are very hopeful that and we have a good visibility that I think Encore can do the same. Now she rotates out of the Caribbean into Bermuda for the summer selling season so well that will be a little bit of a shift in dynamic. But again, very powerful engine. And in terms of relevant capacity, are we pulling that number? I'm sorry for 2019 relevant capacity, we look at about 35% and the remainder is not relevant. There's a lots -- and in that relevant capacity there's quite a bit of shifts that are in Asia/China that we believe we don't compete with. 
