Kevin Sheehan: Yes, it’s a great question. And the excitement to me is that while we’ve started to see some real traction on booking levels. And I would say for the last at least 12-weeks, we’ve had substantial growth year-over-year in our booking activity, probably close to 20% or more. And what that initiative has enabled us to do as you can imagine the revenue management tools that we have, having a better loaded position and we go into the remainder of the third quarter and the fourth quarter solidly loaded above the prior year, which enables us to be more capable of moving the pricing and protecting the pricing as we get closer to the sailing. So I think we have more confidence than I’ve had for a while as I look into the outlook. I think you guys know that we’ve had a very unusual environment for the beginning of this year. I feel like we are, it’s cautiously optimistic we’re starting to feel better. We still have more to see before we can say, we’ve won the whole things, the Caribbean environment, still a little bit promotional. But a little bit less in my view than what it has been, but we’ll probably continue it for a while as we regurgitate the market size as been the case in other market over the years. And what happens is the consumer sees the market, the travel agents points more to the market, marketing campaigns move to the market and all of a sudden the market is right-sized. And then we have to watch-out for what’s the next market that we have. This is a certainly more than what I have experienced since I came to the company as a concentration particularly with the ship that came out of nowhere from MSC, a brand new ship. But we feel now that we have a better position and we’re selling our ships out consistently. So it’s a good feeling. And we too feel better about our pricing. And I think the touching on the pricing and the cost of sale and we’ve done some phenomenal work throughout the last, well, actually we’ve always been doing it but it’s more evident now when we have the two big ships and we have the other orders that we can walk into a room and negotiate some pretty solid deals. So, the run rates that you see are the run rates that we expect prospectively, it’s not like it’s a one-time wonder. So, we feel pretty confident with that as well.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. I mean, this is a Kevin Sheehan thing, and I store the opportunity with this, when we launched the Breakaway it was a solid ship, solid results and good guest satisfaction. But when we took and suddenly changed a few things on Getaway, we launched a ship that’s got phenomenal guest satisfaction. You cannot walk on that ship and not get everybody to grab you and say, I can’t believe this ship and this experience. So, given some of the stuff that happened as you see the fuel is coming in, we’d certainly in a different place, in the industry on our fuel cost. So it enables us to say, let’s step back, we have this opportunity, let’s invest in making sure that all of the learning from Getaway are pushed out to the other ships. And I got to tell you, I’m very excited about it. We have a team of people that are pushing these out in every ship across the itineraries and I expect to see a nice bump in our guest satisfaction. And it’s really a third quarter, it moderates quite a bit in the fourth quarter but we figured let’s make sure we take advantage now or the iron is hot to get over this stuff out into the fleet. And that’s kind of what you’ve been hearing in our script in the earlier part of the call.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, it’s not only the food offerings it’s how we interact with the guests. We’ve invested a little bit more in what we have on the ships from a human resource person that is dedicated on this ship. We’ve added some trainers, we want to make sure that we are continuously reinvesting in our teams and giving them relevant timely training. And we’ve just finished our survey. And one of the things that we learnt and we are in the top 25% of connects of leading companies. So that was great news. But the one area that we felt that it shows that we could learn from it is some of the over side of the crew and how do we develop them, how do we show them their career paths, how do we embrace them so some of that is training that we are undertaking right now. And also, we’re putting some incremental dollars into investing in some smart marketing that we believe will be different. And you’ll see some of the initiatives we’ll be announcing in coming days. So, we’re excited about all the prospects and the learnings and believe that this will position us, the pain inflicted on this industry over the last couple of years including what we’ve seen before this year. I believe it’s going to be the huge opportunity for the industry if we continue to keep our heads down, run the business smartly, the value proposition is incredibly important. And as the consumers come back and they will, you’re going to see that the ability to start to navigate from a pricing standpoint.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, the Caribbean capacity and you had phenomenal lease successful charter in the first quarter in the Bud Light Hotel. So, we are lapping a few of those things. So we just need to really carefully articulate the 15 quarter-by-quarter so that you guys understand how the pricing power will be in 2015, which we believe for the year would be solid.
Kevin Sheehan: That actually is across the board. So that is the comforting thing. I don’t know if we took on too much with the two new ships so close together and we kind of miss – I think a little bit of what has happened is a little and I blame me, a little bit of the miss, understatement of what we needed to do. But we’ve got it now, we’ve got the business, we’ve got the marketing and the sales, the entire organization is rallied around this bigger company. And the good comforting thing now is that as we grow in the future, we had 18 months between Getaway and the Escape. And we were 18 months between Escape and the ship after that. So, we’ve allowed ourselves so much extra time to make sure we navigate through these things very carefully and having learned a little bit from taking two ships within 7 months kind of thing. And that’s my fault, we had a May of 2014 delivery and then I started to get anxious about wanting to get the spring vacation and then it was President’s week and then we had the opportunity to do the Bud Light Hotel. So you can understand how we pushed it up a bit. But at the end of the day that’s behind us and now we’ve got those learnings to help us lookout into the future.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I hate to say too much about it because it’s a little early. But we are feeling better about the Caribbean. And the first quarter is a little bit complicated. But once you get past that the pricing looks very good for us in all of our itineraries including Caribbean.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I think you have to just step back and it would be what is, the yield guidance for the next quarter is take that number and the, as what we talked about for the third quarter which is 200 basis points. So, we would have been about 4.5% had it not been, you have to look at the fleet and then add in the new ship that happens to be something as we’ve said from the beginning you have to look at it on a 12-month basis. But the summer season is not the premium time for that ship in Miami to the Caribbean but over the 12 months it make upward. But in that third quarter, it pulls down our pricing in the premium itineraries because of its weight coming into the fleet. So, I would say look at it that way because you’re still showing for and changed pricing in the third quarter so, if it wasn’t for that entry into the market.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, that’s a great question. And it is, we touched on hopefully is that this is sustainable things that we’ve gone this is not a one off that you see as revert back in the following quarter. And the big macro thing, so some of the opportunities we’ve got, because of we are gaining scale. And using that leverage and these four ships and say, you want us to be part of it. And you could have seen that with some of the stuff that we had done in the past. Without all these big new ships, Wendy, maybe take him through a little bit more specifically.
Kevin Sheehan: By the way, we hired the guys that we’re in the Port of New York, and he’s an excellent hire. He was offered positions with several other companies but wanted to come work with us. But he’s been a very big plus for us because he knows the nuances. He knows all the relationships throughout the entire court. And he’s been a very, very good hire for us.
Kevin Sheehan: So, if you go back in time, when we first came in here, our credit card agreement was very expensive and it was naturally expensive because of the size of the business and the history of the business. And they also had financial holds on our cash because of the situation of the company. So, we’ve evolved from that case to a case where we now can drive to the best pricing by going to other players who say, this is a first class organization, do you want our business. So, we’ve been able to take advantage of that as well. I hate to get into too much of this detail, because as you know, it becomes fodder for everybody else in the industry.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, sure. And remember when we announced the program we did say was we had two pronged approach, one was to take out inventory in the market, when we thought it was opportunistic. And the other was if there was a selling event that we could piggyback on that so that we weren’t leading it and we were giving them ability. But if they were doing it, we could just kind of comment last minute and piggyback. So hopefully that’s still the case. Now the thing is, the stock performance these guys are, they know where the business is going and so they’re saying we’re not going to sell at these levels, which is unfortunate in one respect because that keeps that consequence of not knowing when they’re selling out there. But there are proponents of the business in the future of our organization. So there, I can’t get a clear answer from anybody of course. But each player, you saw it even with TPG, they didn’t even sell in the last time that we did have an offering because they weren’t happy with the stock price. So, I think what you will see is, over time when the stock will take care of itself over time because of the power of our earnings and our management team, of course we’re frustrated with the stock price but we’re in this for the long-term, I’ve never even thought about selling the share at these levels personally ominous to drive the value that I know it’s coming in, in the out years. So, it’s a frustration to the stock prices the way that we can’t control that. We’re doing our best to deliver on our results. We hope that people will, as they’re public now is almost 50% of the shareholder base. But that at some point, three different players become just big holders in everybody’s view. And I wish I could tell you more and you never are going to get a clear answer from any of them, which is of course logical.
Kevin Sheehan: We could give you some, maybe what we could do is give you some dollar change or something, I mean, I don’t want to not be responsive but we don’t want to get too clear since we only are one brand as you know. So, after the call we can give you a little bit of color.
Kevin Sheehan: But at certain times, in Hawaii as an example when air cost and we can go and negotiate air cost that we may try to do a bigger percentage of our business through that program. So this nuance is that it happens depending on the outlook.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I mean, one thing I could tell you is, the guys have been moving the pricing, especially wherever the sailings look like they are being sold at a reasonable pace. The one thing I could do is mandate and we’ll see how this works. We of course, if we have to we’ll roll it back. But I two weeks ago mandated a 3% price increase on every sale and on every ship on meadow. And so it’s been rolling for a couple of weeks. We’re still seeing good volumes. So I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to keep that into the market and then continue to navigate. We just need to start to take conviction in our product and move our pricing. And I can fight with the revenue management guys forever but at some point you have to say guys, let’s do it and let’s believe in ourselves and let’s see what happens. And that’s where we are right now.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I think in the second quarter it’s double-digit I think. When you look across the four ships that we have in Europe in the third quarter the pricing is up above 10%. And remember I know everybody is talking about this like its Nirvana but this is also a horrible 2013 for the industry as everybody knows. So it’s a recovery, to me it’s a big opportunity and ‘15 if the world starts to get a little bit more normalized.
Kevin Sheehan: I’m not sure I followed the question. But as far as the premiums on the two new ships as well as Epic, when you look at them across the 12 months and do the 12 months of pricing and compare it to another ship in that itinerary it drives a double-digit premium. The only caveat I would have on that is the couple of the sailings we’re – worst of the time in the second quarter where you had to put on people with a little bit less price then you had a little bit less of a comprise on your onboard experience because as you could imagine, if it’s a bigger ticket item to a family they’re not going to spend as much onboard. So I think the check the box we got through the onboard the second quarter fine but I could see a little bit of that. And that’s why it’s important for us to make sure we’re bringing in the right guests on the right ships at the right time to ensure that the other part of the proposition is onboard revenue continues to drive the double-digit premium as well as across the 12 months.
Kevin Sheehan: No, I think it is, it’s a whole litany of things that happened between now and as you get out to the second half of next year, with economic indicators and people are completely forgotten all of this noise in the industry back to looking at this is a phenomenal vacation experience. And the useful statistics about April who were reluctant to take a cruise because of all the noise, and that – the consumer’s memory is very short and we are very hopeful that as we get out into next year and we continue to showcase the proposition that we have in the other grants as well that we as a unified – not sure unified but as a complete industry, I believe we have the opportunity to start to move back into the pricing categories that we should be at. And we didn’t have this year because of this shock to the system in the Caribbean.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. So, we’re going to continue to watch that very carefully to be honest. And it gets back to the same thing with the number of ships we have and we compete with brands that have so many ships than us that we still are able to stay in itineraries that we feel comfortable with and have a better control over the outcome and knowing with certainty that we can drive the measured orderly growth. Having said that, we are looking at a ship at some point that’s going to go over say, maybe period of time in Australia, New Zealand kind of thing. But will then it continue to navigate that and when we announce it, it’s probably not going to come with the next itinerary announcement but they are after. We probably want to be sure that when we look at that we know what the right asset is because I think that is an important point is the old days you would put an older asset over there is that going to make it work, that’s as market gets more interesting they may be looking for more interesting ships. So, we’ll continue to monitor that very carefully and as we always said, when we go over to that market we have a lot of bandwidth already with the sailing efforts that we have in place today with the training centers that we have in Asia and all the rest of it. So, we know we can walk in and be pretty comfortable with our success. But it still looks like the opportunities that we have here are more certain. So, I guess that’s what I would say about that.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure. Steven, we long enough to know that we’re always thinking about capital allocation and how do we optimize what we can do for our shareholders. And we are constantly looking to make sure we’ve got the right balance in each of the buckets. As far as selling an older ship, we don’t have any old ships. So we’re different than the other companies in that. Our average age is so much less than the other guys. And when you look at the ships that are the oldest in our fleet, which are 12 or 13 years old, they work perfectly in the itinerary that we have them if you take as an example, our three and four-day Miami ship, it’s the youngest ship by far in the market. It competes very effectively. To people who take that experience love it. It’s a typical, people get on a Friday, you have a party weekend, get off on Monday morning and then we expose families that are in many cases first time cruisers to our products. So that ship works really well there. So, and that’s our oldest ship. So you get into the thing of saying okay, what would you sell. And then, there are brokers that have been talking to us as you would expect saying, hey, what about this ship. So, we have attractive ships for people and then the question is, do you want to – do you want to dispose that ship as we are so much older than the other guys. And then what happens, as you do the mathematics, and you look at the returns that we drive are no ships then the sky is the perfect example. The ticking yield is a little lower. But it is so much more efficient because of the fuel, it’s almost like you go out away from people being able to see where land is. And you kind of stick around in that area, and you don’t have a big shovel on the ship, so you don’t have that big entertainment expense. It’s just behaves as a party kind of vacation experience and people are running around on those short cruises and they don’t want to spend their evening in the theater. So, there are many reasons why on a return basis as the ships sound smart. So, that’s kind of what have been the push-back for me as these guys come to us and look at our ships and want to think about us selling them. So, we will keep it on the in our view but we want to be smart too because we want to drive EPS.
Kevin Sheehan: And I really thank everyone for your time and support. We really look forward to next quarter give you another chance to see how we operate through this environment. We’re always available if anybody has any questions, feel free to call Andrea, Wendy or myself. And thanks for your time this morning. Take care.
Wendy Beck: Yes, I think we’re feeling good overall about ‘15, most of the pressure we’re looking at is in Q1 as we talk about with the Caribbean capacity still.
Wendy Beck: Sure. We have very aggressively gone after all of our port agreements and looks at it with more of a worldwide land. And combining all of the services in the port and looking at how can, we lower those costs. And then, in turn pass those on to our consumers.
Wendy Beck: I also would add that we’ve continued to expand our casino players by expanding different channels. Those are typically lower cost channels for us but it gives the customer the opportunity to upgrade their cabins which, puts more revenue up in the top line with little to know cost of sale. So we benefited from that and expanded relationships. The other thing that I had touched on in my commentary was the fact that we did a lot of air packages in the prior year. And we have moved away from doing the air packages in 2014. And credit card processing that’s the other one is we aggressively went and renegotiated our credit card agreement which was way overdue which also benefits our costs of sales line.
Wendy Beck: So, for Alaska this year, our most robust market obviously has been Europe and that’s the one that I touched on. But Alaska is doing well. This is the second year that we had the three ships in there the Sun being the newest one, looks significantly better than it did, it’s first year noble year last year and to Alaska. But overall we’re pleased with how Alaska has shaped up this year.
Wendy Beck: Yes, the thing that I would add there is that we’re one of the cruise lines that actually has two ships year round. So we also benefit from that in Q4 with significant pricing and load increases on rigorous selling.
