Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. As you know, we recently announced a major order for the next generation of ships for the Norwegian Cruise Line brand, extending our long-term growth profile to at least 2025. This four ship order expresses capacity increases smoothly from 2022 through 2025 with an option for two additional ships to be delivered in 2026 and 2027. Each ship will be 140,000 gross tons, accommodate approximately 3,300 guests, around built upon the highly successful Freestyle offerings found on Norwegian's most recent Breakaway Plus Class Ship. The addition of these vessels will allow us to substitute newer state-of-the-art vessels with a richer state room mix to our premium destinations, which in turn will allow us to redeploy existing vessels to other domestic and international home port, where we currently do not have a presence. In addition, the size of these vessels provides an optimal balance between deployment flexibility and earnings potential, allowing us to add new ports of call worldwide while maintaining a strong return profile with a payback of roughly five years, in line with our most recent newbuild. In addition, these ships have very attractive financing, with fixed interest rates for the first two vessels averaging 2.7% and the second two vessels at 1.25%. The expansion of our newbuild pipeline will drive meaningful revenue growth and will be accretive to both earnings per share and ROIC, further solidifying the key metrics that drive the financial success of our business. I know we've covered a lot of material on today's call, and I'd like to take time now to answer your questions. So, Nicole, please open up the call for questions.
Frank J. Del Rio: Hi, Felicia. So, yes. Look, several headlines here. First one is that business has been very, very strong, as strong as we've seen it in a long, long time during the last eight-week period, and even sneaking into a little bit into Q4 of last year. So I think what my prepared statement said is, should that trend continue, we ought to see the back half inventory sell at higher prices than what already sold for that back half of sailings. Remember that we have yet to lap, or yet to fully lap, the negative impact of all the cumulative effects of the geopolitical events that we saw throughout last year. A lot of the business that's on the books today was booked during that stressful time. And so as we come out of that and I think we have come out of it, and business continues to improve and pricing continues to move up, the blended pricing of those sailings when they actually take place should be higher than they are today.
Frank J. Del Rio: We have not extrapolated what we have seen the last eight weeks into the rest of the unsold inventory.
Frank J. Del Rio: No, that's an easy one, because all three brands, and therefore at the H (28:35) level, are all performing extremely well in Europe. High tide floats all boats so to speak, and this is the case now. So the Explorer continues to do incredibly well, no question the highest yielding ship in the industry, but the rest of the fleet, whether it's an Oceania or a Norwegian vessel or other Regent vessels, are all doing very well, as I said earlier. Pricing has been very strong the last eight weeks, double digits, with Mediterranean itineraries leading the way. The Med last year took the biggest bow, and this year it's taking the largest increase.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, and I think the big difference is that our company has a good portion of their inventory, of their capacity, with the PCH fleet that has a completely different pricing profile than the Norwegian fleet. The Norwegian new vessels still garner double-digit yield growth compared to the legacy fleet on a like-to-like basis, and we've said repeatedly that we expect the Joy to bring home prices 20% higher than the Norwegian's average. Still, based on the corporate yield, it is around a push. It is not expected to increase yields significantly, although it does increase revenue tremendously, and earnings per share tremendously. So what we're trying to get across is, focus on revenue growth, focus on earnings per share growth, because for us, yield growth is a secondary story, not the primary.
Frank J. Del Rio: I think you hit the primary nail on the head when you said that supply growth is very much tempered this year versus last year. Supply is actually up, but up only 9% in Shanghai, where our vessel will be deployed, versus nearly 100% this time last year. So the factors of supply and demand are well in place in China, like it is everywhere else in the world. But yes, we have in addition to the fact that we believe that the market this year in China is more stable, it's one more year of maturity, et cetera. We do have provisions for exactly what you mentioned and it's all baked into our yield guidance.
Frank J. Del Rio: The Caribbean is good. Caribbean is strong. We have some sailings in Q3 (sic) [Q1] that include Cuba, and we said that we've enjoyed meaningful premium pricing on those sailings, which has helped. We also have the Explorer in the Caribbean, which has performed very, very well. So it's never one thing. It's a combination of factors, but overall, the Caribbean is strong.
Frank J. Del Rio: You know, when business is good, it tends to be good in multiple areas, in multiple channels, and that's what we're seeing. So clearly, the North American consumer is more engaged this year, and we expect it to continue to be engaged as the year moves along, versus what happened last year in the geopolitical arena. And so the pressure for us to source away from North America is lessened. As a result of this lessening pressure, the pricing that we're garnering for international source business has also improved. So in 2017, we expect our international business, ex-Joy, to be up about 10%. So we are sourcing more in international markets than we did in 2016, but the good news is we're not having to do it out of stress. We're doing it in a position of strength, because the North American market, which is the tempo-setter, so to speak, is doing so well. So pricing overall is also finding its way into our international source market.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. The first competitive pressure always comes from within, so in 2016, both the Oceania brand and the Regent brand took on new capacity. We don't have that this year, although in the case of Regent, it does lap for half a year in the case of the Sirena, and Oceania, it laps for about eight months. So in our own world, capacity has been somewhat tempered, but no, I look – 2017 is much better booked across all destinations. Booking the last eight weeks have been at significantly higher prices than the prior year. Overall pricing is still below where it was this time last year for the upscale brands, but clearly as the year progresses and we start lapping the erosion that took place last year, and if business continues to perform as it has in the last eight weeks, that gap will shorten. But what the status is today on a year-over-year basis, and compare that to how it ended last year, is a very different story as we go through the booking cycle. Look, capacity in the upscale area has always been lumpy, because there are so few brands, so few ships, but it is not grotesquely outside the – if I recall, the growth in 2016 was some 14%, moderating to a CAGR of something in the neighborhood of 6% for the 2019 to 2022 period. That's not a whole lot different than what we see in the more contemporary space. So I'm not too worried about it. And some of those ships, quite frankly, that have been talked about in the 2019-2022 period, I'm not sure they ever come to fruition.
Frank J. Del Rio: And on international sourcing, the 10% is we expect international sourcing ex-Joy in terms of revenue to be up 10%.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, so $30 million is what we said our total SG&A spending including marketing and sales initiatives will be in 2017. My guess is that that'll be the run rate through 2018, and as 2019 approaches, that likely will go up when the additional inventory arrives in China.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Well, listen, we're very impressed with what Carnival announced a few weeks ago. We think it's a step in the right direction, and we're certainly going to be keeping an eye on customer acceptance and to see whether it moves the needle. We have had a program, an app – a mobile app that accomplishes some of the things that this newer technology tries to accomplish, so we're going to be continuing to focus on the app that we have out there. It's proven to be pretty popular with our guests, and enhancing it in ways that allows us to do a lot of what the other technology tries to accomplish perhaps at a lower cost. Second, as you may know, we recently launched a digital bidding platform that allows guests to upgrade their staterooms, and that is very much incremental to yield. And lastly, we've done a pretty good job, we think, of building technology into the Norwegian Joy with many virtual reality features. That is resonating very, very well in the Chinese marketplace and we think is one of the reasons why Norwegian Joy is booking as well as it has, that we are studying to see if we can leverage the concepts across other vessels in the fleet.
Frank J. Del Rio: I mentioned in my prepared notes that the last eight weeks' pricing is up double digits. I'd like to leave it at that.
Frank J. Del Rio: Jared, let me make it clear. We have not interpolated, we have not implied in our 1.75% guidance that what we've seen in the last eight weeks will continue, so it's zero. Zero influence, yeah.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. It's up for the first half. Load is up high-single digits. Pricing is up mid-single digits. For the second half of the year, load is again up very high-single digits. And as I mentioned earlier, pricing is slightly down, but improving rapidly.
Frank J. Del Rio: Hi, Stephen (50:11). On the on-board side, we saw some weakness in on-board revenue in October of Q4, and almost miraculously right after the election, when I think the euphoria began, on-board revenues have been strong. They were strong in November and December, and continued through January, so we're hopeful that trend also continues. In terms of sourcing, we've said in the past that we think we have an outside opportunity to gain market share by doing a better job of mining our own past guests. Certainly at the Norwegian brand, we've seen past guests come back to the Norwegian brand up 13% since 2015, and we expected that trend to somewhat moderate, but still be in the mid- to high-single digits in 2017, and so we focused our marketing because we know who they are, we know where they live. We have all their contact information. And we think that's a very efficient source of additional sourcing for us.
Frank J. Del Rio: And in terms of the pricing and the yield and the unsold inventory, look, demand is better across the board. It's better from North America. It's better from the international source market. Europe, which was the underperformer last year, is doing significantly better. Our guidance, to be specific, again, does not take in consideration what we've seen in the last eight weeks. Eight weeks does not make an entire year. We've seen that movie before about this time last year, so we're being cautious about that. What we said about the European theater bookings, and we said it last quarter, was that we were going to assume that 2017's pricing for Europe would be the same as how it ended in 2016. And that's about how it was through most of Q4. In late Q4, we saw a pickup, and as I said in my opening statements, the Mediterranean has really outperformed all other destinations in the last eight weeks. So should it continue, then we would see an up in pricing, an up in yields, but it's a big should.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, so on the yield side, you're correct. As of today, excluding Joy, which comes in later this year, we have two more Breakaway Plus Class vessels coming in 2018 and 2019 for the Norwegian brand, and we have the four vessels that we just announced for the Norwegian brand starting in 2022, and we only have one small 750-passenger ship coming for the upscale brands in late 2019 or early 2020. So you can see that the inventory is skewing greatly towards the Norwegian brand, and as the Norwegian brand adds more vessels, even though those vessels generate tremendous cash flow, great profitability, very, very accretive to earnings per share, a ton of revenues to the top line, if you're only focusing on yield growth, then it will be a number that is less than spectacular because this is no longer a yield growth story. This is all about earnings per share growth, revenue growth, and the yield growth is still important. We want to grow yield, and we will grow yield, but it's not what to focus on. It's all about the mix of our brands, mix of our ships within those brands. And in terms of the China, yeah, like anything else, China is a startup for us, so we expect to have higher costs as we enter the market for the first time in 2017 on a per-berth basis than we expect to incur in 2018 and 2019 as more capacity is added to that marketplace.
Frank J. Del Rio: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for your time and support. And as always, we will be available to answer your questions later in the day. Thanks again.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure, that's a great question. Thank you. So due to the mix of our portfolio brands, as we bring on Norwegian newbuilds, which are highly accretive to both revenue and earnings, their yields are slightly dilutive to our corporate average, which includes our higher yield brands that make up approximately a third of our gross revenue. In other words, the addition of a new Norwegian vessel which has yields lower than the corporate average inherently dilutes yields. In addition, in 2017 we are also annualizing both the Explorer and Sirena to include the non-peak season. We also do not have the benefit from the Getaway charter, which garnered a significant yield premium in the third quarter of 2016. So again, I'd just reiterate that Q1 is where you'll see the highest yield and then obviously that implies that the back half of the year then is much more moderate.
Wendy A. Beck: We have been working very, very hard on a number of supply chain initiatives that have been actively being worked all through 2016 and 2017, so we're getting the benefit of that, as well as we're also getting the benefit of scale, as we bring in the Norwegian Joy and leverage the rest of our costs.
Wendy A. Beck: Okay, so good question, Robin. I would again point to the fact that it's dilutive to yields, as you bring in – or not meaning – it's not increasing. Norwegian ships are not increasing the yields, so the Joy is coming in on par with the average of the NCLH average yield. So it's not increasing it. It's still going to be one of the highest yielding ships in the Norwegian fleet, but it's dilutive to the overall NC – or at least not accretive to the overall NCLH yield.
Wendy A. Beck: And then the other things that I mentioned that were rolling over, so all – the Explorer, the Sirena and the Getaway Charter. For that reason, when you look at the yields being highest in Q1, you can imply then by our full-year guidance that yields will be much more tempered in the back part of the year.
Wendy A. Beck: Great question. So, yes, as of the end of 2016, on a pro forma basis, we actually were at 3.98 times, but still at 4.34 times on an as-reported basis and de-levering rapidly. So on an as-reported basis, we will be at 4 times by the end of the year, and we stay consistent with our plans that we want to continue to de-lever, and that will allow us to return capital to our shareholders in the back half of the year. So we continue to be favorable towards share repurchases, but we'll be opportunistic and look at our options.
Wendy A. Beck: And then, Tim, with regard to adjustments to net yield, that actually ended in Q1 of 2016, so you won't see that any longer.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. So our strategy has remained consistent. Inherently we say that we want to be at least 50% hedged as we move into a new year. We're significantly higher than that this year at 78% hedged. It is a mixture between HFO and MGO, and hopefully investors and analysts have found it helpful with additional color that we provided in the last couple of quarters and also in this quarter, breaking that out. So of the 78% that's hedged, then you also have the correlations. We're floating approximately 30%, somewhere in there, and we do use the fuel curves. Next year, we're at 66% hedged, and the following years we're at 48% and 18% hedged. But in those outer years, in 2019 and 2020, we'll continue to be opportunistic. That's what we've done, so we will continue to see benefits of our fuel hedges as we move into those outer years.
Wendy A. Beck: So, James, good morning. Fuel has actually moved up about 20% since our last call. I also had made mention of the Star technical issues that we had, so those were additional headwinds that we faced, but we have offset those additional headwinds by this strong operational environment as well as the 41 announced voyages to Cuba. So there's nothing further that we have implanted into our guidance for 2017.
Wendy A. Beck: First off, I would say the vast majority of this is the reset from the revenue from 2016, which then you're starting with a lower base rolling into 2017. So Q2 of last year on our earnings call, we did specifically talk about 70% of the reset was specifically due to the geopolitical headwinds that we had faced. So, that's the lion share, but then there is also fuel and FX that also has been affected, all well baked within our guidance to say that we would be within double-digit EPS growth in 2017 and moving forward. So revenue the largest, and then fuel and FX.
Felicia Hendrix: Right, but you're not – so just to kind of put it out there, but you're not seeing that now, so you're not putting it in your guidance yet.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thanks. And, Frank, just can you help us understand, knowing that you haven't lapped the kind of easier Europe situation, can you kind of help us understand the performance of your three brands in Europe, what you're seeing now in the second and third quarter? You kind of gave us a consolidated – and I know you don't like to talk about brand-by-brand, but maybe just directionally kind of how they're each performing.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Helpful. And just last one: Wendy, just on your cost guidance, the 1% was a bit better than the kind of 1% to 2% you've discussed in the past, so just wondering what's driving the better outlook. And I know that you've kind of made it very clear what the drivers for the higher expenses were in the quarter, but I just wanted to make sure that there weren't any costs that you expected in 2017 that you were able to bring it to the end of the year in 2016.
