Frank Del Rio: Hi, Dan and welcome to the cruise industry. Look, I think it's everything. I think we're going to see occupancies return to normal levels. We expect that to begin certainly by second quarter of '23. We expect pricing to be higher in '23 than 2019. We have more capacity, more high price capacity. Remember, in 2019, we took delivery of Encore literally in the last few weeks of the year. We had no contribution from the Regent Splendor, which was delivered in February of 2020. Both of those vessels will have a full year in '23. We'll have a full year of Prima. We'll have roughly 7 months of Vista, 6 months or so of Viva and a little bit of Grandeur towards the end. So, we've got new ship deliveries that are extraordinary, high-priced. We have -- as of today and trending better every day. I really think that our announcement yesterday of relaxing protocols is really going to be a tailwind. We saw it instantly yesterday, and it accelerated throughout the day. Today is also gangbusters compared to a typical Tuesday. The last thing we have control over is overall inflation. But if you believe the experts, and we are seeing, as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, some green shoots, where costs are already coming down, including fuel, including food costs, that's strong. And so today, we sit here telling you that we have record load, record pricing, record capacity days that we're absorbing very easily. And therefore, we strongly believe that we will have a record net yield in '23, which results in record EBITDA.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Look, Alaska is very, very strong. Our Caribbean product is also selling well. We took a large vessel out of the Baltic very last minute reposition to Port Everglades, which she's doing very, very well. Bermuda is doing great. Europe isn't doing all that back considering what's going on over there with the Ukraine conflict. We are leaning more on European stores business, which typically underperforms in terms of both ticket price and onboard revenue. And still, overall, our yields are better in Q3. So, I think we're going through, like Mark mentioned, some lumpiness. We've had protocol situations that are improving. The elimination of the testing requirement to get back into the country was huge. Americans simply didn't want to take the chance to be stuck in Europe should they contact COVID. That's had an impact over the short, medium term. Remember, one of the wonderful things about the cruise industry is you have great visibility because of the booking curve, people book way in advance. So, when these things occur, it impact the short term, which is why we simply don't want to chase short-term occupancy at the expense of long-term pricing. Pricing has a long tail. The occupancy, the load factor of any given sailing, once it's -- that sailing is finished, it's finished. It has no impact on the long run or no cumulative impact. But pricing does. So for us, it's incredibly important, especially since we target that high-quality, high-paying consumer to maintain pricing discipline, as you can see, across the board to be up in pricing, 20% for 2023 is truly extraordinary.
Frank Del Rio: No, I don't think so. It's just the cumulative sustained lasting issues on -- related around Omicron, it's only been in the last weeks that, number one. The Biden Administration took down the requirement to test negative to get back into the U.S., number one. Number two, the CDC dropping the cruise guidelines, which occurred about three weeks ago, and just yesterday, us announcing the relaxation of our own protocols. I think those three items, each one of them had a positive impact on bookings. And as we said in our prepared remarks, each one of those events triggered an improvement in booking volumes. But remember, booking -- the booking curve on average is about seven months out. So when you say that all this happened around midyear, whether it was late June, mid-July, now early August and you look seven months into the future, that's where you get, you get to 2023. We could, we could like others, chase short-term occupancy and sell cruises for crazy prices, but we don't want to do that. We never have done that. That is not our strategy. I remind you what happened back in '08 and '09, when -- the great recession, certain cruise companies did drop their prices to ridiculous levels. And it took them, in some cases, 10-plus years, and in some cases, they've not yet reached those pre great recession yields. I'm not willing to mortgage the company for 10-plus years in order to window dress the next quarter or so. I just won't do it. We're here for the long term. We're managing the business on a long-term basis. COVID had a major impact. We were shut down for 18 months or so, and the recovery is not instant mashed potatoes. If you want instant mashed potatoes, you got to go elsewhere because we're here for the long run. And our pricing strategy, how disciplined it is, is proof of that. To be -- to have 40% more ticket sales on the books right now compared to 2018 despite a 20% increase in capacity is formidable. And I've been doing this for 30 years. I've managed cruise companies in good times and in bad times, and I am convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that you don't sacrifice the long-term pricing power of your brand in order to achieve short-term load factor gains.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Patrick, this is Frank. Look, the internationally sourced crew that make up the abundance of our staffing on board, it's pretty back to normal. Quite frankly, I was surprised to see what you mentioned happen to another company. But we're not immune to it. We have challenges in that area that -- but it's not keeping us from filling the vessels, except for one, and that's Pride of America, which as you know is the only American flag vessel that requires us to have 75% of our crew to be American citizens. And we are having issues sourcing labor and crew for that vessel. And that vessel, which unfortunately is also our highest yielding vessel with the Norwegian brand, we've purposely kept the load factor since she's returned to service at 40%. So, would our overall load factors be higher in Q3 and Q4? Yes. And pricing would be higher. But we're purposely keeping it at that lower level because of labor shortages. We believe we have a road which, by year-end, we should see that vessel return to full occupancy. Certainly, the demand is there. It's disheartening every time we have to go and cancel and -- people who are booked and expect to go, and we have to keep that load factor in the 40% range. But that's around the edges. And like I said, we expect to be back at 100% occupancy on that vessel by year-end.
Frank Del Rio: There's a lot there as well, Vince. Look, historically, the booking curve at the age level, knowing that each brand has a slightly different nuances, it's about 7 months. And today, it's slightly more elongated than that, I would say, closer to 9 months, primarily because of our focus on 2023 bookings versus 2022. If you gave me a choice of selling a cabin or a booking for a '22 departure versus a '23 departure, I'll take a '23 departure. So, our marketing is all geared towards 2023. We'll take '22 bookings, of course. But we're not pushing it. And certainly, we're not discounting to attract that kind of business. We believe investors are focused on '23 and beyond and not necessarily '22. So for us, '22 is a transition year. We're very pleased that we got the entire fleet operating. We're very pleased we took delivery of Prima. We're very pleased that we've now turned cash positive. But in terms of pedal to the metal focus, getting back to normal on margin, on yields, on EBITDA, on profitability, it's all about 2023 and beyond.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. We're not going to share with you our marketing plans for wave. I do believe that this coming Q1 will be the first true wave since 2020, which was cut short by the beginning of the pandemic. In terms of sourcing, look, we prefer an American consumer onboard all our vessels regardless of where the itinerary is operating. Americans book earlier, book a higher cabin category, and as Mark mentioned, spend more money on board. And that is still our basic go-to-market strategy. But for European sailings, partly because of the hesitancy by many Americans to travel to Europe until the mandate to test negative to come back to the U.S. is lifted, we leaned a little heavier on our European sourcing. Our European sales and marketing team did a fantastic job of accelerating demand from European marketplaces. But pricing suffered a bit. And in spite of that overall pricing suffering a bit, we still posted higher pricing in Q2, expect higher pricing in Q3 going forward. So, I think overall, the European consumer has improved a bit or we've done a better job of sourcing those high-quality consumers out of Europe like we do in the States. But make no mistake, we rely on the American consumer perhaps more so than others, because at the end of the day, we think they're the most resilient, certainly the wealthiest, understand our product best, and we'll continue to do that.
Frank Del Rio: Okay. Well, as always, thank you so much for your time this morning and for your support. The entire team here at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings will be available today to answer any of your questions. Have a great day, and stay safe, everyone.
Mark Kempa: And Dan, just to highlight, further to what Frank's saying, it's not only the top line growth and the profitability of the new ships we have coming on line. We are focused on costs. Obviously, 2022 has been a very lumpy year. It will continue to be a bit lumpy for the second half given where our load factors are expected to be. You have to remember that a lot of our costs are fixed in nature. So when you look at it on a unit basis, yes, they are a little bit higher in the second half in -- for 2022. But again, we expect normalization of that as we go into 2023. And we've stated very clearly, we are spending dollars on demand-generating initiatives, i.e., marketing, building a very strong 2023 book across the board. So we're making the investment today. We're not chasing the incremental load factor for next quarter. We are focused on a very profitable, high-yielding, lower cost 2023, which we believe will result in a record EBITDA year next year.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Hi Brandt. Good morning. It's Mark. So yes, when you compare our gross in Q2 versus Q1, you will see -- gross to net, you will see a slightly elevated cost structure. And that's going to be representative of more of the ongoing cost structure. I think Q1, given all the dynamics where we had many sailings, many cancellations, we had quite a bit of ancillary revenue coming through in the gross line, which may have bumped up the next, so to speak. But as we stated in our prepared remarks, we have now embarked on our air program that we've been working on for many years. So, you are starting to see the costs of that come through. And so, I think you're going to see these more -- these are going to be the more norm level, so to speak. But it's coming through in both the gross. And obviously, when you look at the net, and again, considering the fact that in Q3, we were heavily weighted, particularly in Europe, and we're still having very strong pricing, I think it's a pretty impressive result.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Steve. Yes. So look, based on everything we see today, and I'll repeat it again, we believe we can meet all of our liquidity needs organically. What you've seen from some of the competitors and more recently was really around refinancings of more near-term maturities. And specifically, what I called out in my prepared remarks is that was something we were focused on over the course of the pandemic. So, as you look at our maturity power and if you put aside the -- our normal operating facilities, our revolver and our term loan A, which we plan to amend and extend by the end of this year, we have a very clean path during our recovery. So, with that, we still have debt capacity should we need to go to the markets. We have no plans on raising liquidity via equity. We've said that before. We've diluted our shareholders enough through this pandemic. So, we feel good where we are, and we'll continue to watch that. But more importantly, we have a relatively clean path going forward. So, we feel good today.
Mark Kempa: Good morning, Vince. So, the short answer to your question is no. While we are seeing some near-term headwinds with the cost pressures like every other business is seeing, longer term, we still believe that we have a very strong operating leverage. And the simplest example of that is it's almost a 2 for 1 relationship. Every point of yield is generally 2 times the point of cost in terms of monetary value. So, we still believe that to be intact as we look out into 2023. Obviously, it's very early to give any sort of concrete guidance around that. But apart from taking -- when we look at 2022, and internally, we try to normalize what the cost structure is, you have to remember that we have the full burden of cost today, yet we don't have the full complement of passengers on board. We're doing that purposely. So when you look at the metrics, like I said earlier, it's lumpy. But, as you look into '23 and then beyond, that operating leverage is fully intact, setting aside fuel, which we think we've mitigated reasonably with our hedge program. But we think there's a very, very real near-term path to getting back to historical margins. We just have to be able to operate consistently, operate our vessels at historical load factors, which we said we expect to be doing for second quarter of 2023. And I think you're going to start to see the normalcy appear very quickly.
Mark Kempa: Look, our ECA and all of our lenders have been phenomenal over the pandemic and really have been really flexible. But they too are commercial organizations, right? So, while we're going to work -- continue to work closely with them, first and foremost, as I've said, we believe that we can meet all of our needs -- liquidity needs organically. We have 20% more capacity coming on line next year, which is driving significant growth. But -- and so as we'll look -- as we look forward, if there are any near-term significant headwinds, we're going to look at all the options that are available out there. I would not want to point specifically to the ECAs or any other lender, but we're going to look at all options. And as we've seen in the past, I think there's a strong tailwind, so to speak, to make sure that the industry is thriving. So -- but more importantly, we don't think we need to do that. We don't think the industry needs to do that. And the industry is recovering. Let's keep in mind where we were this time last year. We were just starting to operate. And a year later, over the course of time, we are now turning positive cash flow. We're generating positive EBITDA. So, the machine has started and the flywheel is going. We just have to let it keep percolating, so to speak. So, we feel good. But look, we're going to look at all options, should the need ever arise.
Mark Kempa: Well, it's certainly generating from what we're seeing on today's consumer, what they're spending on board. I will remind everybody on the call that we have been bundling now probably since late 2016, 2017. We started that in the industry. So, our numbers on a comparable basis are relatively clean. There's always some nuances between the two buckets. But we are not having any sort of any apples and oranges comparison in our '22 versus 2019 results. So, we raised -- as we've said, we've raised prices. In terms of all of our offerings on board, consumers are spending. We've gotten smarter in the pre-marketing of our products, creating that sense of urgency before the consumer steps on board. We talked about the consumer who -- those consumers who have a stronger propensity for presales, they also spend more, about 30% or 40% more once they're on board. So, it's a combination of all those. But the numbers are strong. We're seeing a strong consumer today, spending today's dollars. And we feel that bodes well for ourselves and the industry.
