Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. As always, I hope that all of you joining us today, as well as your loved ones remain healthy and safe. Today, we will focus our commentary on the progress we have made thus far towards the resumption of cruising, the overall strength of the booking and pricing environment and our efforts to bolster our liquidity and maximize financial flexibility, as we've methodically returned our fleet to operation. Over a year since this suspension of voyages worldwide, our team in Norwegian has accelerated that the time has finally come to where we shift our focus to what I like to call, our Great Cruise Comeback, even if the comeback starts from international ports. As you can see on Slide 4, our return to service plan is centered around three key phases. First, we developed our multi-layered SailSAFE health and safety strategy, including mandatory vaccinations for all guests and crew at its cornerstone, which I will touch on in more detail later in the call.
Frank Del Rio: Hi Steve, good morning. They're up, and they're up sequentially, we raised prices beginning – at the beginning of the second quarter. And I'm just amazed at how much pricing power we actually have, given the difficulties that we all know about and the relatively low marketing spend that we have put out in the last quarter and a half or so. And so it's – you hear about inflation, inflation means prices go up and it's good to see that we too are seeing the positive side of inflation, which is pricing power, so we're very pleased with that.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, and we were just talking about it before the call. Over 95% of our crew are non-American nationals. So we're not seeing any kind of pressure on the labor side. The biggest issue on labor for us getting the crew back on the ships is the various travel restrictions that still exist around the world, Visa's, consulates and embassies are slow initialing, Visa, the situation in India now we all know about, and then of course we've committed to 100% vaccination of crew. So putting the crew together with a vaccine these are all challenges that may impact our ability to stand up shifts in the future. But we don't really believe that it will with vaccines coming on – the surplus of vaccines now coming on pretty strong around, at least around the U.S., we feel that we'll be able to stand up the vessels on a pretty good clip.
Frank Del Rio: Look, I think everybody has the same goal of getting the industry back in operation. The CDC themselves have stated that cruising or any activity cannot be zero risk. They've acknowledged that vaccines is the game changer, that's why society is racing towards vaccinations as fast as possible, which is why we proposed the CDC back on April 5, an iron clad multi-prong approach to the situation, which is everyone on board has to be vaccinated. So I have to tell you that I am disappointed at first read, I'm going to give the CDC an opportunity to expand and clarify, we have a call with them this afternoon on some of their requirements, for example, as we read yesterday's pronouncements, even though everyone on board would be vaccinated, in between bites of your meal and in between sips of your beverage, you have to put on your mask, take off your mask. So nobody should order soup because your mask might get sloppy. So that's to me is just preposterous, it's not in the spirit of where the country is heading, were President Biden wants to open the country, 70% of American adults will be vaccinated by the beginning of the third quarter. So we hope we're reading it wrong, we hope that there would be clarification. Quite frankly, we're hoping that these – some of these more onerous requirements in Phase 2b only applied to cruises or ships or brands or companies that are not going to vaccinate 95% of passengers and 98% of crew as mandated by the CDC. We hope that if you do get to 95%, 98%, or even better the 100% that Norwegian is proposing, that there won't be a need for such impractical onerous burdensome requirements. So we'll see what happens over the next few days as we engage with them – reengage with them on these particular phases. But certainly on first read, we were disappointed.
Frank Del Rio: None. I mean, the July U.S. launch at least from our company, it's just not possible. It was possible back in early April, when we proposed to the CDC 100% vaccination, we've always said it takes about 90 days to stand up a vessel. So from April 5, when we submitted our proposal 90 days would have been early July and that was possible, but today we're in early May, so now we're looking past that. But look there is more to it than just what the CDC says, there is only so much capacity to be able to stand up vessels. We – standing up a vessel after a 15, 18 month cold layup is not an overnight exercise. It takes a while and making it more complicated as the travel restrictions for crew, the vaccination mandates that we are imposing for crew. So we are focused on standing up our first five vessels that we've announced – first six vessels that we've announced for Norwegian ocean and region outside the U.S., as you know, we the industry, we our company regularly operate vessels outside the U.S., especially in the summer season where Europe is the big drop. And so July, August, September is summer and the best and highest use for our vessels is to operate in Europe, and that's what we're doing. In a couple of occasions, we are standing up vessels in the Caribbean, because the CDC up to now has not given us a pathway. We'll see how things progress over time. But remember it is a seasonal industry and outside of Alaska, which is in doubt, not only because of the CDC, but because of the Canadian situation. Outside of Alaska, the world’s cruise leads are typically outside of the U.S. in the summertime, we're cruising elsewhere, we're cruising primarily in the Mediterranean and Northern Europe, et cetera. So seasonality plays a big role as well the final CDC regulations will play a big role.
Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Steve. We're going to have one rule and one rule only, and that is at least at the beginning, 100% of our guests and our crew will be vaccinated. We're not going to pick and choose that this ship is less safe than another ship, it's one rule covers everyone, whether you're sailing in Europe, sailing out of the Caribbean or sailing out of the U.S. So, I really haven't paid too much attention to the latest simulated voyages, because we don't plan on participating in that program. We're going to be fully vaccinated and therefore we won't have to. So I just – I don't know the answer to your question in terms of timing.
Frank Del Rio: Steve, you just threw a piece of red meat at me. I – listen, they just won't answer it. We’re perplexed or flabbergasted, we're outrages, airplanes, casinos just about every venue. And when we talk about – we're willing to vaccinate every single person aboard the cruise ship. There isn't another venue on earth, not a school, not a factory, not your office building, apartment building much less an entertainment venue like a casino, hotel or resort that can make that claim. We will have – we will be the safest place on earth by definition. On top of that vaccination mandate, we're going to implement the 74 healthy sail panel recommendation, that one, two punch is unbeatable, no one on earth has it, yet the CDC continues to treat us differently, we dare to say unfairly. And look, it's not like the CDC has done a great job of controlling the virus around the country. We ranked number one in the world for the most infections, the most hospitalization, I think the most deaths, yet they pick on the cruise industry to an extreme that is just unbelievable, unexplainable and frustrates us and no one. We're hopeful that the discussions that we've been having lately with them, these two times a week calls will result in continued improvement. We saw improvement, when they announced last Wednesday night, clarifications to the original Phase 2a, we're certainly going to let them know this afternoon that what they published for a Phase 2b and Phase 3 is unacceptable in many areas. And that we're again, hopeful at this point, I can't say more than hopeful that clarifications will come soon to alleviate the pain points that we've identified.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. That's an issue, Patrick. We’ve had discussions with the Governor's office, those continue. But it is a classic state versus Federal Government issue. Legally, lawyers believe that federal law applies and not state law, but I'm not a lawyer. And we hope that this doesn't become a legal football or a political football. But at the end of the day, cruise ships have motors, propellers and rudders, and God forbid we can operate in the state of Florida for whatever reason, then there are other states that we do operate from. And we can operate from the Caribbean for ships that otherwise would've gone to Florida. We certainly hope that doesn't come to that. Everyone wants to operate out of Florida, it's a very lucrative market, it's close drive market. So – but it isn't an issue, can't ignore it. And we hope that everyone is pushing in the same direction, which is, we want to resume cruising in a safe manner, especially at the beginning. Things might be different six months from now or a year from now, but today with the pandemic still being front and center in everybody's mind. And we're just getting out of the worst part of it just weeks ago. I think everyone should be wanting to start cruising in the safest possible manner. And that's exactly what the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings plan does a 100% vaccination of both crew and passengers for the life of me. I don't understand 98% and not a 100% percent. So you have a big ship. You have 1,800 crew members on board, and you're going to vaccinate 1,764 of them, but not 36. I mean, what a loophole to allow potential COVID to be introduced in the crew area. 100%, at least at the beginning, I believe should be the model. And if the CDC wants to go in a different direction, the rest of the industry wants to go – great, we want to go 100%. We want clearance for 100%. And as of today, which is a little over a month since we submitted our proposal to the CDC, we've not yet heard back from them. And that is very disappointing.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Thank you, Jamie. Your first question all three of the initial sailings, we announced for Norwegian, one vessel out of Athens for the Greek Isles doing incredibly well. And to tie that with your second question consistent with our prior history, a little over 80% of the people who are booked on those cruises out of Greece are American. So Americans are willing to get on an airplane and fly over there. The two sailings out of the Caribbean are doing better than expected. Remember that normally Caribbean sailings out of Miami, out of South Florida, this is the low season. So we have two shifts. We normally have one. So the unrelative terms, they're not going to be the highest producing vessels in terms of yields, but given what we expected, they were doing better than expected, especially given the fact that we introduced them only about a month ago. And so the booking window is very, very compressed, but again, speaking to the pent-up demand, it's filling up quickly. And so I'm glad we did it, it certainly beat keeping the ship laid up. But we would have preferred to start those vessels in Alaska, start those vessels in Europe. But because of other reasons that you know of, we couldn't until the next best thing was to start new home ports. And we'll see what happens. We're very encouraged, especially with the vessel out of the Dominican Republic. The DR has a very good airlift to the U.S. I believe it's a number one destination for Americans to the Caribbean and who knows that vessel might prove to be so profitable there, that it never returned back to U.S. waters, which would be again, one of the economic casualties of this prolonged CDC induced suspension.
Frank Del Rio: So that's nine questions in one. I'll try to remember them. Look, I think that the narrative of too much capacity coming online pre-pandemic had pretty much been debunked. All the cruise industries were taking on the new delivery, digesting that new capacity very nicely and increasing pricing. And so we always – our comeback always was, we only have 28 ships. There are many unserved – underserved markets that we simply don't have shifts to operate in. And so we're eager to get our hands on our new vessels, all nine of them across the three brands. And what we're seeing now with in the pandemic is pricing is strong, demand is stronger than ever. I mean, to give you a nugget of data. The Oceania and Regent brands reached their 50% load factor for 2022 over 100 days earlier than they did for the record year of 2019. Nearly four months, they hit their 50% load factor mark earlier than ever before and at higher prices. So, pricing power is there. In terms of capacity exits, I think from what I can see, and I don't know because different companies, you've got to ask any individual company, but from what I can see, the capacity exits that have already occurred. We have the youngest fleet in the industry. So we never considered any exits and still having. And the order book in the future hasn't changed. So they're coming with very, very few delays and whatever is delayed is delayed by a few weeks, a month or so. So look, the industry was healthy as heck before the pandemic. We're seeing during the pandemic, how resilient it is, how much pent-up demand there is. We just need to get started. We just need to get all these ridiculous regulations, this overreach eliminated. And I'll tell you this, if we could operate given what's on the books right now for 2020, if we can operate the itineraries that we're actually selling, 2022 could be a record year. That's how good things are, but the big risk is, can we operate? Are we going to have to continue to cancel sailings because of this rolling conditional sale order, which is very difficult to comply with. And it's not just the CDC, let's say, let me try to be a little fair here. The rest of the world has got to open up as well. The CDC affects U.S. embarking, disembarking guests, but the rest of Europe has to open up. Asia has to open up, South America has to open up. Remember this is a global industry, cruise companies visit 500 ports around the world, and only a handful are open today. And so that's the risk. How quickly can the world return to normal to opening up the ports, lifting the travel restrictions, et cetera. But from a pure market dynamic point of view, 2022 would be a record year.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. I don't know. I think that's a little fatty. And then when you work from home, because you have this incredible fast internet service, as you know, internet service on a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean is not optimal. So I wouldn't get too carried away on that one, Ivan. Look, in terms of overall demand, we're hitting only on partial cylinders. The U.S. is by far the biggest driver of new demand. Even though we have 50,000 cases a day and all the restrictions that we still have to live with and the news cycle and everything else. Europe for the most part has not reopened in terms of robust marketing and travel agencies coming back, the UK is doing okay, Australia, New Zealand, which is, I think you know, has always been number three, number four, top source market for us is completely closed down. So the fact that we're doing as well as we're doing. With marketing spend, that is in the neighborhood of 30% to 40% of what we normally spend. The new cycle, the travel restrictions, the unknown, right, we're just not sure what's going to be happening. There is no certainty, the international source markets for the most part been sub-optimal. I mean, like I said, in my prepared remarks, the pent-up demand is deep, 50 million people. By the time summer rolls around, 33 million people cruise a year, we will have been shut down 18 months. That's 50 million people that wouldn't have – would have cruised that have been cruised. And so I think we have a pent-up demand tail that we're going to be able to enjoy over the next couple of years, certainly in 2022 and to 2023 and perhaps beyond because look, it's sort of like a yin and yang. We've gone with no cruising was zero. And these people want to cruise and they're going to cruise in the future. And so we believe that sets up a beautiful dynamic for increased pricing and we're taking advantage of it to be as well booked as we are. And again, I gave you a nugget that Oceania and Regent hit their 50% load factor for 2020 to over 100 days earlier than they ever had before. And their pricing is up. Even with the FCC dilution is just unbelievable. Just let me cruise CDC and we'll have incredible financial results. Just let us cruise.
Mark Kempa: Thank you, Frank. My remarks today will focus on the continued execution of our COVID-19 financial action plan and our return – and our planned return to cruising later this summer. I am pleased to say that we are beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel, with the significant progress we have made in recent months on our return to cruising. Despite this positive momentum, we have not lost sight that the pandemic is not yet over, and we remain focused on maintaining our cost discipline and pulling all levers available to conserve cash and maximize financial flexibility in what is an improving, but still uncertain environment. As I've said before, our team is focused on what we can control and we continue to adapt our strategy as needed as the pandemic evolves. Slide 10 illustrates the three focus areas of our action plan and the additional proactive measures taken since the beginning of the first quarter. First, we continue to tightly control operating expenses and capital expenditures through a number of initiatives, including the significant reduction or outright deferral of near-term demand generating marketing expenses and non-essential capital expenditures. As an example, our non-new build capital expenditures continue to be less than half our pre-pandemic expectations for 2021. In addition, we finalized €50 million of incremental deferrals of new build related shipyard payments since our last earnings call, resulting in a total deferral of €270 million through the end of the second quarter 2022. Second, we have made significant progress on improving our debt maturity profile to provide additional near-term financial flexibility. In March, we repaid the Pride of America and Norwegian Jewel facilities, which were set to mature in 2022, leaving no significant debt maturities until 2024. We also worked with our lenders to amend certain credit agreements to free up approximately $2 billion of additional debt capacity, most of which is on an unsecured basis. While we believe our liquidity position today is strong, this incremental debt capacity meaningfully improves our financial flexibility and gives us additional optionality should the need arise. And the final focus of area of our action plan is securing additional capital. We successfully tapped the market, which resulted in an approximately $1 billion of incremental liquidity in the quarter. Slide 11 illustrates the two highly successful capital market transactions executed in March. First, we issued $1.1 billion of senior unsecured notes consisting of $575 million tack on to the December unsecured notes offering and $525 million of new unsecured notes due 2028. These transactions generated approximately $650 million of incremental liquidity after repaying the Norwegian Jewel and Pride of America facilities, both of which were to mature in 2022.
Mark Kempa: And Brandt, as we've always said, we're not in a race. We want to do this properly, we want to instill confidence in our passengers, our guests, all of our constituents. So we want to do it in a methodical manner, and it's important that we just start the momentum going, that's the key.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Steve. Look, we have a very solid liquidity position today, almost $3.5 billion at the end of the quarter. So we have – we feel like we have a great foundation going forward, we still have a sufficient amount of tools in our toolbox, should we need it? But the key really is, we have to stay ahead of our needs, but the key is that they're still relatively uncertain, there is a lot of uncertainty out there. So we have to watch that while we're certainly encouraged with the recent momentum and the discussions that have taken place and with the restart that certainly bodes well for us and the rest of the industry. So we just need to see that continued momentum going forward. But we do have tools should we need it, but we feel we're in a very strong position as we sit here today.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Robin. It's Mark. So look, that as we look at our path going forward in our plans, medium, long-term. Certainly, obviously de-levering is a critical component of what we want to do. And we're continuously be looking at that. When we talk about our islands and our infrastructure, we've been talking about this for a while that we believe the private islands are a unique destination that we can continue to monetize in a positive economic way. That said, we are not targeting anything with our comeback, where it would force us to have significant CapEx around that. We're simply keeping on our radar that as we recover and as we rebuild, those are opportunities where we can invest and see a significant return on. So I wouldn't read too much into it, but as we go forward, we're going to balance all needs, whether it's de-levering, trying to take out some debt, investing in the fleet, investing in our islands, investments to become more efficient. That's all going to be in our playbook and we'll balance the needs accordingly.
Mark Kempa: And Ivan, your comment on the demand, getting better. I think you're spot on, we are seeing that with data points. When we talk about our booking volumes that have doubled, we see our ATS continually growing. So as consumers get more certainty and more comfortable, I think there's good signs that should continue and continue strong. So we're very hopeful around that.
