Frank Del Rio: Sure. I think both past guests and new guests are absolutely critical for our continued growth. We have a great base of loyal guests who love our product because each of our brands have incredibly high repeat rates running anywhere from 45% for the Norwegian brand to as high as 55% for region. And we're always looking for new ways to engage with them, including through our popular loyalty programs that each brand operates. We also have a robust new build pipeline as we just finished discussing. One new build being introduced for each brand this year alone and we all know new ships and above surrounding new ships have historically brought outsized attention to the brand. Just consider the buzz when Katy Perry performed as godmother of Norwegian Prima this past summer. And just recently, Giada De Laurentiis was named Godmother of Oceania upcoming Vista, which highlights the brand's focus on having the fun is to choosing it see. These announcements create excitement, not just among loyal guests, but also to new brand and even new to cruise guests. You've heard us say many times that the cruise industry as a whole is vastly underpenetrated, and we have significantly -- have a significant runway ahead to attract new to cruise guests, creating awareness, drawing buzz, partnering with a traveling community even having investors such as yourselves, deliver the message, of the value and unique experiences that cruises offer is a large part of what we do every single day, and we'll continue to do so to drive that message to as many possible guess as we possibly can.
Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Steve. It is a balance. Obviously, you don't want to kill the goose that lays the golden egg, which is the customer. We believe that the -- we're trying to balance what customers pay, what they actually pay for and what they receive. So, for example, we did not cut the turndown service that you mentioned across all brands or across all cabin categories. It's only in the lower cabin categories that equate to a lower per diem. So, look, it's management's responsibility to optimize revenue and minimize costs. That's economics 101, and that's what we're doing.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, this is Frank. We simply don't see any weakness. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've seen very, very strong record -- new record booking levels dating back to November. And it's our view that as long as consumers have a job and the labor markets remain strong, that they'll continue spending on the things they normally spend their money on, including vacations. So, we simply don't see a weakening consumer. If you look at our forward bookings, each quarter in 2023 is better booked than the comparable quarter in 2019. And even if you start looking into 2024, it's never too early to talk about next year. 2024 bookings are running ahead at higher prices than they were at the same time in 2019 for 2020, which before the pandemic. So, we simply haven't seen any indication that the consumer is shying away from taking cruise vacations, at least not with our three brands.
Frank Del Rio: Our basic go-to-market philosophy as we market to fill, we don't discount to fill throughout the pandemic period and coming out of the pandemic period. Being able to keep our industry-leading net per diems and yields was of utmost importance. We've seen what happened to others when the discounting goes too far, it takes years, if not decades to be able to climb back up that slippery hill. So, if marketing was the cost of maintaining our industry-leading yields and it was well worth it. And we turned the year in our best book position ever. Mean to be able to say that at the end of 2022, we were better booked than at any time in our history, given what this industry has just gone through, where the full fleet was not in operation until the mid-year is an incredible statement to make and at higher prices. So, yes, unquestionably, it was the right strategic decision to make for our company. Now, we believe that we've got momentum back. We had to create momentum. The industry was on its knees. We hadn't operated the full fleet in two years, zero revenue for 500 days. So, we had to stimulate the market. And you can do it one of two ways in my estimation, you can discount and you can give away the product or you can market and we choose to market. And now that we've done so and have regained momentum and bookings continue to be strong and we're better booked today than we were a year ago over 2019 at the same period. We think we can now start paring back on that marketing spend. Now at the same time, we're adding three new ships and those have to be filled. So, on a per capacity day basis, I think marketing costs will come down. On a gross basis, I'm not sure the exact number, maybe Mark knows that number. But on a PCD basis, marketing costs will come down as a result of the dynamics that just laid out.
Frank Del Rio: As always, thank you, everyone, for your time and support today. We will be available to answer any of your questions throughout the day and we wish you a good day, and please stay safe. Thank you.
Dan Politzer: Hi, good morning. Frank. Good morning, Mark. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to touch first on the balance sheet. Obviously, there's a lot of work that you guys have been doing there. How do you think about leverage this year, next year? And to what extent is your appetite to issue equity relative to debt? Thanks.
Dan Politzer: Understood. And then just for a follow-up, bookings are obviously positive. You're putting through all these cost efficiencies. Do you have any expectation as bookings progress and you guys continue to recover when you can get back to that $100 EBITDA per APCD level? And also, along with that, if you could just maybe give a little bit more color on the cost efficiencies, total amount, the time that they're going to be achieved? And to what extent there could be further room in coming years? Thanks.
Dan Politzer: Understood. Thanks so much for all the color. Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Kempa: Hi, good morning Dan. Well, first and foremost, the discussion of issuing equity is a Board decision. So, I will leave it there, but what I can tell you is that, that has not been in discussion in any of our Board meetings. We've said time and time and again, we do not believe that it is prudent to issue more equity to de-lever the company. As we look forward and we look at our balance sheet, we have said that our internal goal here is we want to turn the year with a 5x handle. And for clarification, that does include an adjustment for the newbuilds that we take delivery of in this year since we do not have the full earnings potential. But that's what the company has rallied around, and that's what we're focused on. We've said before, it's not an easy task, but we're rallying against that, and that's what we're using as our stake in the sand. So, there's a lot of opportunity ahead in the industry and especially for our company for the year. We are in a dynamic environment, all signs that we see are looking good, and that's evidenced by our pricing power and our Q4 results as well as our guidance for the year. But nevertheless, there is some unknowns out there. So, we're feeling pretty good right now. We continue on our path of hitting our guidance that we've just issued and we feel good about our overall liquidity and balance sheet position where it stands today, but there's a lot of work to do.
Mark Kempa: Great, that's a lot to unpack there. So, let me start with the EBITDA per capacity day. Look, this is going to take time, right? If we look at where this industry was not so long ago, we -- it was only last May of 2022 where we started operating all of our vessels. So, we are progressing. We are hitting our milestones that we've laid out for several quarters now. It is a progression. Bookings are doing well. Onboard revenue spend is trending well, but it will take time. It's not an overnight process. And so, as we think about that, part of that is enhancing our revenue, enhancing margins, obviously, and right-sizing our cost base. We've said that our strategy coming out of the pandemic was we wanted to reset the bar on pricing. We believe we've done that, which we believe will be a longer term benefit for all our constituents and now we are squarely focused on right-sizing our cost base. As we look to the future, we're on a period of transformational growth. We have almost 50% growth between now and 2028, with our scheduled pipeline of deliveries. So, we have to do better, and we are going to do better on leveraging our scale, and that's what we're focused on. So, it's going to come from a lot of different places. But we focused on the topline. Now, we're squarely focused on the cost, and that's going to translate to improved margins, which again will then translate ultimately into achieving that pre-pandemic EBITDA per capacity day.
Mark Kempa: Steve, I think, the other way to think about it is, we're simply aligning ourselves to what others in the hospitality sector have done as well. So, this is nothing new. I think customers in today's society are used to getting a different level of service. We're not degrading the product. We're squarely focused on making sure that the guest experience is wholly intact, but we're going to align ourselves to what is the new normal for the hospitality sector. I think, it's the right thing to do.
Mark Kempa: Well, Steve, you're taking a big chance asking me an accounting question, but I think I'm going to go for it. Look, absolutely, when we increase the service fees, it does get rolled up as part of our gross revenue, but there's also a cost to that. And there's obviously some direct cost to that, but there's also the employment costs, which go against that, which hit in our net cruise cost. So, service fees, again, the vast majority of that, all goes to our dedicated crew and employees who are working on the ship, but there is a revenue component to it and there is a cost component to it. But, again, that's something that's been consistent for us over the years. No change in the accounting or no change in the comparability.
Mark Kempa: Yes, certainly. So, on the cost, as I said in my prepared remarks, Q1 will be the highest cost quarter. And then as we look forward sequentially, we expect those costs to decrease each quarter as some of our initiatives gain hold and take place. And I think the way to think about it is as you look toward the back half of 2023, that's going to be a little bit more representative of what our exit rate would be as well on a go-forward basis. There is one thing I want to remind you as well as we are taking on a more -- we have a more pronounced mix effect with the operating capacity that we're bringing online as well. As you guys know, we are bringing on an Oceania class vessel in May of this year and a Regent vessel at the tail end of the year. Those, by default, have a much higher operating cost than the NCLH average. So, there is some impact in that overall cost guidance as a result of the mix. So, keep that in mind. And then when you think about the overall buckets on the cost, it's everything you can think of. We've said before, we spent a lot on marketing in 2022 going after the customer, creating that demand, elevating pricing. We believe we've been successful there. So, we're going to scale start scaling that back. But it's everyday things -- everything we do on our corporate side, on our ship side, whether it's optimizing our supply chain initiatives, optimizing our itineraries so that we're getting the best fuel consumption. There is no silver bullet in this industry, but it's a lot of little things that can add up and that's what we're squarely focused on going forward.
Mark Kempa: Yes, we think we got it. So, Patrick, nothing has changed. I think if there's anything we've learned as a management team and society over the last year or two is that the -- we're in a unique environment. On one hand, we have a very strong consumer. We have very strong wage growth and employment. And on the other hand, we have economists telling us that we're -- there's a high chance of recession. So, you take your pick. We're -- I like into this is we're in uncharted territory in the world. So, nothing has changed. But we think by being -- we want to be conservative. We want to make sure we're hitting putting out reasonable targets, but nothing should be implied from that. We're confident of where we are, but we think a range is the most appropriate way to go at this point, given all the factors that are in front of the world as a whole.
Mark Kempa: Certainly. So first and foremost, it was $250 million, which when you look at our overall debt structure, it's really minimal. But the most important reason we did that is we wanted flexibility on the facility. And as you recall and if you look in the past, we were getting -- we had six months options. We had eight-month options, 12-month options. We wanted a two-year option. And the price to do that was our counterparty wanted a small draw on the overall facility. So, when you look at the totality of that draw, which is relatively minor in the broader scope of our debt, versus having a two-year flexible backstop, we thought that was the prudent course of action to take at a relatively reasonable cost on the overall facility.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Patrick, I think we'll take some of those details offline on our post call. But what I can tell you is that we've been telegraphing that we expect our average fully diluted share count to be approximately about $470 million, which I think believe we have in our slide deck for a couple of calls now. And that assumes that the 2027 convertibles are converted in cash, which we've been saying from the get-go. But it really is just a reflection of where the convertibles, the 2024 and 2025 convertibles, which will be equitized. We do not have a choice there, but that is really just the accounting for it. So, on average, I would use about $460 million for the fully diluted share count for the year.
Mark Kempa: James, it's Mark. So, look, I wouldn't classify anything as a deceleration. And I think when you look at our yield growth for the full year, you were spot on 9% to 10.5% pretty strong number given the value proposition of where the cruise industry vis-à-vis the broader vacation market. But when you look at Q1, you go from Q4 to Q1, it's really a mix impact of where our fleet is operating. We have a much higher weighting of exotic itineraries in Q1, which were slightly impacted on the slower restart or the slower opening of the world. So, whether it was cruises in Japan or Australia or that area of the world, there was a little bit more hurdles than we anticipated getting those back to operation, and there was a little more hesitation on the consumer. So Q1 was really just impacted by that. I would characterize it as the last normalization quarter, so to speak. But when you look beyond that and you look at our implied guidance for the remaining three quarters, I think you're seeing very strong growth there of 9% to 10% based on our guidance. So, we're feeling good where the pricing is today.
Mark Kempa: Yes, it was very slight, James. And it was really just truing up some of our year-end accruals and making sure that going into the year, we were fully stock, so to speak, to ensure that we had no lagging issues affecting our 2023 performance. So, nothing material. It was just all items on the margin.
Mark Kempa: Yes, certainly. So, I think when we look at the year overall, we do have more -- we are leading to a more exotic deployment mix. But that's not really concerning to us, because as we cycle through Q1 and we look toward the latter part of third quarter and fourth quarter, we see accelerating demand for those products. We do have more European capacity this year. We have slightly less Caribbean capacity and more Alaska capacity. So overall, we are trending to a, again, a bit more exotic or longer itinerary based deployments, but that's shaping up well for us, absent this what we would call a one-time Q1 anomaly with the overall restart.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Robin, I'll take that. I think there was two questions in there. So, I'll start with the last one because that's the one I can remember. Regarding newbuild, look, the -- we're increasing the size of four vessels pretty significantly by, I think, it's more than 10% on three and four and almost more than 20%. So, there is a cost to that. There's -- it's not just adding cabins, it's lengthening the vessels, widening the vessels, but also more importantly, on five and six, we are getting them -- those vessels to be methanol ready. I always say, going green is not free. There is a cost to it, but we think this is a good cost. We think it's the right cost. I would hesitate or caution you to just simply take the additional burst and look at it as costing $1.2 billion, because there is a lot of technical aspects behind that in relation to making the vessels bigger. So, I would just caution you on that note. And I think the -- your first part of the question was on the exit rate of our costs. I think you're thinking about it correctly, somewhere in the low teens is probably where we would look vis-à-vis 2019, but again, we are squarely focused on. We have to do a better job of leveraging our scale. And I think as we continue to prove that quarter-after-quarter this year, you're going to see improvements on that front.
