Kevin Sheehan: Thanks, Wendy and as I mentioned in my opening comments. We remain on track to close the acquisition of Prestige Cruises International and are hard at work on our integration plans to establish the industry leading diversified cruise operator. We currently anticipate closing the transaction in mid-November. To-date, we have taken the following steps in the process to close the transaction. First, we received Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust clearance. Next on October 16, we received clearance for the SEC information statement providing shareholders 20 days’ notice regarding the pending transaction. We've also received approval from SACE, Italy's Export Credit Agency to assume the debt related to Oceania's two most recent ships along with the 2016 Regent delivery. In addition, we held successful meetings with banks and also with the rating agencies in anticipation of a notes offering, which will be marketed in the very near future. The Prestige and Norwegian team are working together to integrate two organizations in a very thoughtful way. The organization structure which I think will be the blueprint for the industry, we include Drew Madsen running Norwegian and Regent and Oceania, with Frank Delrio at the helm, as Chief Executive Officer, with Kunal Kamlani continuing running the day-to-day business as President and Chief Operating Officer. In addition to the two President, Wendy along with new build, and a few others areas will report to directly to me. Also, reporting to me will be Jason Montague, the current Chief Financial Officer of Prestige, who will Head the integration full-time. This is important to me, as we are also matrixing four areas shipboard operations, human talent both shoreside and ship side, passenger services and destination services. This structure is poised to realize significant additional synergies over the coming years, as we continue to carefully employee best practices to position our business for long-term success, always looking to enhance the guest experience, as we move forward. As a result of the projected timing of the transaction closing, we expect our next call to review fourth quarter and full year results to be the first as a combined entity. Following reporting our year end results, we will host an Investor Day in early February to provide additional information on a new combined entity, and provide 2015 forward-looking commentary. This will allow our leaders time to trench themselves in their new roles, focus on the integration of the combined organization and provide more clarity on 2015. One other point for each quarter through 2015, we will detail the key metrics for Norwegian and Prestige and 2016 and thereafter, we will report on a consolidated basis, consistent with our industry peers. This is an extremely exciting time at Norwegian and we look forward to bringing you another report of solid results next quarter. Again anticipating completing the year, with an increase of over 60%, as well as more than a double in the two-year period, since we went public. Thank you for your continued support. We would like to go ahead and open the call for questions.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, that's a great point. As we look at it, actually the fourth quarter is pretty well set, so let's focus on the theme. On 2015, the thing that we've done, I think that was a very smart move. Is we are significantly more loaded on the Getaway and the Epic and the Breakaway is also more loaded for the first quarter, which I think will enable us to be in a stronger position as we go through the wave season to continue to optimize the pricing, as we get through that quarter. And for all the Caribbean market for our company. We are well ahead in every quarter for 2015. So I think that's all good news and then on the pricing side and I think you got to take this a little bit into perspective and you heard this before from the other players. The first quarter is a little bit of stilled the growth, but it's a little bit not a big year-over-year growth, but I think it's under 1% for the industry growing to 53% from 52.2%, but what happens in the second quarter, and the third quarter, and fourth quarter is that contracts there's actually an improvement from the prior year, so that should bode well as well. So the European market continues to work consistent with what it has happened in the prior year, but the first quarter is going to be a little bit. I think, when we touched on it, we had a phenomenally successful charter in, if for the Olympics in Sochi and it was significantly above what that ship would have done, had it stayed in the market, in the worst part of the year as you know, that's the weakest part of the year. So we were able to improve our yields in that first quarter, because of that, so we'll be laughing that as well as the Bud Light Hotel. As we see it today, if the booking patterns play out as we expect, we believe the first quarter will be close to positive maybe a 0.1% up or so and then it gets much better as you get past the first quarter. So the first quarter along with the industry is the one, where we are all focused on, but things seem to look, like they're really improving as you get past that first quarter.
Kevin Sheehan: Not that, I'm going to tell you today. So I would say the thing, I was – and I have been told to contain my enthusiasm, because we haven't closed yet. The synergy number that we communicated on the announcement, is I would say in the bag, having the organization set up the way, we are, I think we have enormous opportunities and is going to be something that well the opportunity is not only, that we'll realize on day one, but as you know with Jason and I working full time on this. We are going to be getting into each and every area, making sure we've got best practices and of course a best proposition to our guest, and the travel agents to make sure, they see that this is a business that's on the run from an improvement and guest scores for all three brands. So we're really excited about it, but the punch line I think is that we'll be hopefully benefit, but I don't want to get too far into it, and that will come out quickly in 2015, but it's going to be the nice thing about this is, in addition to [indiscernible] and management initiatives that we are still working on the Norwegian side, that will have opportunities on the Prestige side. These margin opportunities will be a runway for three years, four years, five years because you want to be careful, as you do this to always make sure that the guest, thinks we are improving the proposition as oppose to anything else. 
Kevin Sheehan: You know, it's funny when we talked about this. Most probably less than 18 months ago, I think we were about 25%, we said we were going to be up 500 basis points and now we are half way, there. I think at the industry phase in a reasonable place and hopefully, the economic stuff starts to get a little, it's never going to be a big huge positive economic rebound, but if it's on the margin, a little bit better, employment has gotten significantly better, interest rates remain well. If that starts to catch up with the consumer spending, we believe that there is an enormous. I don't want to, maybe Wendy will kill me, but there's probably another 500 basis points and you know when we look at our model, if we, we're not looking at aggressive stuff and I think you guys have all built models, you know two to three or whatever each individual firm has used for pricing and onboard revenue and just doing, what we've done for 6.5 years and continuing in that momentum. I think there's an enormous opportunity and then on top of that, the opportunities of putting three great brands together smartly will enable us to have a nice benefits. So yes, we have a little bit of work to do, to make sure when we consolidate that we continue on our journey, but I believe that we have that opportunity without getting too much into it. So it's all good.
Kevin Sheehan: Well, I think we're being very, very careful in integrating these brands. We have three great brands that are doing phenomenally well in the market. So we have to be very thoughtful and careful, and if there's, I think we alluded to last time, that when you go to all the 100 supports that the three brands go to, and having a little bit more fire power. I actually had dinner with the Premier of Bermuda on Thursday night, what is today. Tuesday, couple days ago. I have no life, by the way. So we had dinner and of course, his interest level is more excited because he's saying, oh! my god. You've got these other two great brands and the ship can get into Hamilton. So I'm telling you, we are going to engage and optimize every one of these opportunities. Bermuda is a magnificent location and as you know, the big ships go into dockyards at one end of the island, and there was the other end, that we used to go into the smaller ships. So we are looking for ideas, of how to improve on that experience with being able to make, like we used to do with the smaller ships start on one side of the island and then we would move to the other side. So with these two additional brands, we certainly have his attention and he wants to make sure, we are aligned on our success going forward. So he's a brand new Premier, fourth one actually I'm embarrassed to say, since I joined the company seven years ago, but this guy is a career politician and I think he's got, he understands the mathematics behind it, that's just one example. Support opportunities are there, we've got destination services, as you saw there's a separate service. All of the work we do, in Shore Excursions getting best execution on the cost side. it never hurts to go around with a new organization scale and hey, say, look this is the price that we had and now. So we see the opportunities there, we see lots of opportunities on the fuel side. lots of work that we've been doing, you guys have heard, all of the great work that we've done over the last number of years. We expect to be able to benefit some of that on the Prestige side, but also continuing as we're learning on these new ships. So back to the original question. How do we seek 2015? So they're booked solidly for 2015 and their revenue is up significantly for 2015. I do want to say, they're feeling a little bit of the same stuff in the first quarter. So the first quarter is the journey for all of us, in the industry and then once, we get past there. The rest of the year, looks pretty darn good. 
Kevin Sheehan: That's great question, Harry and I think, I alluded to it. This is been a long, long process for me. I started this conversation four years ago, with one of the founder guys from Apollo. We both walked away, saying oh! my god, this makes so much, get it done. And that was the, without getting into the noise of all the different owners and where the funds were invested and on and on. So it just turned out, that it was much more complicated thing at that time and here we were launching between Epic and Breakaway and taking the company, so we were distracted, with all these other exciting initiatives and so running continuously towards, where we are reporting today. When the S-1 went out for Prestige, I saw that as an opportunity to restart that conversation and I actually had talked to Frank Delrio over the last couple of years, a few times and we both kind of say, hey, doesn't this make an awful lot of sense. We just never got past that, until the S-1 was filed and when it was filed, I put together a proposition and I have to tell you, it wasn't, it was very clear from the strategic standpoint and all the rest of it, but you never know, what different partners, what their separate strategies are long or short-term with our stock. So as I expected, it was complicated process, at the end of the day, all of our board members were really excited, when we showed them the opportunities for transaction. So it's just because so compelling, when you look at the ability for us to have more scale and as you know, we've done a terrific in on the scale side of the business, and we will continue to do that, but it also gave us opportunities to be in different segments to the market, but also learnings that we can now really dig into and you look at Prestige and what a phenomenal job they've done on yields and then you say, what about Pride of America. You've got this unique experience in Hawaii that nobody competes with us, at all, and why can't we adopt a better marketing program, more like what they do. I think that's a big opportunity and then, another one of the big opportunities is, on the Haven and just looking at the Haven and what we see, in the Haven is our very successful guests. Usually are on with extended families kids and grandkids and they stay up in the Haven, that's where the family maybe in other parts of the ship and it's a wonderful experience, because those multi-generational groups can then go into, the kids can go into Nickelodeon and the teenagers go on the rope courses and the water parks and everybody can get together in a wonderful restaurants that we have. So this unique experience that we can provide for that affluent guest. So here we are now, with both, we're all excited about that and the opportunity that we can realize from taking our database on both sides and saying, how do we do a better job, of driving the guest to the right proposition because the same thing holds true for our Haven person that may not aware of the other proposition and introducing them to Oceania and Regent. To me, the cost stuff, that's going to happen. Where this is exciting is us learning and being intellectual about how we optimize the revenue. The multiples of the stocks in general as you know, are all driven by the top line and we are so focused on that and of course, you've seen what we've done for 6.5 years or whatever. We're taking this brand and bringing it to the prominence it is today, even before the transaction. so we are very excited, about what the opportunities with the three companies, put together.
Kevin Sheehan: Oh! yes, it's too early to get too far into the numbers. As you could imagine, while we're still in the budget process, but the yield numbers out. I'm looking after the full year and this isn't, I mean I may have to go back and push back to anybody that came in a level that was very comfortable to me, relative to the model. So I could say that and that skewed a little bit because at the first quarter, as you said, if the booking patterns continue the way we see it. We can finish the year, with a positive 1%, but that's a huge, I got to tell you, given the market dynamics in the first quarter and the fact, that we have Sochi and the Bud Light Hotel in the first quarter, that's a phenomenal result because it was a huge, huge number from the Sochi incremental amount. So to give you a little bit of color on that and as Wendy mentioned on the conference call, just one other thing. Remember, it is really on as an organic year, other than on the margin, right. So the Getaway you're going to have four sailings to six sailings into the beginning of the year and Escape by the time it gets into a service. It is just four sailings to six sailings in the back end of the year. So it's, I think it will be a testament of us, as an organization. How we operate in an organic environment? We did this in other years and prove ourselves, where we were able to drive very good yields and we are up to the task again.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, so remember, we took the ship. It wasn't due for drydock for more than a 1 year and we got so anxious to get the O'Sheehan Pub and Churrascaria situated in the right areas and all of that. So that's why we set the drydock prematurely and once we went through and sharpened our pencils. We said, hey, this doesn't have to be done until more inconsistent with a requirement. So we pushed that out. So when these numbers $2 million and $3 million is part of the benefit and you've got some [indiscernible] they're taking out for the workers that are doing the work and they're also getting the scrubbers up and running too. So there is a lot of trust going on, in the fourth quarter relative to getting the ship to the level that we believe, drive the excitement of the brand. You had some other stuff.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, we don't want to get into too specific. You're asking us questions nobody gives, you that kind of detail and we are only one brand. I would say that, it was probably a little bit over a point of the growth, we are not getting more specific than that. 
Kevin Sheehan: Well, let me start with that. I mean, I can't really quote too much MSC. It's a great brand. It's a family-owned entity. As you know, they're moving out of the Caribbean as the winter season ends and going back to Europe. So you know, you can do your own thoughts on that. You have to remember MSC is a great brand over in Europe and it's really not in consistently in the United States and it's a massive ship, a massive huge ship what they port in here, along with as you know all the inventory that we talked at the length about. So I think some of that is reality, at getting them in their comfort zone, guests on their ships in their core markets. So that's, that. As far as Europe, we see that continuing, we feel the pricing in Europe will – remember, we said we had great pricing as an industry in 2014. Let's be real about it. We all had a lot of carnage in '12 and '13. So getting positive pricing is good, of course, but we have a road to go and I think, we are all focused as an industry on getting back to our rightful place and so I think that's a two year, three year journey, but we see good pricing in Europe continuing. As far as Asia, which I think was the last piece. Yes, Prestige of course is a very global brands both Oceania and Regent. They both go too well over 300 destinations over the course of the year throughout Asia and other markets around the globe. Yes, there is learnings on that, for us of course. We also have had learnings from Star Cruises. So Steve, the point is, you know there is a lot of inventory going over to those markets and Kevin, is a little bit more conservative, yell at me, if you want and the other guys joke about. Hey, you're not going to come in, until we all break the market in and then you're going to come in and wash away and then I said, that's really what you do, when you have 13 ships going to 14, 15, 16, 17 over six-year period. So we are going to be cautious, we are going to stay where we know, we have a return that we can continue to deliver the consistency that you've seen since 6.5 years or whatever it is ago, and we will be open of course and as we get out in the future. You know whether it's '16-ish, you should start to see us having a much clear strategy about us because we do believe, we have guests that want us to be us in those markets and we will overtime get there, but again, with an air of caution.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, a great question and something we're talking about. I'm not a 100% sure, whether it does or doesn't, but you're right. The yields that would be gone, under one of the other brands would be higher, but we think, we have the ability using their marketing approach to benefit greatly from the Delta that's there today, but that is something that is on the cards. You know we have, new leaders on the three brands and that's going to be an intellectual conversation that we will have amongst ourselves and we're going to do. As you know, everything we do, at Norwegian at the end of the day, is with a view to our shareholders. We are here to drive value for our shareholder and so if you're right and that would be a better results, we'd be open to anything. 
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, through 2015 and some of the senior people from Prestige as well. So but it wasn't a big deal because everybody gets it and is excited about where we are going, so I mean we could have done. I probably could have said more if we wanted it, but I think you want to also see some liquidity start to open up, into our shares, but you know the way I look at it is. Now that we become, a bigger company, a big market cap company. The remaining private equity and [indiscernible] holdings. To me are three big shareholders and we look at them. Of course, they have a little bit different terms, but we look at them as three big investors, no different than the other investors that we have, we're working for everybody.
Kevin Sheehan: Thanks, everybody and thanks for your time and your support, look forward to our next quarter and as always, we are here to answer your questions, if there is anything that we haven't covered. Thanks, so much.
