Harry Sommer: Well, thank you, Mark. So before turning it over to Q&A, I'd love to leave you with some key takeaways, which you can also see on Slide 22. First, we are focused on execution of the near-term priorities outlined today, including the delivery of 2 new builds in the coming months, while simultaneously fine-tuning our vision of the future. With new leadership in many functions, including my own, we are approaching this exercise of open minds and a fresh perspective as we work to best position the company for success.  Second, our target higher-end demographic continues to be healthy and resilient with strong demand for travel and experiences. This is demonstrated by our strong revenue performance, a record up 33% in the quarter with our strong book position, which when looking over the next 12 months is within our sweet spot range of approximately 60% to 65% booked and at higher prices and advanced customer deposits of $3.5 billion, 52% over Q2 2019. Third, we are demonstrating the results of our margin enhancement initiatives, including through our efforts to maximize revenue, improve efficiencies and right size costs. We now have 2 straight quarters of sequential improvement in our key cost metrics and we'll continue to identify and implement additional measures to accelerate our margin recovery while still delivering the exceptional product and service offerings that our guests desire.  Lastly, our liquidity position is solid and we are committed to prioritizing restoration of our balance sheet and reducing leverage in the coming years. We've covered a lot today. So I'll conclude our commentary here and open up the call for your questions.
Harry Sommer: Sure, Jessica. I'm happy to, and that's really a great question. I wouldn't say there are big challenges for growth. If anything, what we have is a huge opportunity. While we're always keeping a keen eye on growing revenue on our existing fleet while tempering costs, growth in the cruise industry is mainly predicated on capacity. And this year, we had 3 vessels entering the fleet, one for each of our award-winning brands, which is the first for our company. This growth allows us to take more guests to more destinations and offer them more varied experiences while contributing to the top and bottom line right off the bat. In addition, with no scheduled shift deliveries in 2024, we have ample opportunity to divest its capacity at high sizes while preparing for new capacity entering our fleet in 2025. So to me, it's not about challenges of growth. It's optimizing the opportunity we have for our new capacity and doing what we have consistently done in the past, which has translated that to outsized impact to our bottom line.
Harry Sommer: Sure. I'm happy to take that one. Thanks for the question. I think I can sort of break this up into 3 periods, Q4, 2024 and 2025 and beyond. Q4 still has some comparable distinctions between this year and the past but we are super excited that we're going to see an 18% net per diem growth in '23 versus '19, sort of fully hitting our strides there, and we're pretty well booked for Q4. So we have great confidence in that number. You turn to 2024, we get to a more normalized environment, but we still had some tailwinds on when we compare '24 to '23 because in Q1 of 2023, we were 100% back up in service. So I think we can expect some outsized growth in '24 relative to '23. On a more long-term basis, return back to norm. We've consistently talked about having low to mid-single-digit yield increases year-over-year with moderate and disciplined capacity growth, strong cost control while maintaining high guest satisfaction all leading to the type of oversight dividend earnings growth you saw during our run from '14 to '19. So I think once we get back to '25, that's exactly the path we'll be on again.
Harry Sommer: So it's a great question. I think there were 2 parts, so I'll try to address both of them. On the cost side, we are really excited about the efforts that we make and you continue to see the sequential modest improvements in costs, Q1 to Q2 to Q3 and Q4 despite the fact that inflation is still out there for the fact that we continue to reduce our cost structure each quarter, it's not just a reduction in the base but also fighting against inflation. So we're really excited when you can see that number come down. But Mark also alluded to, we're just maybe in the fourth inning of this cost reduction strategy, if I was to use a baseball analogy. And we still believe there are more efforts ahead. We have not baked in anything that we haven't found yet. Our guidance numbers only include what we've identified and what we firmly are able to implement, but we hope to be able to deliver a little bit more in the future.  In terms of the guest rebooking behavior, we're simply put, we're at record levels. Across all 3 of our brands, we are seeing -- the one measure that's most relevant internally is we take a look at first-time guests and how -- and when and how much or what percentage of them, I should say, rebooked within the first year or 2 coming back, and the guests coming off the ships in '23 are relooking at record levels compared to '18, '19 and the further back period. So, so far, the formula seems to be working quite well.
Harry Sommer: Patrick, it's a good question. I believe it's fully sustainable. We don't necessarily see this huge revenge travel being a huge club nor the levels that we are going at today, diminishing. My best proxy is the Norwegian Cruise Line brand because it's our largest brand and when we look at bookings for this year, every month, it's been a record month in terms of new booking volume. January was the best January in the history of a company, February to February, cleared through July, which just ended yesterday, which was the best dividend in the history of the company. And in fact, our second best booking month of the year, which is a little bit odd because usually July and August is a little bit slower due to action, and the like. Onboard pet similarly, every month continues to be good. We're not seeing any weakness. We're not seeing any denigration of trends. There's nothing super unusual that we're doing in bundling today compared to '19. We continue to refine our processes and make the marketing and product proposition a little bit better each quarter than the quarter before. But I don't anticipate any huge changes for '24 either. I think the numbers you see today are the numbers that we would expect to improve ongoing into '24.
Harry Sommer: Thanks, Brian. Great question. I think with our deployment strategy, most of the demand that we're seeing today and over the last quarter, is primarily focused on 2024. I think we mentioned in our commentary, but if we did, and I'll mention it now, that over the last 13 weeks, over 70% of our new booked revenue was for '24 and '25 departures. So in that respect, this acceleration in demand, the record booking levels that I discussed really are increasing our optimism about 2024. Obviously, in prior guidance, we did assume some bookings, right, for the back half of the year, and they're coming to fruition just as we expected, but these records are really helping to firm up the '24 book position. I mean this record booking window of 255 days, which is 51 days ahead of where we are in '19 is a huge number for the company and again, really gives us confidence for 2024 and beyond.
Harry Sommer: And James, I'll just take this opportunity to reiterate a comment that Mark made in his prepared remarks that we have paid down $1.4 billion of debt in the first half of the year which we're super excited about.
Harry Sommer: Well, I think Conor, it's a little bit of both, right? With new leadership team, we have to set a culture that's going to work for us in the mid- to long term. And I'm really excited that the entire leadership group, both the new members and the existing ones are embracing. But if I was to sum it up in one sentence, we're looking to build a culture where we're firmly focused on margin enhancements that we discussed while at the same time delivering exceptional guest experience. And it's really a fine line to walk -- I mean you can cut costs and have a worse guest experience. That's not what we're looking to do. Maybe in the past, we were a little bit overly focused on the guest experience without the cost side of it. The question is, how do we balance both of it. And I have to say, I'm excited. Mark and I have both talked about the reduction, the sequential improvement in our underlying core plus over all 4 quarters of this year, while at the same time our guest satisfaction continues to do very well. Our first guest repeat rate is at record levels, really good guest satisfaction scores, advanced bookings through the root. So this formula seems to be working well. To do this right, it has to take more than one quarter because we're not looking to do anything drastic. We're looking to do this a little bit at a time and make sure that we monitor it closely, and that's what we're going to continue to do.  Thank you, Conor. So with that, Maria, we have time for one last question. So please call it out.
Harry Sommer: So Dan, great question. So first off, we are absolutely focused on yield and cost, right? Because ultimately, margin is a combination of those 2 numbers. I think I discussed in one of the earlier questions that we think we can do an outsized job in 2024 in yield growth somewhat because of the tailwinds we saw in Q4 and '23 when we weren't fully back up to operations, but also because of all the healthy consumer demand metrics that we're seeing over the last few months that we believe will continue into the future. And on a long-term basis, we are committed to a low to mid-single-digit yield increases with moderate and disciplined capacity growth as we had in 2014 to 2019.  So that absolutely will continue. In terms of long-term target, we think about it a lot, but I've been on the job now for 30 days. So a little bit early for me to go all in. I've been spending a lot of time with our -- on our ships, with our operations folks, with our employees, with our travel agency community, with our customers, spending some time with the investment community as well. And we believe by early '24, we'll be in the position to provide not only guidance for '24, of course, but also long-term metrics on how we view the future EBITDA margin, yield and cost components of the business going forward.  Okay. So once again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We'll be around to answer any questions you may have. Have a great day. Stay safe and all the best. Bye now.
Mark Kempa: And Vince, just to highlight that. I think last quarter, we had mentioned record sales of our Cruise -- next certificates. And again, not just another anecdotal point that consumers on board our ships are enjoying their vacation. They're satisfied with the product. Everything we're doing on the cost reduction front is under the lens of protecting the guest experience and the product. So we monitor that closely. And so far, we are seeing positive reception to everything we're doing.
Mark Kempa: Thanks for the question. So in Q4, when we talk about our pricing or yield, pricing is expected to be up approximately 18%. And as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, if you adjust for the new capacity as well as the favorable year-over-year comps, that 18% would translate to about 10% of your organic fleet. So very, very strong growth consistent with what we've seen over the last 2 to 3 quarters. So we're very, very pleased with that. In terms of Q3, the onetime nonrecurring benefit, we highlighted that because we didn't want to take artificial credit so to speak, for our cost-reduction initiatives. And that was simply a benefit that we received as a result of some port volume commitments accruals that we had during the course of COVID. We were able to negotiate with the various ports around the world to reduce that. So we didn't want to take credit for that because it's a onetime nonrecurring, so we called that out. And then in Q4, again, trying to be ultra-transparent on the surface, it would appear that our net cruise cost ticks up slightly by $1. But if you really look at that and you exclude the onetime start-up operating costs for both Viva and Granger, which come on in the fourth quarter, and you really rightsize that to a normal run rate that is actually reduced by $1 or $2. So again, what we're trying to do is show that we have sequential improvement in our core fundamental operating costs, and you're seeing that over the course of all 4 quarters in the year.
Mark Kempa: And Patrick to further highlight on that is we've talked about we have more touch points with the consumer well prior to the consumer ever stepping on board ship, onboard the vessel. So we're getting more share of the wallet from the consumer ahead of that. And I think one of our stats that we talked about, our prebooked revenue was up by almost 70% versus 2019. So again, it's a longer elongated sales cycle that just helps build that overall onboard revenue product. So we are not seeing any signs of any consumer deterioration. In fact, we continue to see strength on that and we're very happy with that. We continue to see -- expect that to be strong.
Mark Kempa: Yes. So we're very happy with that. So with that, that essentially we have 0 collateral with any of our reserve holders as of the quarter end. So that was not only a significant boost to our liquidity profile long term. But more importantly, as I said in my prepared remarks is that it demonstrates confidence in the business from a completely external partner who has no stake in the game other than their inherent risk on advanced ticket sales. So again, we see that as a big demonstration of confidence in the business and where the trajectory of the business is going.
Mark Kempa: Steve, it's a good question. I don't look at this as a huge material change in our cost structure. It will be a modest tailwinds having 2% less guests on the ship and the 2% less guests that we have are primarily young children, which aren't particularly expensive. This really isn't about our cost structure. This is really about yield and EBITDA where we believe being in more premium itineraries that are booked further in vans, giving us a much longer booking curve and a more stable and predictable demand profile, which allows us to manage demand, manage our marketing a little bit more effectively and not rely so much on close-in, unstable and unpredictable demand is really a key to our success. I think both Mark and I commented on the higher rebooking rates, the higher BNS ticket sales, the higher revenue, the higher booking window, all of these positives which seem to endorse our strategy, which I think we'll see the full benefit of in 2024 as we then will have gone through a full year cost structure.  So I mean, listen, bottom line is we're committed to getting back to the EBITDA margins that we saw back in '19 over time. It's going to take us a little time to get there, but we're looking at the trends, and we see a path towards that and we think this premium deployment, which we already started shifting to in '18, '19 will be a vehicle that will allow us to continue on that path. And I'll remind you, we have always had industry-leading yields and we continue to have industry-leading yields far above the competitive set, and we believe that this deployment strategy will allow us to continue with that.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Look, Steve, obviously, as we're looking to 2024, we're still early in the -- we're in the planning process. And as I said, I think we're probably halfway through the baseball game, so to speak, in terms of initiatives. So we fully anticipate that we're going to improve on that. One note, as I did say in my prepared remarks is we have to keep in mind that there is going to be some dry dock pressure in 2024 when you compare that to '23. But excluding that, I would venture to say that we're going to continue to see improvement in our core fundamental cost structure. So we're working hard. Hopefully, we've demonstrated and given you confidence that quarter-over-quarter, we sequentially continue to improve. We think there's more -- we think there's more to go after, and we're going after it. We're going to do it in a methodical manner, but protecting that guest experience. So stay tuned for the next few quarters to come, and I think we'll continue to show improvement.
Mark Kempa: So Brandt, I would not take it as any sort of sign of deceleration in demand. It's just simply a function of our itineraries, we're more fully booked than we ever have been, and there's just not a lot left to sell, so which is a good thing. That gives us more stability and predictability over our numbers. So if anything, that said, there's always -- as we talked about, the consumer is strong onboard revenue trends continue to do well. So I think if there's going to be any room for upside, it's going to be on continued strength of the consumer spend on board.
Mark Kempa: I think, Brandt, this is really the first quarter or the second quarter where marketing spend was sort of normal, where we were able to judge each of the individual projects that we do in marketing and see normal ROI, normal returns, normal gets demand. But of course, we weren't just waiting through the last couple of quarters to refine our marketing machine. We've gone all in with marketing analytics. We've done some work with AI, machine learning, all those terms to really refine our individual marketing efforts and what we spend in each individual channel.  The best example I can give you on the NCL brand, our spend today on a booking basis, it's similar to what we were doing in '19, but we're generating nearly double the lease right, which is sort of a customer that raises their hand. We think that's fantastic. Conversion rates continue well, which is one of the things that's leading to these record bookings. And as long as we continue refining our analytics around marketing, we're happy with the spend levels.
Mark Kempa: Well, James, I think our pricing continues to be very strong. And I think out of the gate, we set very high levels. So again, I wouldn't read into anything whether or not that's -- if there's any deceleration, there is flow through. And the fact that we're still guiding, reiterating 9% to 10.5% growth. So very strong -- we don't have a lot of inventory left to sell, which is by design. So I think it's really going to be on the back of what does the onboard spend level do. And as we've touched on here and several times before, it continues to be very strong. But while we have good visibility on that, there is always some variability on that. So it remains to be seen. And -- but everything we're seeing is we're seeing strength and demand across all sectors of the industry.
Mark Kempa: Well, we're -- James, we're always looking for opportunities to optimize our debt structure. And I think we were very fortunate in 2022 to get rid of some of our higher cost debt that was incurred during the pandemic. So we don't have any double-digit notes that are out there. As I did say, we will be out in the market later this year in normal course to refinance or amend and extend our operating facilities, which is our term loan A and our revolver. Beyond that, our next big slug of debt as it comes due in December of 2024. We have notes that are out there. And we'll look over the course of the next 12 months, what to do with that. But as the cash machine continues to ramp up, as advanced ticket sales continue to ramp up, as EBITDA and margin continues to improve, that is the number one thing we're focused on is delevering to -- in order to help derisk the stock.  So we're going to -- we're focused on that. We've done this before. It's going to take a little bit of time. But I think there's more to see over the course of the next 12 to 18 months.
