Mark A. Kempa: Yeah. Thanks, Felicia. Yes, we did raise our yield guidance for the balance of the year. And that's despite FX headwinds in the top line. The beat in Q1 was really from – we rolled over the beat in Q1, I should say, and then we raised the outlook for the year and it was driven by strong demand across all three brands. We're in a better book position and we just have a lot more visibility and confidence in the outlook.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah. That's primarily EBITDA driven. Any debt repayment that we've – that we completed that debt repayment at the latter – tail end of Q1, early part of Q2, and no, we have not contemplated any further to get to that target.
Mark A. Kempa: Patrick, the $264 million we already completed in Q1. That was part of our prior share repurchase authorization.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, that's about right, Felicia. The Eastern Caribbean comes back to our fleet in fourth quarter, and it is performing better in both load and pricing as it did this time last year. And remember that this time last year the hurricanes hadn't occurred yet. So, we're very pleased with the way the Eastern Caribbean has come back in Q4.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. So the prices today compared to where the prices were last year is a tougher comparison because whatever erosion there was on price after the hurricane had not yet occurred. So the answer to your question is yes. Today's prices for the Eastern Caribbean in Q4 are better than they were same time last year and certainly better where they ended. And to the point about the – your second point about the three and four day cruises, I'll turn that over to Andy who's got a better handle on that.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. We're going to talk a lot about this at Investor Day on Friday, Steve. But I can tell you that remember 2019 is primarily an organic year for us with Norwegian Encore not coming online until very late in the year, middle of November. But as I look at the core business today how is it shaping up for 2019? Should we be optimistic? And the answer is yes. Across all segments the business is ahead of this time last year. Remember this time last year for 2017, it was fantastic. Record bookings for 2017. Everybody was very giddy about what was going to happen in 2017. And 2017 turned out to be a record year in the industry despite what happened in September with the hurricane. So the fact that we are ahead today in both load and in pricing should under normal circumstances dispel any kind of concern that there may be in the marketplace about the industry's ability to absorb capacity, the industry's ability to bounce back after the hurricanes, sustained growth in our European business. All those myths and that's what they are, myths should be dispelled by not only our commentary, but those of our peers in the industry.
Frank J. Del Rio: I'm going to give you a rainbow of colors on that on Friday at the Investor Day. But for this purpose, I will tell you that we consider our bundling strategy to be a competitive advantage and you'll clearly see what I mean by that on Friday. We've begun rolling it out to other markets, international markets in Europe, we started rolling it out this winter in China and the preliminary results are very promising. We see an extension of the booking curve. We see higher ticket pricing as a result of it and we've begun seeing better onboard spend as well. So it's something that is core to our go-to-market strategy and something we'll continue to do.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. I think that's a good observation. So some of our brands began pivoting, if you will focusing on 2019 over 2018 in early March because that's how well they're booked for 2018. And others are just about to begin that pivot in the next week or so. The good news is that at least in our case we're not spending any more marketing dollars in total to the degree that there is more inventory to sell in 2019 and we will spend that money accordingly. But yes, I think that's another data point that should be encouraging to investors that the pivot to the following year's inventory is occurring certainly earlier than last year and perhaps earlier than ever. And that again at least in our case that we're not envisioning spending more. We're just spending it in a different time period.
Frank J. Del Rio: Not at all. I think, I know, which entrant you might be referring to. And what we have seen is a very responsible way in which they have introduced their new hardware into the marketplace, again another data point that suggests that the overall health of the market and that of the Caribbean is strong enough to absorb a relatively new entrant with new hardware. And so we're not again seeing any disruptions in the marketplace, nothing that we or our peers in the public space have had to do to respond to an assault from a new entrant, if you will. It's pretty much business as usual. And we wouldn't be better booked at higher prices if that wasn't the case.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. We don't segment report like those numbers. We will give you more color on Friday about our industry leading onboard revenue generation and we'll give you more color on that. But we saw strong first quarter onboard spending trends ex-China, so we're very happy with the onboard spend. It's another data point. Now one thing is the booking curve where people today feel confident enough to be booking their cruises a year or more further out. And a more current data point will be, well, what's happening today, what happened last week onboard your ships in terms of onboard revenue. And onboard revenue has been very, very strong throughout Q1 and I see it continuing so far into Q2.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, so that's something that's been on our minds for quite some time over the last few years. We are in the process of retrofitting our legacy fleet with scrubber technology. All of our new builds are going to be delivered with scrubbers in place. And right now, our best visibility in 2020 is that we'll have a mix change. Today, we burn roughly 70% HFO, 30% MGO. We anticipate that would probably go to somewhere around 40% HFO, 60% MGO. And just to give a little bit more context around that, we expect around 65% of our operational capacity in 2020 will have scrubber technology. And then thereafter we will in 2020 and 2021 we'll have additional capacity coming online.
Frank J. Del Rio: No, I don't think so, Steve. We've spent quite a bit of money refurbishing our vessels. We have the youngest fleet in the industry, so we're not in that situation. We have a small fleet. We have many underserved markets. A preponderance of our deployments are to premium price destinations. One of the reasons why we lead the industry on a capacity day basis and EBITDA per berth. So, no, I don't see the price of fuel causing at least us any kind of accelerated retirements, not at all.
Frank J. Del Rio: Okay. I'll try to remember all of your questions. The upscale brands are performing extremely well. The forward booking curve for the upscale brands continue to expand. As I mentioned, Splendor that doesn't start operating until 2020 had a record booking day by over 30% and that should give you a proxy by which you can think about the rest of the fleet at the upscale brands. At Norwegian Cruise Lines, the year-over-year increase in load factor is truly impressive. And it's across the new ships, across the legacy fleet, across all destinations. And to have that combination with higher pricing, I can't say it enough, I see absolutely no effect of all the things, the big boogeyman that some investors are worried about, I just don't see it coming. In terms of China as I've said in my most recent commentary I continue to be encouraged about China. I feel better about China today than I certainly did six months ago. The reduction in capacity in China that's coming up starting in Q3 of this year without any new addition is certainly helping the situation in terms of the supply demand balance. We see pricing up in the last – in the second half of the year, up solid mid-single digits from our first year introduction. And that's important because typically in the second year of a ship being introduced you have a dip in the yield growth and what we're seeing the opposite in China. And then we're optimistic about our ability to meaningfully increase onboard spend in China from the introduction of our Joy At Sea promotion which is a – the same concept of bundling that we've been able to introduce successfully in North America and throughout Europe. We're going to test to see whether the Chinese consumer likes free stuff just like the rest of the world does, and I'm hopeful that they do.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Thank you. Our Europe business continues to perform very, very well across all three brands both in Northern Europe and the Mediterranean, all solid year-over-year pricing gains and the load factors are extremely well sold. I think, you've heard me say in previous calls that our go-to-market strategy in Europe, our bundling strategy that we've laid out throughout Europe is causing us to be agnostic as to where the consumer comes from. We're chasing what you would call the best customer and it's proven to be strong and we're going to have a lot of discussion about this on Friday on earnings day. But the North American consumer is returning to Europe in a very, very big way. The trend that we saw last year where the numbers for the North American sourced business was very, very strong. It's continuing and the strength is being seen in the pricing that we're able to command in the marketplace. So, I think that Europe overall is going to be a very, very good news story in 2018.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Hi, Jamie. Look, I think the whole industry wants to shift away from the charter model, because, as you know, one of the most important functions of a cruise line is its ability to yield manage. And in essence, the charter business doesn't allow you to yield manage anywhere near the way that you can in the more traditional model that we have in North America. So we along with the rest of the industry is moving away. Less than 20% of our overall business in 2018 will be full ship charters and we believe that number will below 10% in 2019. So certainly the trend is moving away from full ship charters. But there is still a long ways to go from moving away from full ship charters to being – to having a travel agent dominant marketplace where hundreds of travel agents fill a particular sailing. Ultimately that's where we need to go. That's the most efficient way of distributing our products across a broad market. And I believe that as the Chinese market matures and people from – throughout China and not just the greater metropolitan Shanghai area or Tianjin area get exposed to cruising, but that's exactly what will happen.
Frank J. Del Rio: We manage the business for the long term. And while I am disappointed as many other investors are in the share price today, we think it is ridiculously low. It is what it is. And sooner or later it will right itself. We do believe that for the long term to delever from where we are today is important. And we'll talk more about that as well at Investor Day and how we plan on delevering and returning capital to shareholders. I don't think, Jared, that will change that strategy. It's something that the board and I feel strongly about to delever to those levels and to reach our target lever area that again we'll share with you on Friday.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Business has been pretty steady throughout 2018 so far. As I've said earlier, some of our brands have begun to pivot to booking more 2019 than 2018. So the overall volume has remained pretty much the same throughout the first four months of the year, but some of that volume has diverted to 2019 inventory.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. So if you recall that at the end of the year we said that our booking curve has improved some 18% from the prior year at year-end. And today that trend has continued. You never know what the optimal booking curve is. I don't have that answer. What I have said is if you can continue to stretch that booking curve further and further into the future, while at the same time raising prices, then I think you're onto something. And that's what we do and that's what we have been doing. And that's why you see, for example, as a data point, when we introduced Splendor, which doesn't come out until Q1 of 2020, how well booked she is. And that gives you an idea of the overall sense of the marketplace. So the booking curve is at a longer point today than it was a year ago and that's why 2019 is booked as well as it is, not to mention those very early 2020, can't believe we're even talking about 2020. But, yeah, booking curve is at a longer point today than a year ago and that's contributing certainly to our confidence to be able to raise prices along the way.
Frank J. Del Rio: And we're going to remain opportunistic. We'll see how things transcend through the year. We're still very focused on delevering to the low 3s. But we're doing well. We're generating free cash, and we'll use it the best way we can noting that it is our strong intent to begin to meaningfully return capital to shareholders in the coming year.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, Tim, you know how M&A works. You can't really count on it. You always keep your options open. You talk to all the investment bankers who have something to offer. But this is a highly consolidated industry already. That's how we got here. Not sure there's much left. And I'll leave it at that. It's not something that we are out there shaking the bushes pursuing because we have to have an acquisition in order to make our numbers and to show a healthy growth rate. We've got a very disciplined newbuild program that takes one vessel per year. We have the youngest fleet in the industry. We generate the highest yields in the industry. We generate the highest EBITDA per bed in the industry. So quite frankly, we don't have to have in any way, shape, or form an M&A transaction to beef up that growth profile. If one comes along that's accretive to earnings, we'll certainly take a look at it, but it's not something that we must have.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating in this morning's call. And I look forward to seeing most of you, if not all of you, on Friday onboard our beautiful new Norwegian Bliss. Thank you and have a great day.
