Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. Next week the cruise industry's newest port of call, Harvest Caye, will open for guests sailing Western Caribbean voyages. Located off the southern coast of Belize, this tropical destination is unique in the industry offering visitors the option of experiencing a 5-star resort-style beach getaway or exciting eco-friendly excursions on the mainland. The responsible environmentally sensitive development of this island has been a priority for Norwegian since day one. Its privileged location near the world's second largest barrier reef meant that an even higher level of care and planning was necessary to complete the final product. And what a product it is, this unique and unparalleled eco-oriented destination immerses guests in the flora, fauna and culture of Belize through its nature center, extensive green areas, and shops run by local Belizean artisans. We look forward to her debut next week as the premier destination in the Western Caribbean. And from the warm waters of Southern Belize we turn our attention to the Pacific Northwest, where Norwegian recently revealed plans for its upcoming 2018 new build, the Norwegian Bliss. As the pioneer of cruising to Alaska from Seattle, it was only fitting that Norwegian returned to the Emerald City to debut its first ship to enter service directly into an Alaska deployment. Details regarding the ship's features will be revealed over the coming months but one recent partnership we are happy to announce is with Wyland, the world-renowned wildlife artist who Norwegian commissioned to design the hall art for Norwegian Bliss. His design, "Cruising with the Whales", depicts the majesty and diversity of the waters of Alaska and the Pacific Northwest. The importance of protecting Alaska's delicate ecosystem is paramount, which is why Norwegian Bliss will not only be our first ship to debut in Alaska, it will also be the first to debut in the market with exhaust gas scrubbers, which reduce emissions of sulfur into the air by up to 99%. The attention paid to environmental concerns in the development of Harvest Caye and the deployment of scrubber fitted Norwegian Bliss demonstrates Norwegian's continued commitment to protecting the oceans and the destinations in which we sail. As part of our continued commitment to green systems and technology, Norwegian Jewel, Norwegian Pearl and Norwegian Gem were each successfully retrofitted this year with new closed loop exhaust gas scrubber systems similar to Norwegian Bliss, which will significantly reduce air emissions thus reducing our fleet's environmental footprint. These are just a couple of the examples of our overall sustainability efforts of which I look forward to sharing more details with you in the future. Before turning the call over to questions, I'd like to once again thank everyone who contributed to the success of Norwegian's first 50 years, and to also thank those working on the numerous exciting initiatives that are already contributing to a strong start to our next 50. From our upcoming debut in China, to our newest island destination, to our flagship in Alaska, these initiatives are positioned us to continue delivering strong growth in revenue, return on invested capital, and earnings well into the future. And with that, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Frank J. Del Rio: Look, we don't want to go a whole lot into 2017 expectations. That's what Q1 is all about. What we're saying is, since we last spoke, two items, FX and fuel have gone against us. And if those trends continue, those are headwinds to our previously stated 2017 expectation. So we just want to alert you that those items are real. They've occurred; they are occurring; they are beyond our control.
Frank J. Del Rio: Hi, Robin. Yes, the statements excluded Joy. As you know, the charter model in China is very different than what we are accustomed to here. So, in all the numbers that we have provided you, the effects of Joy are excluded. We are continuing to be very bullish on China. Everything that we've seen thus far continues to confirm our expectations that China will be accretive, that China's pricing as we see by the charter contracts we have under our belt thus far are consistent with our prior statement of expecting pricing up some 20% over the Norwegian fleet average. And in terms of 2017, yeah, loads right now are flat to slightly higher than they were this time last year. But it's very important to understand, and Wendy mentioned that in her prepared remarks, if you recall the series of events that really hurt the business last year, particularly in the Med, began just about now a year ago – November 13, if my memory serves right. And, so especially, when it has to do with pricing, the pricing that we have on the books today a year ago and how we ended were very different. Remember, a year ago today, we still believed that we were aiming for a much higher 2017 earnings per share that the Med primarily caused us to ultimately take down. So you have to understand that when you're looking at the business today versus a year ago, you have to take into consideration those series of events that damaged the business going forward. So not until we have an opportunity to lap this period are they really comparable. It's not so much on load, because load is load. It's more on pricing. So we're very pleased where we stand on load, especially for the first half of the year. We're okay with where we stand for load for the full-year. Our first half pricing is very strong. It's where the second half, which is primarily driven by heavy concentration of Mediterranean cruising, where this year-over-year comparison has got to be carefully analyzed, because you're comparing two very different periods.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I think you answered my question for me, or at least you tried. So let me clarify. Look, we still are very well positioned for 2017, like we were last time we spoke. In fact, if anything, we're better positioned in some ways. Certainly first half. We're not going to provide a whole lot more guidance on 2017. I don't even want to use the word guidance. It's more of an indication. It's next quarter when we provide more clear guidance, but 2017 will greatly depend on the Mediterranean. It is by far the highest yielding itineraries across the board today. Again, if you compare where we are on pricing for second half to where we were this time last year, it's a negative. But this time last year didn't sustain. Pricing eroded and eroded significantly because of all the events that occurred which resulted in what we're going to generate in terms of earnings per share this year, which, by the way, is a record for the company, but lower than what we expected. Look, double-digit is a broad statement, and I'm not necessarily walking away from our prior comment, but I just think at this juncture, still very early vis-à-vis 2017. We ought to leave it at that. I will point out as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that business from North American source consumers, especially for Mediterranean sailing for 2017, have been up significantly. Double-digits. Strong double-digits across all three brands in the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks. And we would expect that given that we have not had any major geopolitical events occur since mid-July. That healing process that we always talk about has finally taken hold, and business has begun to come back as we would expect. So if this trend continues, we will soon begin to lap prior year weakness, as the prior year began to take the effects of the geopolitical events that hopefully we won't have this year.
Frank J. Del Rio: That's a complicated question to answer, Harry, with any great detail. But, what I would point you to is at this time last year, the company still believed that we could deliver our original earnings per share growth, and in spite of tight cost controls, the reason we had to take our earnings guidance down for both 2016 and 2017 was because of the significant yield deterioration that we saw, primarily in Mediterranean sailing.
Frank J. Del Rio: No, I don't think so. Let's take ship by ship, Escape is performing very, very well in the Caribbean, for 2017, is performing extremely well. Especially in the second quarter and third quarters, when we have moved Getaway to Baltic, which is also performing extremely well compared to what her performance had been in the Caribbean. In terms of Explore, the Regent Explore, she had just a gangbuster record-setting year in 2016 in both loads and yields, setting brand records. And as we look at 2017, that vessel is also continuing the same trends that we saw in 2016. In fact, her pricing is up over 2016 even though she's going to be operating a full-year as opposed to in 2016, her inaugural season, where she came in midyear which is the high season. Sirena, the Oceania vessel that came in April of 2016, is probably the one that performed the least well, and that's primarily because the Oceania brand had five of her six ships in Europe, three of her six ships in the Mediterranean in 2016. So it's a little bit of bad luck that we put a vessel for the Oceania brand in the market that took the brunt of the geopolitical events. The good news going forward is that neither Oceania nor Regent have any new capacity coming online until 2020. At the Norwegian brand the new capacity in 2017 is going to China, and I gave you commentary in China. We're very pleased with how China is coming along. And so, Norwegian won't have any new capacity for the Western market until 2018 when Norwegian Bliss goes to Alaska.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes, absolutely, Steve. Across-the-board Caribbean is performing very well. Hawaii, Bermuda, and when we say Europe, we have to be careful because the Baltic is performing very, very well. Continues to perform well, it performed well in 2016. So in a nutshell, 2017 depends on Mediterranean. And again, we're cautious about Mediterranean bookings, but the last 8 weeks, 10 weeks have been very strong compared to the same period last year. And, it's important the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks last year were record setting, and were before the series of geopolitical events occurred. So if I'm comparing just the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks, that gives me encouragement in an environment today that is post-geo events, versus the same period last year prior geo events and I'm up, that gives me encouragement that if it continues, the Mediterranean will be a positive contributor towards 2017's result as opposed to it being as negative as it was for 2016.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, we're still on track to make a decision at the end of this year and we'll give you an update at the next earnings call as to which way we're going.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, at least my philosophy is first you make sure you have a good base of occupancy. We were much further behind in obtaining that occupancy for 2017 Mediterranean cruising especially for Q3 and beyond last time we spoke than we are today is the result of that strong performance I have been talking about for the last 8 weeks or 10 weeks. We have closed the gap. And if this continues for the next 8 weeks until yearend, where we had some softness last year as the effect of Paris and then San Bernardino started to take place, we have some year-over-year comps that we believe if the current environment continues, we'll be able to beat. So, look, I think that 2017 is a year of reconciliation for Mediterranean. I don't think it's going to be a record year. I think it'll be a much better year than 2016. We won't see the dilution of pricing throughout the booking cycle as we saw last year due to the successive events, each successive events caused more vacuum in the system and more pricing pressure. So, I see for example, that occupancy should be better this year than last year. If you recall our Q3 occupancy is a couple points below what we did in 2015. We believe that should reverse itself. And our expectations for pricing improvement are very much tempered for 2017. It's very much a show-me. I'm encouraged by what's happened in the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks, but 8 weeks to 10 weeks doesn't make an entire booking cycle. If it continues, we'll have better news to share with you at the next earnings call.
Frank J. Del Rio: Look we all know what double-digit means. I don't want to get cute with you. I don't want to suggest we're walking away from our prior indication. I just want to let you know that those two events occurred. Not events, but those two factors are now weighing against. Quite frankly if the FX turns positively and fuel prices drop, those factors which are negative today can turn positive. But, I think we ought to leave guidance once for the next call. We'll have 90 more days under our belt, have a much better view about 2017, certainly for first half, and a much better view for second half, which is the one, quite frankly, that is more of a question mark today. So, again, you shouldn't read a bear story into it. You shouldn't read a bull story into it. I think that we have performed relatively well this year against some difficult -- in a difficult environment. At the midpoint of our 2016 guidance, we'll deliver earnings per share of 18% plus. And we want to hopefully continue that trend into the future. But I just assume not give you any more details on 2017 than we already have.
Frank J. Del Rio: So there is a lot of inventory yet to book for second half of 2017. If you look at it on a year-over-year basis, we said that on a load basis, the second half is flattish to where we were this time last year with pricing down. And so the good news is I've been mentioning that over the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks, we have seen booking volume exceed that of the same 8 weeks to 10-week period last year, so that we have eaten into the gap that existed. We still have a gap, and if the last 8 weeks or 10 weeks repeat themselves, let's say, over the last 8 weeks of the year to the end of the year, we ought to end the year slightly ahead. But it all depends on whether we continue to realize the trends that we've seen over the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks, which have been strong versus last year, both in load and in pricing.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I'm not hearing negative charter coming out of China. I think that some of the challenges that may have occurred in the last 24 months ago seemed to have waned a bit. I think part of it is, is that the capacity expansion into China in 2017 is somewhat tempered compared to prior years. For example into the Shanghai arena that we're going to be bringing our Norwegian Joy into. If you exclude Norwegian Joy as a participant, capacity in Shanghai is actually slightly down. And so, I'm seeing a pretty positive environment. I know that from our own business, we're very, very pleased with the pace of which our charter contracts are coming in in terms of volume, in terms of what percentage of our capacity is being filled. And I'm very, very pleased at the pricing. The pricing continues to be in line with our previous indication of which, if you recall, it was some 20% better than the Norwegian fleet average. So overall, I think that most competitors if not all competitors, seem to be less or more confident about China than perhaps they were this time last year where there was some question marks. So overall, it's good. We're excited about our growing traction and presence there.
Frank J. Del Rio: Okay. Thanks everyone for your time and support. It's always a pleasure to speak to all of you. And as always, we will be available to answer your questions the rest of the day. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Wendy A. Beck: Yield growth, we're not going to give you guidance, but yes, it will be moderate, and it would also be positive.
Wendy A. Beck: And we did say on the last call that Europe was anticipated to be – or that what we were seeing was down high-single digits. And that did prove out, Harry.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, so we are 79%. We gave a lot of color in the press release, Harry, but we're 79% on average. It's broke out between HFO, 81% at a price just under $60 per barrel. And then for MGO, we are 75% hedged on Brent, and it's about $41 a barrel. And I would also add regarding fuel, we have about a 90% correlation to our hedges to the price we actually pay at the pump. So that puts us about a fourth of our fuel bill in 2017 that's actually subject to market fluctuations.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. Good morning, Steve. It's primarily related to higher participation with our casino player program. So, that's a good thing. But it definitely we saw more participation than what we had anticipated at the time that we gave our guidance.
Wendy A. Beck: Well, yes. I mean, ultimately it's going into our net yields but that's the largest driver was in onboard revenue with casino.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah. So, first off, for Q3, that equated to about $2.3 million in interest expense, and it's about 47 bps year-over-year or potentially, say, $0.06 from a EPS standpoint for full-year.
