Frank Del Rio: Yes, as you recall at the investor conference, one of the drivers of the so-called FDR deal is how do you increase demand which in turn increases per diems which leads to higher yield. And that’s a longer -- longer evolving initiative, it’s already taken hold. I gave you a couple of tidbits of information of how well we are booked into the rest of ‘15 and into ’16. And when you are booked that well, when your load factor is double what it was the same time last year for 2016, unless you're totally asleep at the wheel, which we are not, prices per diem will go up. And so we see various initiatives that will increase our ability to increase yields at a higher clip, at a faster clip than historical averages. We’re not ready to obviously give you a whole lot of color and specifics around what we expect yields to be in 2016. We reiterated yield guidance for the rest of ‘15 but if the booking load factors are as good as we were saying they are, you know what’s going to come next. And that is better price. 
Frank Del Rio: Well, what appears to be every ship in the world is going to China, maybe the rest of the world is a bigger opportunity now in China. I say that only tongue-in-cheek but it is incredible to see our competitors devoting their newest largest, probably their best performing ships to the Chinese market. We have launched the study group that we said we were going to launch back in the investor day conference, we have hired a very seasoned executive who has gone through the process of opening up China for one of our competitors. And so we believe that having him on board with his expertise will quickly increase our overall knowledge of that market. Harry Sommer who now has been our chief integration officer, as soon as the integration efforts are complete by the end of Q2 will transition and lead that effort. And so we've got quite a bit of talent dedicated to that study group. I, of course, will oversee it and we’re still very bullish on China as the rest of the industry seems to be as well. So no real specifics at this time, as I mentioned at the investor conference, we expect to complete our work by year-end and be able to share it with you shortly thereafter. 
Frank Del Rio: The main driver is to increase demand. All of our three brands are taking on additional tonnage over the next few years as I mentioned in my opening comments. And so the most important initiative that any company can undertake is to make sure that you build that capacity coming online. And so a lot of the work that we’re doing is to do everything we can to generate more demand, and part of that is through sales and marketing efforts. You recall that very early in my tenure in Q1 we announced that we were going to increase the sales force to penetrate the under-performing Canadian and California markets for the Norwegian brand and we were going to do more work on the international arena that the Oceania and Regent brands had penetrated the international marketplace a little bit more effectively than Norwegian had up to now. And quite a bit of that money being spent is to do just that, a more pronounced presence in important markets and with the marketing spend that goes with entering those markets.  The second part of the reimbursement is to make the onboard product better, to increase guest satisfaction. If you have happy customers, they are more likely to come back more frequently than if you have unhappy customers. So the Norwegian product is already very good but we want to make it the best it can possibly be and the industry-leading in our space. And so all the monies being spent on the product side are being spent on the Norwegian brand specifically. We’re very happy with the product – onboard product of the Oceania and Regent brands but we do think that the Norwegian brand could improve from where it is today.
Frank Del Rio: By the way, Harry, I didn't answer your second part of your question is that there is absolutely no benefit baked into many of the numbers that we disclosed today, whether it is for ‘15 or ’16. And so we hope that these $20 million initiatives in ’15 and $40 million in ‘16 will lead to a greater demand which will in turn lead to higher per diems and higher yields but we’re assuming for the moment that we’re going to incur the cost and not reap any of the benefits. So we’re being very conservative with this reinvestment program. 
Frank Del Rio: I just want to correct, I think that the comments we made was that by 2017 earnings-per-share would hit $5. And you recall that was against the context at the time of basically the plan that had been in place prior to my arrival, which had included $50 million of synergies. So what we know today – two or three months later, the synergies now are greater than $50 million. Everything that I see at Norwegian from a structural perspective, from a brand perspective, I believe there is improvements that we can achieve whether you want to categorize them as synergies or categorize them as just good old business opportunities that had been neglected, or not been fully exploited, I believe that’s the case. So I believe that $5 is -- I feel stronger today than I did three months ago that the $5 if not more is achievable. A bit too early to quantify how much more. So I don’t want to get into what we’re going to be doing in ’17 because we haven’t gone through ‘16 yet. But there is no reason to believe that those numbers are somewhat conservative at this point.
Frank Del Rio: No, it is apples to apples. We took what Prestige had in the books at this time last year for ‘15 and added the two numbers together. So it is a good number. 
Frank Del Rio: Yes and that’s why we are excited, yes, for the second half of ‘15 and really into ‘16 because the necessary condition in my view of being able to raise prices and per diems and therefore yields is load factor. And when your book is well booked into the future as we are at this point, that bodes very well for constant increases in prices. 
Frank Del Rio: From that perspective, it’s been pretty steady. There isn’t any markets that are – that distinguish themselves either on the high end or the low end. If there is a market that shows a little weakness and I think it’s some leftover fears of the Ebola virus and some of the more exotic itineraries on the Oceania and Regent fleet that touch the African continents and go out to Asia. There is a little weakness there. The good news is that’s a very, very small part of our overall deployment but you issue itineraries a year and half, three years ahead of the actual sailing. So if I had to do all over again I may not have as many sailings in and out of Cape Town, Africa. But they are coming back a bit, I think, as the headline and all the negative news stories about Ebola start to fade in and the world is not coming to an end because of Ebola. But if there was one that I would tell you had a little bit of weakness, it would be that but overall Europe is strong, Alaska is strong, the Caribbean is very good. I mentioned to you how well Escape is going and Escape is a Caribbean ship out of Miami. So when you are booked as well as we are booked into the future given the diversification of itineraries by definition, the areas are all doing pretty well. 
Frank Del Rio: On the beverage, we’ve seen nothing at all. We have not seen a decrease in consumption. It’s pretty much what we thought, if you are thirsty around the pool, and you want a Pepsi in the middle of the ocean, you’re going to buy that Pepsi whether it’s $2.10 which was the old price, or $2.25 which is a new price, so nothing at all. On the more recent introduction of a fleet-wide $7.95 service charge on room service, if you read some of the online blogs, there has been some comments, there always is, no one likes to pay more. But we tested it on two ships in two different price points and we didn’t hear complaints. We improved the menus, so there was a give and take. So yes, you have to pay a delivery charge so that we can deliver faster, because that eliminates some of the folks who order a piece of toast on a cup of coffee in the morning and – but no, overall, all these initiatives that we have put in place that recognize the power of the captive audience that you have without going too far, they’ve all panned out as we expected. 
Frank Del Rio: Yes, but as a general comment, I will tell you that I truly believe that whether you want to consider them formal synergies as I said we need to transition away from just looking at the combination as an opportunity for cost savings and transition to running a business period. We are not done at all on the synergy cost capture. Again we have been here four months now and have found – what we have found nearly $200 million in total but we are not done. Not going to tell you how much more we think we can get but it’s not de minimis. So we are going to continue to focus on costs. There’s lots of more opportunities. We hinted at our investor conference what we thought we could achieve on the back office, on payroll if you will and we hit the top end. Baked into the synergy number for 2016, for example, is a $27 million of headcount reduction and was roughly 10% of our payroll. And we think we are pretty much done there but there are many pockets – in a company that generates $4.5 billion worth of revenue and makes $500 million of the profit, it’s $4 billion of expenses and there is just more to get. So none of that – none of those costs above the $50 million in net synergies that are baked into the $5 in 2017 or the $3.71 I believe in 2016, zero upside to pricing to yields is baked in, whether you want to call it the FDR deal or just the fact that we are still well booked into the future and what’s going to happen next is you are going to see pricing steadily increasing as a result of that strong load factor. None of those factors, both which are positive, are embedded in the $5 in 2017 EPS estimate. And so again I don’t want to start adding A plus B equals C but at this point the $5 is a very well in our focus and it should exceed – the actual results should exceed that $5 target.
Frank Del Rio: Difference is that the 39% encompasses all three brands and the double in load factor in Norwegian only. 
Frank Del Rio: I don’t know what Carnival is doing. I heard what Royal was going and I applaud them. No one likes to see discounts. We think that our go-to-market strategy while eliminating discounts, it certainly minimizes the need for discount because if you are again booked this far in advance like we are, the pricing dynamic is want to increase pricing and not to decrease pricing. So if we are successful at rolling out what we say we are going to do and by definition, the need for massive last minute discounting goes away. 
Frank Del Rio: Thanks everyone for your time and support today. As always, we’ll be available later this afternoon to answer any questions you may have. Operator, thank you for your good work. Good by everyone.
Wendy Beck: And I would just add that we had baked $50 million into the ‘16 synergy number to get to the $5 and so with the net 75 that we put out in our earnings release, that’s an additional 25 million upside to the $5.
Wendy Beck: Robin, we don't actually break out the ticket versus onboard in our guidance. I mean that’s a combined number. But what I can tell you is based on the synergies that we saw roughly two-thirds is going towards onboard and one towards ticket. And the upside or the opportunity for us is to continue to push on the ticket side. 
Wendy Beck: On Q1, yes, 75% I would say is ticket and the way that – that actually skews more towards Norwegian and then the onboard upside really skews more towards Oceania and Regent.
Wendy Beck: Yes, so if you go back – when we put out our Q3 earnings call we actually said at that time that we had hoped that Q1 would be up -- either flat to up 1% and then we guided down but as we went into the quarter we were up high on our per diems but we were actually down on our load. And that was one of the first changes that was made here with the new management team, was let’s get loaded and then once we get it loaded, we will start increasing the revenue and we changed the marketing initiative, that we talked about this at investor day, we changed the deal, we had an enticing ad but we changed to even more call to action less branding and so that resulted in upside in the ticket for Norwegian. 
Wendy Beck: So this is related to the acquisition of Prestige and it’s under the business combination accounting rules. So obviously we booked revenue when the ship sails but advance ticket sales, it was about $48 million in total, that is deemed that the sailing process had primarily occurred at the time of the acquisition. And so therefore you have to actually haircut that number and so we actually are adjusting out to 21 million because we are putting it back in, just say, this is real revenue that you need to look at for that selling. But because of the accounting rules they make you haircut it. And that was already baked into our guidance. We were discussing that at the last call. 
Wendy Beck: So we are going to see it for the rest of the year and it will go consistently down over the next three quarters. 
Wendy Beck: Okay good question. So on the deferred revenue, there is about $18 million to $19 million remaining for the last three quarters. And then that will go away. And then regarding the fuel prices, yes, so our fuel prices do actually spike up in Q2 and Q3 as we are moving into the more premium itineraries or burning more NGLs and then it’s going to go back down into the fourth quarter. You will see that lower back down to get us back to our full year guidance. 
Wendy Beck: Sure. It’s the same sensitivities actually that we had. So let’s see – it’s three-tenths of a penny, count to two-tenths Canadian, three-tenths and then Australian two-tenths that’s gaining. 
Wendy Beck: First off, Jamie, we don’t have in $5. Any upside of FDR new deal into the revenue side of the business. I just want to say if you look back at what I just talked about with the long term outlook, that’s pretty much a 3% to 4% net yield growth baked into that year. So to the extent that these things start to take place and take a foot hold, that’s upside to the $5.  And regarding the net cruise costs, I can just say in my role here, we are just as focused on net cruise costs as we always have been. This is an anomaly year, primarily an organic year, we don’t get the benefit of a new ship until the back end of the year and we already are putting a number of investments into marketing to really bolster the marketing where we believe remains to be and that’s both pre-Frank coming on-board and then post-Frank coming on board, saying, okay, I need to tweak it even more. I will turn it to you, Frank.
Wendy Beck: That’s a great question and obviously once we look into – so the good news is that the drydock cost is minimal. Our cost is less than $1 million on that because it’s being covered under warranty. The bigger item is the lost revenue and that’s in the mid single digit million that we’ve actually lost on that 15-day Panama Canal sailing. 
Wendy Beck: There is, Tim but on the same token, when we cancelled that sailing, we hauled tail if you will, to the Bahamas from the West Coast to get there to minimize any disruption before we did the Transatlantic. So it’s an offset.
Wendy Beck: Great question. And we are very focused on that and including our board as to what’s the best use of our free cash flow. And what I said at investor day is that probably or there is likelihood that in the fourth quarter of ’15 we could start to either pay down some debt or go back and start – embark again on our share repurchase program. And I would say that we are still very focused on that. So it’s either late ’15 or into ’16, I think that’s what we are focused on. What I also stated was that there is more of an appetite with our weighted average cost of debt being just over 3.7%, we are inclined that share repurchases is more likely the better use of funds. And we are excited about that. So that’s highly likely, obviously it has not been approved by our board at this time but we are focused on that. 
Wendy Beck: Let me jump in and take that, Tim. I think it was the one that addressed that at the investor day. And it’s not that necessarily – I think what we said all along is that it’s a matter of time before a dividend is implemented. And we know that we want to broaden that investor base. But it hasn’t been the primary focus. We are probably more keen on repurchasing shares first but again that’s a good discussion at our board level and I do think it is a matter of time. 
Wendy Beck: Great question. So yes, we did have a beat in revenue on Q1 but it’s a combination not only of the Star drydock that I just spoke about but then also the additional FX hit that we’re going through that at this time we anticipate will hit us for the year. That’s why we have left the yields where they are but we have said that the upside from the FDR new deal plan is baked into those numbers and it takes time to roll out those initiatives. So we feel very confident that they will be fully in place for ’16 but we think that there could be potential upside in ’15 too and we will just have to continue to message that to you.  End of Q&A
Robin Farley: A couple of questions. Frank, in your opening remarks, and you talked about a 39% increase in revenue on the books for ‘16 versus the same time last year, is that a pro forma number? I just want to think about the scale of that number. Is that pro forma, or is that -- because Prestige would not have been on the books at this time last year? – 
Robin Farley: And then can you give us a little color -- maybe this is a question for Wendy -- on the pro forma increase in ticket yields versus the percent increase in onboard yields in kind of a constant-currency basis? Just because there's not enough information released to see what that would look like pro forma constant currency. 
Robin Farley: That $21 million, under the accounting rules, it will show up in later quarters? Or in other words, are they sailings that --
