Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. There are a few important parallels between the second and third quarters of 2019 that I'd like to point out. First, the third quarter, like the second, marked another record-setting quarter for Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings as we posted not only the highest quarterly revenue in our history, but also the company's highest ever quarterly net yield. At nearly $301 per day, the third quarter marks the first time net yield has ever surpassed the $300 mark, not just for our company, but for any of the major cruise operators. Even more impressive is that the record revenue and record net yield came in a quarter in which we experienced a 1.8% decrease in capacity days. Also like the second quarter, the third quarter benefited from a continued strong demand environment that once again proved that the consumer, especially the North American consumer is alive and well. And lastly both quarters benefited from our strategic initiatives around itinerary optimization, particularly in Alaska and Europe where we grew capacity in the quarter by 17% and 13% respectively. Also similar to what we experienced in the second quarter, we overcame external and non-controllable headwinds both known headwinds and new ones, demonstrating once again the resilience of our business model and the power of the go-to-market strategy utilized by our big global brands.
Frank Del Rio: No. It's primarily into 2020. 2019 is just about done Felicia. So we have seen over the last four to six weeks an acceleration of our overall business demand into 2020. And really into 2021 the booking window as I mentioned has expanded 10% quarter-over-quarter -- excuse me, year-over-year. And I think that is as good an indication of the strength of the overall industry and particularly of our company as we're able to drive both load on 8.7% increase in capacity and at higher prices. I can't stress enough what a trifecta win that is that you can raise prices, extend your booking window, increase your load in the face of what is an unusually high year-end capacity growth. So we're very, very happy with our performance. We continue to fine-tune our itineraries away from lower-yielding regions to higher-yielding regions. And it's all coming home to roost and we just couldn't be happy with our performance this year and what we expect to be another tremendous year next year.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. So it's good that you mentioned Bahamas separately from the Caribbean because core Caribbean both western deployments and eastern deployments are strong higher load, higher pricing. Bahamas is the issue and a short-term issue as we distance ourselves from the impacts of Cuba. Remember, when Cuba came into the picture, a ship that went to Havana was also going to the Bahamas. And so we stopped calling those sailings Bahama cruises and instead of calling them Cuba cruises. Well now with Cuba out of the way they're back to being Bahama cruises. And the Bahama cruises. And the Bahama cruises are being impacted by several factors. One of the fact this time last year we were in Cuba. And so the year-over-year comparisons are night and day, in terms of pricing, because Cuba's demand at such a high price. Number two, the effects of Dorian, which shortened the booking, the attractiveness if you will of the destination. And in our case because Cuba was so strong, we had more capacity in the Cuba/Bahamas region than we normally would. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, as we move into 2020, we will be moving those vessels that had been in the Bahamas had been in the Caribbean, out of those regions and into higher-yielding markets such as Alaska and the Eastern Mediterranean and Asia. So it is temporary as we move forward sequentially, the effects of Cuba diminished, the effect of Dorian disappear. But yes in Q4, as you saw in our release, the Bahamas is what is dragging down pricing to the tune of 110 basis points.
Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Jared. As you know and something I stress in every call, we already have by a very, very wide margin, the highest yields in the industry, not only in ticket but in onboard. That doesn't happen by chance. It happens because we work it every hour of every day, always looking for opportunities to raise prices across our three brands and we do. And so when you ask me if we're focused on or if we're doing anything on it that's all we do. That's the primary focus that we have is the combination of our go-to-market strategy, which means that we invest marketing dollars to stimulate demand in the marketplace versus reducing prices. And whenever we believe that the booking window, booking curve combination allows us, we take prices up. It's why we constantly are looking for the optimization of our itinerary is always moving ships to higher-yielding itineraries. Why we're so bullish on Alaska? Alaska used to be a three-month season: June, July, and August. So now we're seeing -- we're getting there in April and we're not leaving until October. It's now a six-month season of very, very high-yielding, not only on ticket, but incredible high-yielding on onboard. And so we're going to continue doing that. We're taking Spirit out of the winter Canary Island marketplace, one of the historically lowest-yielding areas and we're sending her after her a refurbishment out to Asia, Australia, Africa, more exotic itineraries to take advantage of our huge customer base, our past guests files that have never been to those areas because we've never sailed to those areas before. So all these things help the selling process of lower marketing costs, higher occupancy, higher yields, more revenue, more earnings per share, and I think that our performance over the last four or five years prove that that philosophy that strategy works.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. We -- like I just said on the last question, we're up in both price and volume for all four quarters and that we - when we talk about that we are adjusting on a similar basis for Cuba because you have to. That was a significant book of business. So -- on a similar basis, we are up and load in that first half. So...
Frank Del Rio: Well we're going to continue testing the market and seeing how much additional capacity, we can allocate to that market as time goes by. So over the last three years we -- three years ago we had the Norwegian brand for example three, 2,200 passenger ship. In 2020, we will have 12,000. So we're almost - we've almost doubled our capacity in Alaska over a 3-year period. And we don't think we're done. If we thought we were done we wouldn't be making the investments that we're making. So we think that we've got a strong a presence in Alaska as anyone and I think it's going to get stronger as we finalize these investments. As you know Alaska is a slotted area. The best example I have for you is the Glacier Bay permits that are granted by U.S. Parks Department. We were very fortunate to win another 10 years. I can't tell you how huge that is. It's sort of a -- the cornerstone of our deployment strategy there. It is the number one destination that people want to visit in Alaska and we got this for 10 years. And so we're now adding to it and to make sure that we have the berth capacity to bring our largest ships to the region. And again it's very strong ticket prices and incredibly strong onboard pricing for our Alaska itineraries and we want to take advantage of as much as we can.
Frank Del Rio: Well I think they pay for themselves over and over again. Alaska is a destination-centric region. You've got to have the land programs in place and we're taking the leadership role in developing these very hard to come by the land capabilities. But I'm not -- I struggle to give you a percent ROI, if you will. It's all going to be flown through our net ticket yields and that answer has got to come a little bit later. 
Frank Del Rio: And not because of performance, but because of year-over-year comparisons. First half has five months of Cuba in 2019 and 2020 has zero. 
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. As I mentioned, our advanced ticket sales, liability, if you will on the balance sheet, which is what you're talking about is up 12.5%. Our forward 2020 capacity growth is only 8.7%. One, the deposits are outperforming the capacity growth by 44%. So, yes, Encore is part of the reason why we're up 12.5%. But adjusted for capacity growth, it's obviously much broader than that. I can't give you a number per ship or per type of vessel or per brand. But if you just look at on the face that it's outperforming the capacity goes by 44% you ought to get a lot of comfort that we're selling more than we were this time last year at higher prices. Another data point is the fact that our booking window has stretched by 10% year-over-year. So look, I can't stress enough the underlying strength of the business. We have weakness in Q4. We've had weakness in Q3 and Q4, because of Cuba and the effects of that because of Dorian. 2020 is going to be a heck of a year. And we see no -- like I said, last quarter and I'll say again, we see no measurable decline in the consumer's enthusiasm for cruising and for cruising on our three brands.
Frank Del Rio: Well, thanks everyone for your time and support. As always we will be available later today to answer any other questions you may have. Take care.
Mark Kempa: That's exactly right. And just to add on that. If you look at our Q4 yield, our prior implied guidance was flat. But excluding the impact of Dorian, we're actually up about 110, 120 basis points and that's all primarily coming from the Caribbean. So again, we're seeing strength in that core market in the forward view.
Mark Kempa: Yes. So, thanks Jared. Let me start with the marketing side. So, listen, we've stated publicly we have a go-to-market strategy. We are not afraid to spend marketing dollars when we're going to get a minimum 4 to 5x return and hopefully greater on that. And I think you see that coming through in our net yield performance. We continue to outperform and beat our guidance and beat our expectations and that's not just by happenstance. It's through strong onboard revenue, strong ticket pricing. It's across the front. So that's something we're not afraid to do and we'll continue to do where it makes sense as long as we're driving more incremental benefits to the bottom line. And as far as 2020, again, it's a bit early. Yes, our costs are elevated in 2019. And as we look forward we should see some benefit rolling into 2020. Yes, we do have higher dry dock days by about -- I think it's about 14 more additional days in 2020. But for now we're going to maintain our stance that we're going to -- we're still thinking about 1% to 2% on our cost side and we're going to do everything that we can to outperform that. But as we're still finalizing our operating plans with the business for next year, we'll give you better guidance on that in our February call.
Mark Kempa: Sure. Yes. Steve, this is Mark. So, as I said in my commentary, extremely strong onboard revenue spending. And again whatever inventory we had on the books at that time, we were able to sell it at good pricing. But I don't want the -- I don't want you guys to underscore onboard revenue power. If you look at -- I say this every quarter, if you look at our onboard revenue year-over-year, I think on a reported basis, it was somewhere in the zone of 4% to 5% up and when you adjust that for all of the GAAP allocation transfers that we have to make as well as the incremental benefit from the Joy, our core onboard revenue was up mid-single-digits. So, that's strong and we continue to see that. And I always tell you guys that is really our canary in the coal mine. We watch that day-in, week-in, week-out and we continue to see that strength coming through the business. So, we're pleasantly surprised. The consumer is alive and well and they are not afraid to spend money. And combining that with our -- many of our pre-cruise initiatives where we're getting a lot more of that consumer's wallet before they ever step on the ship that has -- continues to be extremely beneficial for us and we continue to hone our strategies around that.
Mark Kempa: Sure. We typically advise that we aim for a 2% to 3% combined company yield growth. And that obviously equates when you look at each of the individual brands, it's a bit of a higher yield expectation for each brand when you consolidate it. So, looking -- when you look at the first half as I said we are rolling over Cuba which we've -- is about a 200 basis point drag. So, I would not expect that you're going to see that 2% to 3% year-over-year growth for the first half. It will be somewhat lower than that. But again on a full year basis, we're still comfortable that we're going to model within that range and we'll achieve those targets.
Mark Kempa: Yes. You are 100% correct. I thought Frank had said that in his prepared remarks that we are up in pricing and load for all four quarters in 2020.
Mark Kempa: Brandt this is around strategic positioning, making sure we have the proper ports, destinations that the consumer wants to go to. We know there's not a lot of space left in Alaska to go to, right? It's the last frontier so to speak. So we are securing that for a long-term basis. We know we get premium yields out of there. So we will see that -- those returns come through in the top line but difficult to measure just from the specific initiatives that we're doing. 
Mark Kempa: Sure. I'll start off and I'm sure Frank will jump in here. But look we have tremendous visibility on our second half books. We always have. And I think we've even mentioned in our prepared remarks that the premium brands are going to turn the year at 70% sold for 2020. Our remarks around first half and second half were really just to give you some cadence in terms of don't expect the yield in the first half to be as high because we're rolling over very difficult comps from Cuba. And that's just reality. At back half, we will see a benefit from that. So we are not implying in any form or fashion that we would expect our full year yield guidance to be out of our range of 2% to 3%. We fully expect that. It's just going to be a front half, second half story.
Mark Kempa: No. I think it's going to be again a continued strong consumer and our ability to continue to reach the consumer earlier in the booking cycle before they ever go on the ship. That is a key differentiator for us and a key item that really helps us outperform.
