Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Harry. So the load is in very, very good shape both for 2019 and 2020 as we stated in our commentary. So we're focusing on price. We're pushing price higher everywhere we can both in 2019 and 2020. You saw the booking curve elongate 9% year-over-year, and I always say that I'm not sure what the optimal booking curve is, but any time I can push the booking curve out, and raise price at the same time that's good for our business. So I think overall, while we still had a lot of cabins to fill the emphasis will be on raising prices across all three brands.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, well, dry docks are a continual phenomenon in our industry required by our class, but I will tell you that the heavy lifting as I mentioned several times in prior calls will be behind us at the end of '20. The entire Regent fleet has now been completely refurbished. The OceaniaNEXT program has one vessel behind us that was done at the tail end of '18, two more in '19, and the last one will be in '20. We just finished Norwegian Sky. I just walked through the day after she came out of dry dock she literally is as good as new. And the last one we're going to focus on is Norwegian Spirit. And I don't think it's any coincidence that our record industry leading yields are as a result of how well we maintain our vessels. And that's something that is core to our strategy of offering consumers the very best product possible and we can see that consumers are willing to pay for it.
Frank Del Rio: It will because of our performance, our increased yields. It will because we'll have more capacity. 2020 will be a very sizable year in capacity. We have two new vessels, each of them operating roughly 11 months each. And one of them is what I suspect will be the highest yielding ship in our fleet, the new Regent Splendor. So yes, free cash flow is something that we expect to accelerate. It's part of our 2020 target of returning up to $1.5 billion to our shareholders one way or the other. And as we mentioned during our prepared comments, we're well on track to achieve that.
Frank Del Rio: It's hard to say, Felicia, certainly, the -- you know, two years in a row of us being able to deploy top hardware to the region has created excitement in the region, even more excitement for our own brand. Even our third vessel in the Alaska region, Norwegian Jewel -- obviously Joy and Bliss overshadow is doing better than ever. It's been two years in a row now of double-digit growth in capacity. Not just for us, but for the industry. But I think it goes to show the strength of Alaska. It's a short season. People know that they only have a small window to be able to go and people are going. Alaska has become a go-to, must-have destination on your bucket list especially for families. And our ships certainly are built for families. There's everything you can possibly think of to do on these vessels. I think millennials love the outdoors and the environmentally oriented destination of Alaska. So I think it's got a lot going for it, and -- but I do hope that next year, in 2020, and I think it is -- we'll have much more moderate capacity growth in that region.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, U.K. has been little up and down. But unlike our peers, where we don't have national brands that require, a whole lot of locally sourced business to make things work. Our percentage of business that comes from Europe is a little bit less than half of our total internationally source business. So can Europe be doing a little better? Yes, probably could. But again, our domestic demand is so strong for Europe just for Europe itineraries that we're not relying a whole lot on Europe source business to sell our vessels. We are more focused on raising prices in Europe and over the last two years, we now have two consecutive years, so we've been able to raise prices for Europe source business over 20% as we hone in on our best cash strategy with only 26 ships, the demand that we are seeing for our products we can be selective and what customer's resource and quite frankly we're going for price. And so as I said before we raise prices to the point where there's parity for us the source market we are in different whether a Brit or a German or on American a book our cruises because we price it accordingly. And so I think that's one of the private key differences for us and some of our peers that we simply don't have to rely on the European market as much as others may have to.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. I am ready for that question, Tim. We for the first time since 2016, we went back to the Med -- to the eastern Med, this coming summer with 12 sailings increasing to 20 sailing in 2020. And I am pleased to tell you that all 12 sailings in 2019 are better loaded and at higher pricing than the surrounding sailing that do not include Turkey. Turkey is the -- when we talk about the eastern Med, Turkey is the key destination which has been somewhat off limit to the industry for the last couple of years. So the fact that the Northern American consumer who is the one booking most of these eastern Mediterranean cruises, seem to want to come back to the eastern Med and is willing to pay a premium price bodes very well for 2020. As you know, itineraries are developed and put up for sale 18-24 months sometimes before the actual sale date. So you test the waters. You see what happens. And then it takes you a while to really ramp up. So at this point assuming that there are no other disruptions or reason to not go to the eastern Med, I expect that we along with the rest of the industry will probably increase the number of deployments to the eastern Med beginning in 2020 and more in 2021. So it's good news. As you know when the eastern Med is good, it's as good as any if not the best of all itineraries. So we are all looking forward to being able to increase our presence there. Thank you, Tim.
Frank Del Rio: And thanks everyone for time this morning and your continued support. As always, the team will be available to answer your questions later today. All the best. Bye-bye.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Felicia, this is Mark, I think it's just a result of what we've been seeing in the overall industry. We're seeing strong pricing in all of our markets. Caribbean is doing fantastic. We're guiding 2.5% for the first quarter and about a half a point of that is related to the Bliss and she's operating in the Caribbean, but when you strip out the new capacity the underlying organic fleet is strong. And that's coming across all markets. So we're just seeing good business everywhere we operate.
Mark Kempa: Yes, we're seeing strong pricing on our remaining inventory and we're seeing significantly strong trends in our onboard revenue as well. So that's helping profit up. So when you put that together it's creating a nice, healthy momentum for us.
Mark Kempa: Yes, hi, Jared. This is Mark. So, we guided 3% to 4% and when we -- first let's address the Bliss; Bliss is doing fantastic in many as we said in many months she's booking at or above what she garnered in her inaugural year, which there's not a lot of cases where you can say that. That said, she is also analyzing year-over-year. So you have some tailwind that knocks that down, so Bliss is really essentially a plus shore slight tailwind for the year. As far as the Joy, I think the best way to think about it is, we had said with this whole itinerary redeployment it was going to be a $0.30 accretion in 2020, if you kind of parse that back and you look at that and say that's a clean annualized number. And you pull out the dry-dock costs, which are, I guess, around $0.03 to $0.04. And then you say she is operating about only two-thirds of the year in '19. That gets you to about most, let's say, $0.17 or $0.18 of accretion. And as we said with the redeployment, it's all on revenue; it's all ticket to an onboard revenue accretion. So when you compare that against our -- what is it, a point of yield it's approximately $0.23. You get to about 75 basis points of yield tailwind for the quarter for the year and then with the lower capacity days we are being out of service, it gets you in around the 1% zone. So our underlying organic fleet growth is really growing at our 2% to 3% in line with our expectations of what we target every year.
Mark Kempa: Yes, assuming a steady macro environment that's always the necessary requirement with Splendor coming on certainly she's going to bring premium yields to our corporate average. But that's going to be somewhat offset by Encore again, so on core as we said Bliss is doing well in the Caribbean Encore is our best book ship, new bill launch in the Caribbean. But you have to look at her on an annual basis, so at this stage looking forward, it's a bit early. We don't necessarily believe that Encore may be accretive to our system yields, but it is, it's looking great but it's just still way too early to make that commitment. And then, in terms of the cost, yes, I think we will see some deceleration on the cost front from '19 to '20 given some of the one time or ramp up in cost that we've seen this year.
Mark Kempa: Hi, I'll take that one. We've been very happy with how we free airs has been received. It's in the very hard our focusing on the value over the prize and we see it as one more tool in the toolbox and so we're able to use it where it makes sense then that tends to be in some of our further out inventory longer hold product. It's definitely a program not a promotion, it's something that we can use that at times where it makes sense to add value, keep the story well away from pricing and along with the beverage package, the dining package, Wi-Fi, shore excursion and an opportunity to add value move away from price and continue to have this really strong pricing deployment that we've been we've been demonstrating this. So if you like it you'll continue to see it and we'll place strategically make sense for this.
Mark Kempa: Yes, $0.30 that was our best guess we always try to give you our most educated forecast and I think it's you know it it's really early, that we are seeing great signs, great booking patterns on the Joy and the other redeployment that we initiated but it's still early I think we're confident that in that number but to say that we're exceed at this point I think is a bit premature.
Mark Kempa: I think in the first quarter a big portion of that is going to be Bliss as she repositions tour dry dock in and comes out of Asia. I'm sorry Joy I apologize I said Bliss. And that as we look forward our consumption if we normalize our consumption per capacity day for 19 if we took out the Joy repositioning, we took out the encore which is again being delivered later in the year who have to come across the Atlantic, we would expect our consumption to be down you know some words 0% to 1% which is consistent with what we aim to deliver. And then in 2020, I think we would see an escalation in that you know prop possibly in the 2% to 3% zone as we analyze the larger ships and the -- comes on board as well.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Brandt, it will be year round trip to Asia. We're always looking to deployed vessels at the highest yielding itinerary as you know you heard me say many times itineraries is the number one driver of yield. So will continue evaluating and but yes Spirit will go to Asia and I think in second part of your question is have we seen anything different in the Chinese market. I would now ply with that Joy has performed a line slightly ahead of what we had expected in the first quarter of 2019 but never the last. Her deployment to Alaska for all the regions you heard so far today in a prepared statement was the right thing to do.
Mark Kempa: Yes, so that our agreement with the port and the infrastructure in Alaska, that's an asset light agreement so it's not really a lot of CapEx is coming on that very similar to our ported Miami agreement. The increase is really driven around the additional ships that we recently announced as you recall we announced two new builds for Oceania and one additional for Regent cruises and in addition to our Leo five and six class. So that in conjunction with some further investments that we planned to make around technology and other infrastructure.
Mark Kempa: Yes, so I for quarter fourth quarter we saw great trends across all of our streams. So I think the key is and we've been saying this is we've been investing in and getting the consumer touch point earlier in the booking cycle. So we're selling more ahead, we're bundling more ahead. So what happened is the consumer is coming on board with a clean wallet, a fresh wallet. So that helps us. We're seeing strength in our casino channels it's just really across every channel. As pivot to 2019, we typically look for you know 1% or 2% of growth in on board revenue. Obviously, we always try to outperform that's our typical modeling range and the early signs of what we're seeing in the quarter for January, February are looking good. We're seeing continued strong trends there, so very positive.
Mark Kempa: Yes, I don't know that we've given specific details on that but I think were probably north of half of our guests are in this part or in the bundle packaging deal.
Mark Kempa: Yes, certainly. So everything we see for 2020 we are still targeting that, you know, roughly 60% MGL mix. We have a significant investment in our scrubber technology. And all the ships that are coming online are coming online as planned within our date range. So that's positive. In terms of hedging, what you guys have seen it. Since our last call in November at one point fuel markets were down almost what 17% or so, so we took advantage and we layered on more hedging for both '19 and '20. And more particularly, we layered it on in our gas oil which is our proxy 4MGL. So we were able to obtain some favorable pricing. And in terms of our strategy, we aim to be at a minimum 50% hedge going into the year, but we have always said that when there're dips in the market, we'll opportunistically ramp that up and that's what you saw over the course of Q4.
Mark Kempa: Yes. I think it's a bit early to say what we are investing in. I think we are looking at all different aspects. As we said, we are looking for rolling out some new technology with the Encore later this year. And as we go forward, we want to make sure our platforms and our systems behind the scenes are capable to handle that as we look forward and maybe we start integrating voice features or artificial intelligence down the road. But we are doing some catch-up here. We are making investments slowly but surely but you are not going to see anything radically different than what we have already announced. It's more back of the house.
