Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. As I had mentioned in my earlier commentary, the same strong overall business environment that has benefited 2017 has permeated well into 2018. And no ship has benefited as much from this pivot as the first purpose built ship for Alaska Sailings, Norwegian Bliss, which we will welcome to our fleet in May of 2018. Today her book position in terms of cabins sold is at a level that took the next best booked breakaway newbuild an additional 10 weeks of sales to reach. In terms of pricing, she recently exceeded that of the previously best priced breakaway newbuild at this point prior to sailing. We fully expect Bliss' strong performance to continue to climb, and indeed be boosted by the marketing initiatives and media coverage surrounding our upcoming announcement of Norwegian Bliss' cutting-edge features and offerings. I look forward to updating everyone on these announcements as well as our results and other updates next quarter. But for now, I'll turn the call to Leanne to open the call for questions.
Frank J. Del Rio: We don't comment on individual brands, but I can tell you that all brands contributed to the beat. As I mentioned earlier, high tide raises all boats, raises all brands and that is certainly true for our three brands.
Frank J. Del Rio: Good morning, Felicia. Onboard revenue at one time we expect it to be up to 20% higher than the average fleet. As you know, the Norwegian brand has the highest onboard yields of any of our competitors, so it was a high barrier to reach. The South Korea restrictions have affected both the ticket per diems and an onboard. And so, the outlook that we have that we had previously noted and certainly the revised one, that we revised upwards today does include what we're seeing in the onboard space. Having said that, we have certain initiatives underway that we believe will improve the onboard revenue generation like it would on any new vessel. This is not only a new vessel for us, but a new market, so we still have some opportunities to improve upon what we've already seen.
Frank J. Del Rio: I think it's too early to talk about 2019. We're committed to the Chinese market. Obviously, there have been some bumps in the road the last year or so. We've seen what others have done in terms of deployment in the future. We're committed to being in this market, and like any market it will have ups and downs. Perhaps the Chinese market is a little more volatile than some of the other more mature ones, but we're committed to being in China in the long term. We clearly see the psychographic dynamics of that Chinese market where hundreds of millions of people travel outside of China every year. And we think that cruising is a fantastic value, not just for the Western world, but for Asians, as well, and we want to be a part of that.
Frank J. Del Rio: This year, as I mentioned in my opening sentence, all the stars aligned up very nicely and it would be difficult to predict another almost perfect year as we've seen this year. So, no, I wouldn't want you to model in the kind of yield growth that we're seeing this year for 2018. I think you would be overshooting quite a bit. Nevertheless, we do like the way 2018 is coming in. Business is strong. We're building loads very well at good pricing. So we like the way it's coming in. A bit early to really give you a definitive answer, but just historically it would be difficult to predict another year like 2017.
Frank J. Del Rio: Hi, Harry. Not as much in the second half because the drag that you talk about is simply the function of the booking curve. So remember, the business started to turn, in our view, sometime in mid- to really the late-Q3 period last year, and by that time we had a sizable amount of inventory sold for the 2017 Europe season, more so in the upscale brands that have a longer booking curve than the Norwegian brand. And as that turnaround took hold, and business continued to improve, and we gained confidence that that was sustainable, we continued to raise prices. But you can't take off the book, the lower-priced business that was already on. In fact, history tells you that as you raise prices, people are less apt to cancel those bookings because they got a deal. So, as we progress through the booking cycle and into each quarter, the effect of that weakness that we saw throughout 2016 in terms of bookings moderates. So that effect is greater in Q2 than in Q3, for example, and to some degree, to the degree that we have business in Europe in Q4, even less there.
Frank J. Del Rio: When demand is there, you take it, Harry, and you take it at higher pricing. And that's what we're seeing. So as I said in my commentary, we're well ahead across all three brands in both load and in pricing for 2018.
Frank J. Del Rio: We're not going to talk about individual quarters in 2018. My commentary broadly said that as of now, for 2018, we're well ahead both in price and in load versus same time last year. And that is true for all three brands.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes, that's something that we look at constantly, the trade-off of an incremental booking versus the outlook for future price increases. I'm one of the opinion that when demand is there, you take it and you take it and you keep pushing pricing until that demand hits a resistant point. And, so, the commentary I'll tell you is that throughout the last couple of quarters, certainly today, we're telling you that across the board, across markets, across brands, across periods, pricing is strong. The consumer is alive and well, especially the North American consumer is showing a lot of strength, certainly versus last year in Europe. And, as you know, that North American consumer is the best consumer; books the earliest, books the highest cabin categories and, once onboard, spends the most money. So today, our booking curve is at an all-time high, a little over seven months on average. And that is a significant improvement over where it was this time last year. Do I want to take it higher? I don't have any preconceived number in my mind that I want it to be eight months versus six months. Seven months is certainly where we are today and I'm very happy with it, and I'm also very happy with the per diems that, that booking curve is generating. One cannot look at one without the other. So today the business environment is strong and we're getting both load and price.
Frank J. Del Rio: But our Alaska, obviously, capacity will increase nicely given the introduction of Norwegian Bliss. And as I mentioned earlier, her advanced bookings both in load and pricing are really impressive. So, we're eager to get our hands on her and deploy her to Alaska.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. Jared, we don't comment on region specific or ship specific yield, but I will tell you that Cuba is performing very well. I think I described it as a homerun. Certainly Cuba contributed to the yield beat both in Q2 and in – expected to be in Q3 then Q4. We believe that always looking at deployments that enhance our profit profile and moving the Norwegian Sun there in spring of 2018 will certainly do that. And given the inherent infrastructure limitations to Cuba, there is only so much capacity that can enter Cuba. So we're very fortunate that we've been able to maximize our presence in Cuba, in Havana in particular, and in doing so we've been able to increase our deployment there to be about 4% of our capacity from 2% in 2017. All three brands will call on Cuba with the Norwegian brand having the most impact of roughly 60 sailings, 59 to be exact for 2018. The Oceania brand will have 21 sailings. So again, I want to remind everyone that while looking at individual deployment and ship contributions certainly impact overall yield growth, the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings story is not a yield growth story because of the makeup, the unique makeup of our three brands in the categories that they're in. It is a revenue growth and more importantly an earnings growth story. So I urge everyone to focus on our drivers for earnings growth over the years to come and not so much on the yield growth necessarily.
Frank J. Del Rio: Again, Steve, we don't provide guidance by market or by specific ship. What we're seeing in the marketplace has already been embedded in our future guidance. As I stated earlier, we were pleasantly surprised that she's performed as well as she has versus our revised expectations during the first six weeks. We're about to enter in the, starting in September some time, the shoulder season, and the shoulder season is somewhat different than the peak summer season. So, do not expect pricing to increase in absolute terms in the shoulder season versus summer. How it will compare to prior seasons, we're not sure because we weren't there in prior seasons, but we think that our overall guidance for the company certainly takes a cautious look at what we expect out of Joy.
Frank J. Del Rio: You might have missed my point earlier, but I've said that we now reached a point of parity where we're agnostic whether that consumer books from North America or from international markets. We've done certain things in our revenue management and our marketing and our product offerings that has de facto increased the per diem and also the onboard yields. So, today there is a very nice balance. We have increased our business in absolute terms with the introduction of Getaway in the European markets, but disproportionately more North Americans our booking our European itineraries than same time last year.
Frank J. Del Rio: David, I would also follow up that there's an old business adage, it takes money to make money, and we've seen margin expansion. And so we're very pleased to take up our net yield growth by over 8%, and only having to increase costs overall by 25 basis points is a very strong trade-off that I'll take any time.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, certainly it just doesn't happen automatically. Our marketing spend, while in line with expectation, is generating very, very strong results in terms of both load and yield. Part of the revenue-generating initiatives we've undertaken is the CapEx that we've invested in revitalizing our vessels. And so that gives us an opportunity to showcase our ships in the best light possible. And our travel agent partners are recognizing that, and so are our guests.
Frank J. Del Rio: They're great partners. We did some fantastic work alongside them to introduce Joy to the Chinese market. A lot of the impressions that I mentioned earlier in my commentary was a direct result of the marketing work that we did alongside them. We continue to have discussions with them on how we can commercialize, if you will, our partnership. We are still waiting for certain licenses that will allow us to sell our cruises directly to the consumer in China. And I think once that happens, we will be able to monetize if you will that relationship a little bit better.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. But the spend that we're incurring is certainly a very – what I would call a very efficient spend, given how well booked we are for the rest of 2017 and my commentary on the status of bookings for 2018 versus what we're spending in marketing is very efficient. Bookings are coming in strong, and we're not having to over-market, if you will or over promote. It's a very, very good pipeline. And so we don't see marketing expense being a driver of costs, certainly not in the next two quarters.
Frank J. Del Rio: The Norwegian Edge program and also the similar program that we launched on the Regent brand has been very, very well received by travel agents and consumers, both. We revitalized both staterooms and public areas. We've introduced new restaurant concepts. And by making the ship's general atmosphere, general look being refreshed, more relevant, people feel better onboard. They're out of their cabins, if you will, and just it's an environment that facilitates higher spend. And, as you know, the Norwegian brand leads the industry by a very wide margin in its ability to generate onboard revenue. So we're very, very pleased that we're able to do this relatively quickly. Now with 15 ships, we've been able to do this over a three-year period. 2018 is the last year of The Norwegian Edge program in any big way. I believe we will have one more vessel to dry dock and refurbish in 2019, so the heavy lifting, if you will, for the programs including the Regent program will end in 2018.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. That's a very pertinent question. I will tell you that NPDs (56:08) for our Q3 will be up 5% on a like-for-like basis. And the difference between like-and-like and the overall is that Getaway is in the Baltic for the first time this summer. So, 5% growth in Q3 given the prior commentary about how some of the inventory for Q3 Europe had sold earlier on in the booking cycle before the upturn in bookings, I think bodes very well.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, thanks, everyone, for your time and support this morning. And as always, we will all be available to answer any questions you may have later in the day. All the best, bye-bye
Wendy A. Beck: And Andrew I would just add that when you look at our second quarter net yield growth on a like-for-like basis, it's roughly 5% of the 8.1% like-for-like, and then we have the benefit of the Explorer and the Sirena.
Wendy A. Beck: Good question. It's about a half a turn on an annual basis if we just naturally are deleveraging, and we're always looking at what's the next move to improve the balance sheet? As a reminder, we've said that we want to delever down into the three to four times range, probably preferably down to the lower end of that.
Wendy A. Beck: I would just add, Felicia that as I said in my commentary, that the first half of 2017 greatly benefited from the addition of the Regent Seven Seas Explorer as well as the Oceania Sirena. We don't have that same benefit in the second half of the year, and instead we're bringing in the Joy which will get a half-year benefit from in 2018 as well as a half-year benefit from the Norwegian Bliss, both of those being Norwegian ships as we've talked about, being below the NCLH average. So it's hard to achieve the same type of yield growth that we've just posted for Q2.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. Great question, so you really are alluding to it with how much was already booked. So if you look at the remaining category of cabins left to sell, it's primarily the Norwegian brand that's left for the back half of the year, and primarily even into Q4. And then even if you parse the types of cabins, it tends to be the lower categories of cabins that are booking close-in. So although we are thrilled with where we stand with the mid-single digits in pricing, there's not enough of the mix for the blended NCLH yield to materially move the numbers for Q3 and Q4. And then on top of it, as I've previously mentioned, Q3 we're further rolling over the Rio charter from last year as well as the inaugural season of the Explorer, oh, and Joy.
Wendy A. Beck: Yes, so great question. So it is bringing on the Joy. It's also The Norwegian Edge program, as that continues to roll out, and then as you mentioned, the Leonardo ships.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. So for 2018 total, we're anticipating for the industry that capacity will be up mid-single digits. That's the same for the Caribbean and Europe, both up mid-single digits and China being down mid-single digits.
Wendy A. Beck: Yes. So we're not prepared to give you guidance on 2018 today. Clearly we do benefit as we bring on more of the – especially the large Norwegian ships. Our guidance has always been in that 1% to 2% range and all I would tell you is that there will be some benefit to bringing in the Bliss as well as the half year of the Joy.
Wendy A. Beck: I think this was an unusual one this quarter. We've never had a ship in China, and so the 25 basis points which is approximately $5 million is totally related to the launch of the Norwegian Joy in China. To seat it, it was additional startup costs as well as the fact that we are experiencing record occupancies – the top record for all of Norwegian Cruise Line ever.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. So, as I've mentioned, we will not have the benefit of the Explorer or the Sirena in Q4 of this year. And instead, we have the benefit of the Joy, which is not accretive to yields but certainly is to the bottom line. And then on top of it, it is the remaining category of cabins left to sell, again, primarily Norwegian, primarily (49:56) that don't tend to help the overall corporate yield. Obviously, on a standalone basis for Norwegian (50:05) but not when you take the blended NCLH (50:08). So we believe we've put out appropriate guidance for the implied Q4.
Wendy A. Beck: It's roughly a 70%-30% mix; 70% HFO, 30% on MGO. That's pretty good. And then, just keep in mind, too, we're approximately 76% hedged. In the press release, we break that out by the types of fuel and there's approximately an 80% to 90% correlation there.
Wendy A. Beck: Hi. So we had already talked about the fact that there was $15 million incremental expense that would be in the first half of 2017 versus 2016, and that would be initial startup, marketing, offices et cetera to make our entrance into the Chinese market. Then, of course in Q1 on our last quarter call, we talked about the fact that we were having incremental marketing expenses for both Cuba and China post the South Korea travel ban, which that extrapolated to about $7 million between Q2 and Q4 of this year
Wendy A. Beck: That's a great question, Vince. So it's actually immaterial on full year and it's because of the strength that we gain from an NCLH blend perspective with bringing in the Regent Seven Seas Explorer and the Oceania Sirena in the first half of the year, offsetting not having them in the back half where we're bringing in additional Norwegian capacity.
