Kevin Sheehan: Sure. That’s three things. so let me make sure I get them all right. I think everything is going with – let’s start with the Breakaway is going as expected. We knew first year in with a large ship in New York, so that we had to work harder, which we have and ship that is filling out nicely and when you look at the booking levels at this point, we are actually more focused today on Bermuda and optimizing that opportunity in that premium itinerary. So check the box, I think the Getaway is going to have another very good year and the pricing is in the zone it was last year as we look out at some of the initial sailings and the Bermuda sailings. And remember you had the very high pricing of the first couple of sailings. So nothing there that I would say is inconsistent with what we thought. The Getaway, it’s a little early to say and I think we’ve been having a consistent performance in the Miami market. The thing that we are to be honest more focused upon is that as you could imagine the Pearl and several of the ships are moving out of Miami as they reposition up into Alaska. The Epic moves over to Europe. So, the Getaway will continue to get a big halo effect on that ship and all of the unique product characteristics and experience. So, it just been a little bit to be honest more complicated with the environment that we have. As you know there is a lot of capacity in Miami, but it’s no different in anything else. And I think we talked last year about putting our third ship in Alaska and then last year it was – the first year the travel agents learning blaw blaw blaw and this year as we had expected it’s falling into place quite nicely. So, I don’t think anything from either of those ships is inconsistent with what our expectations were and we are still very excited about that. As far as the skipping to the last part, the older ships, we continue to keep our eyes open. The difference we have is that we have 13 ships growing to 15 and so that we don’t have a sense of urgency. Obviously there is a lot less ships than our major competitors and there is plenty of places to put those ships. And as you know we have been very cautious in putting them into new markets and wanting to stay in the build of a fairway as we build our business proposition with the very consistent execution. Having said that, we also keep our eyes open as to whether there are opportunities to maybe move an older ship out of the market and replace that capacity which segways into your middle question about 18 and 19. In a perfect world I would like to see Norwegian being as consistent as possible with growing rationally. And so right now the way we are looking at it is hopefully being able to figure out one of the older ships over the next year or two and then replacing that capacity with something build more consistent with the ships that we are building today.Tim A. Conder – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Just one other clarification point on the Breakaway, Getaway. Is it fair to say, you are still getting double-digit premiums, obviously with Breakaway, you will soon be starting to comp some pretty good premiums as you’ve eluded to.
Kevin Sheehan: When we comp Breakaway then it becomes more organic kind of pushing there. You are not going to continue to get a big spike above the pricing from last year on Breakaway. On Getaway, I would say, if you remember when we talked in the third quarter, this is very important point. The question came up as to as to how were we loaded for 2014. And we had said, we were consistently loaded for the second, third and fourth quarter and we said we were behind on the first quarter and hopefully everybody remembers that. To be honest, we are closer to being what we will ultimately play out in the first quarter. Our pricing at that point was up double-digit, and we were trying to send a messages saying guys, as an industry let's kind of keep our eyes open and let's smartly price, we're all going to end up filling our ships and blah blah blah blah blah. Unfortunately that didn’t play out, as a smaller player in the business, everybody needed to do what they need to do to fill their ship. So, as that period progressed into this quarter, we needed to adjust our pricing somewhat to get to the finished line. And I’m happy to say that the yields that you guys have heard from our guidance for the first quarter is still, I think going to be industry leading, but I think not as strongest it would have been. And that will plays into the mix of each of the ships and I think when you look at each ship, there were fits and starts alone away. But at the end of the day, I think the main punch line and the main headline guys is that we have announced that our guidance for the first quarter is I think very solid and we’ve announced what is bringing to the finished line the 60% growth that we had mentioned last quarter for our 2014 performance, which I think is really spectacular. So, it’s a little difficult to get too far into the weeds on the individual ships more than what we said, because we’re one brand. And then as you know, all of the competitors are listening in and they know exactly what we’re doing and trying to figure out everything out. And so I think from a straight of our business proposition, we try to just be a little bit less candid on some of the stuff, given the fact that we just have the one brand.Tim A. Conder – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you sir, very much.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. I think we’re starting to feel that things are settling a bit and starting to see a little bit of a glimmer of hope and a positive sign in the industry. Just remember, we are all relying on the great season and we’re all jumping into it. and I think in the very first couple of days, people were still on their vacations, so it didn’t start exactly as – but then it started to build in. And then I think as we get further into it, we’re starting to feel better about it. but it’s all as we said on the earlier part of the call; it’s very a promotional market. And so we’re working harder to do what we need to do to get to the place and we’re with great corporations and they’re doing the same sorts of things, everybody has got a different game chart and they’re all working towards the same end zone of delivering on their promise and we are as well. But I would say that we are feeling a little bit better about the wave that as we get through each week now.Robin M. Farley – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, thanks. That’s a great question and appreciate it, because if there has been a lot of noise in the numbers and it’s not anything, but just taking the time to step back and look at the fact that we went through as you know in 2012, we didn’t have any Dry-docks in 2013. We had three. so now we’re on an apples-to-apples basis in 2014. Of course, there’s nuances in each quarter, like this quarter we have I think 19 days of Dry-docks versus last year, we had five or six with the Pride of America. So, there’s more Dry-docks in the first quarter of this year. So, that’s why the first quarter looks a little odd and of course, the Getaway inaugural like [indiscernible]. And then as you get through the year, you start to see the real drive. This company has consistently improved on the cost side of the equation without obviously sacrificing on the guest satisfaction. And so that’s a continuing lean management initiative. We have two teams that are working on that, one, on the ships and one, on the shore side. And it is a long, long process. I will tell you that I can see this continuing to be on the margin improving in our margins for four, five, six years. So just as an example, you go on a ship and you go to a department and you go through that department and you wrinkle out all of the inefficiencies and then you let it operate for few weeks or a month and then you come back and make sure that they continued to keep that process in place. And then once you perfected it on one ship then you go and you roll it out to. So, it’s not as easy as it would be if we were in one building and everything was done. So, I think that’s going to be a bleeding opportunity on the margin side of the years to come. I will tell you on the other side as you said, the new ships are very efficient and I mean I don’t want to say and I won’t get too specific. But we just finished our first sailing on Getaway and I was kind of blown away with the efficiency on the fuel, just for the week in fuel consumption. So, if that is an indication of where that’s going. That just another example of how the ships are just by default of the size and of the efficiencies that they are going to lead to margin improvement and you guys know that we have got a nice margin improvement in our year. So, it those sort of things and then it also got the top-line stuff that we are working on constantly and just redoing things, new deals arrangements and how we articulate to the guest the experience.Harry C. Curtis – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So, if you were to breakdown your cost line items a little bit more. Can you give us a sense of which line items you expect to move on a same birth, same ship basis move up versus where do you think you can probably expect some costs coming out.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. I want to understate Wendy said about the SG&A costs, because we are really looking at that as being the drop through. And as you know, we grow X% in the year on the revenue and we’re very watchful of that to make sure that we’re getting the efficiencies and we talked about in prior quarters about some of the departments where we went through and did the [indiscernible] events on that we actually landed on having the same or maybe even one or two people left, because of the technology solutions in eliminating inefficiencies, even despite the fact that we’re heading 17% or 18% in capacity. The other thing too is that we had also point out that I think is kind of subtly into the improvements that we will continue to feel. We are taking the learnings from the ships and the digital signage that we have in the new ships and pushing that back to the old ships. We talked about in the past about the Churrascaria. Recently we accidentally announced that we were taking the Oceans Pub and putting that on all of the ships and any of the Epic, the Getaway or the Breakaway know that that is the heart and soul of the ship and that it's got a pulse well into the early morning hours. So taking and solving for the atrium that’s kind of not the excitement of the new ships, say as an example, Jewel-class ships. To me, it’s going to really make it all work and then putting the Churrascaria right next to the [indiscernible] is more logical to our guests, because now it will be on all of our ships, the kind of the restaurants are in the same sort of location. So, we think a lot of these on the margin are just strengthening not only the onboard revenue, the efficiencies and strengthening the existing ships.Harry C. Curtis – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: That’s very helpful, guys. Thanks.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, it’s the same. I think we’re listening to our shareholders. We’re looking towards the end of the year and saying, hey at some point, in and around that time period, we need to be responsive and I think it would not be productive for us to be paying off 1.5% or 2% debt, it would be much more thoughtful for us to be redistributing. And I think the shorter-term solution or answer would be that we would probably very carefully do some stock acquisition. if the selling shareholders are still the puzzle, maybe, we could marry with that at the appropriate discounts or whatever. And then at some point, as we get on our feet so to speak from a liquidity standpoint and strengthen and strengthen and strengthen. Then when we know we never will ever have to look back, then we probably started dividend that I would say that that probably would be at least a year later than the first step with the share repurchase.Patrick Scholes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, got it. I appreciate the more detailed color on that.
Kevin Sheehan: The last part, Steve’s great. I appreciate you asking that. And we are obviously waiting for that moment in time and when you look back at the last six years. This is my sixth anniversary. And from the oil price skyrocketing and the economy downturn in Europe and everything under the sun that has happened over this last six years, it’s not been and I don’t know maybe it doesn’t ever, I shouldn’t say that way, but we have not had a reasonably good period without something out there that distracts the value of this fantastic experience well for the whole industry and you got guys that we compete with, have spectacular assets as well. And I think we are all waiting for that time. I do think that when the world gets a little bit more healthy from and consumers have a short memory and we hope that if we can keep the industry focused on the merits of the value of the cruise and all of the fascinating family opportunities etcetera, etcetera. That we think that we will start to see that and it’s unfortunate, but it is what it is. And we can only come in every single day as you know our team works like crazy and we look at the game plan at every single day and we say, how do we adapt, how do we adjust, but we are waiting for that opportunity. So, I will let you know as soon as we feel a little bit of strength. And I think you’ll start to see, when we all start to say we're booked really solidly. I think as you know, when we talked into 2012 we felt like we were great in a position, same thing in 2013 and we are waiting and I’m going to keep my fingers crossed as we get into 2014, we are going to be in a really solid position. You know what I think as from an intellectual standpoint the stress and all the stuff you are feeling in one year becomes the opportunity and the next I think each of the companies coming through this as they are showing that they are becomes more of the strength of this cruise experience in 2015. So, that becomes pretty hopeful to me. As far as the onboard revenue, we really haven’t changed pricing and it’s really the further penetration as its really more communication and I think that’s an area that as a company have some opportunities to continue to strengthen. But the more clarity that you provide because I think it’s critical that our guest understand that they can have the experience on our ships, where they don’t need to spend anything and they can come and go to the complementary restaurants. But we also want to make sure we lay out appropriately the opportunities to come and have this fantastic experience by buying our ultimate dinning package. It’s a $119 for a 7-day cruise. And then you are able to go to Cagneys one night, La Bistro another night and just really have a very different kind of experience. So, the more we communicate, the more we lay those things out more appropriately on our website the better off I think that’s stuff will be leading improvement as we move forward. But we have not really raised prices on anything at this point.Steven E. Kent – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Kevin Sheehan: Well, I think when we announce all of the itineraries it will be better, it will be clear to you as far as – I don’t think we are doing anything on the leading edge from the capacity standpoint in Europe. The thing that plays out for us with the Norwegian Epic and as you remember the ship was designed as kind of a ship that actually played out very, very well to the European consumers. We get great ratings over there. It’s a great experience for the Americans that go over to Europe. So, it just plays out very strong as a ship that just stands on. The Epic is just continues to exceed the expectations I have as far as, it books well, it gets great ratings, and people are happy coming off in such a fantastic experience. I think it’s going to play well in Europe. And I think we are cautious about our capacity any single market but that kind of was the next logical step for us. When you think about the inefficiencies of taking the ship back and forth on a 11-day sailing on these Transatlantic that don’t drive great ticket prices and then as you can imagine when you get past the 7-day itinerary, the onboard revenue starts to slow and even the demographics on those ships don't lend themselves to high demographic as it is. So, when you take into consideration that 20 days or 25 days of back and forth each year and then think about how you can make that a driving force for our proposition as winning the best cruise line Europe by World Travel Awards six years in a row. I think it matches up very well.Steven M. Wieczynski – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay great. And the second question with Breakaway. I don’t know how much you will be able to say about this. If you look a little bit further out later into this year, are you starting to see any pressure due to the city introduction of competitors coming to New York market.
Kevin Sheehan: If you are referring to the guy that’s coming into Jersey, no, we’re not at this point – I think it’s a little early. I think they’ve done a good job of marketing their new assets as each of these – each of our competitors does. But I think those are huge markets, I think the more that there is a focus on new ships into a market; the more people will take notice. and I think at the end of the day, it is always going to be a little give-and-take as you put a ship into a new market. But over time, I learned this lesson very early from one of my competitors who said Kevin, when we bring a new ship in, it’s a little bit that first year and then the second year comes into its own. I didn’t fully understand that in the beginning, but I do now. And I think that’s the same as the other guys bring in new ships into New York. We’re very confident with what we have in New York and I think the competitive advantage of being able to take a taxi to the west side and all that goes along with that keeps us in, I think a good position.Steven M. Wieczynski – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. thanks, Kevin.
Kevin Sheehan: I don’t think, we are cautious on anything to be honest. I think 30 years in a public company, we call it as we see it and I will tell you, I think the third quarter, I hope what you are saying plays out and if it does, we’ll feel better as we get further and further into the next say, 30, 60 days. The other thing that’s a factor too is the Northeast and the Midwest has been inundated with snow and completely beyond normal levels. And we are having this debate and conversation as to whether we think – everybody is looking the snow birds that want to come down and get away from it for the spring break or something. but I don’t think – I think it’s taken everybody’s mind off the summer break. So I think we’re cautiously optimistic that, because of those two different things that this will play out over there. and I think we have a better way of – a better explanation as we report our first quarter earnings that we have a little bit more clarity.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I’m not sure I follow that. but I think for us to be talking about a yield guidance at approximately 4%. We’re already leading by far in the sentiment in the industry. And I think we’re very comfortable that that’s a good place to be right now. 
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, as you look at our Dry-docks in this year, they staged very well into getting the – that work done.
Kevin Sheehan: Thanks. And thanks everyone for your support, your time and we look forward to next quarter and to go around if anybody has the additional questions. Thanks so much everybody for taking the time today.
Wendy Beck: Okay I'll jump in there. First off, I would say that levering our SG&A that’s pretty powerful with brining on these additional ships and they are being roughly double the size of our existing fleet. So, that’s the large one there. And then on all the different operating cost within the fleet, we continually go back and leverage as we bring in a new ship, how can we continue to buy fuel, repair the maintenance, any type of item you name it, we’re looking at how can we buy smarter and gain more efficiencies.
Wendy Beck: Yes. So the scrubbers are intended to be installed in Dry-dock other than on the Norwegian Breakaway that won’t be going to Dry-dock during that timeframe.
Wendy Beck: That’s correct. Yes, we can, but to the extent, we can do it while it’s in Dry-dock, that's always preferential.
