Kevin Sheehan: Thanks, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. 2013 has already been, to say the least, an exciting year at Norwegian and we're not even halfway through. We kicked off the year with a successful IPO followed by a notes offering. We reported great results for 2012 and we come to you today to report the same for the first quarter of 2013. But while strong results are always a great story in and of themselves, today is a little different and it's very special to us. Not only are we reporting results for our first quarter as a publicly traded company, we've also gone to remote with this earnings call. Today, instead of coming to you from our headquarters in Miami, we're here in New York City welcoming our newest ship, Norwegian Breakaway, to her hometown. I know there are many New Yorkers on the call today and hopefully those of you that got to work bright and early witnessed the terrific sight of the Norwegian Breakaway sailing up the Hudson for the first time. In fact, many of you can probably look out your window and see her dock at the Manhattan Cruise Terminal. As the largest cruise ship to home port year-round in New York City, and with the distinctive hull art by Peter Max, she should be pretty easy to spot. She'll be sailing from New York to Bermuda throughout the summer and then switching to the Bahamas and the Caribbean itineraries in the winter. Norwegian Breakaway’s arrival in New York is a moment every team member at Norwegian has been looking forward to since October of 2010 when we announced the order for the Breakaway, and her sister ship, Norwegian Getaway. I have to say it's been an incredible experience to see the evolution of these ships, from concept, to design, to construction, and finally to operation. My thanks go out to everyone involved from the team at Norwegian and especially our dedicated site team to, of course, our travel partners who were, and continue to be, instrumental in educating guests to the unique elements and experiences on board. But most importantly, my thanks go out to our officers and our crew of Norwegian Breakaway. While the ship may house the state-of-the-art accommodations and entertainment venues, it is our team members on board that give this ship her personality. I couldn’t think of a better group to represent Norwegian year-round in my home town, but I’ll talk a little bit more about Norwegian Breakaway and Getaway later in the call. Today, we're here to discuss a strong first quarter, one that marks our 19th consecutive quarter of adjusted EBITDA growth, which is made even more impressive given this quarter was driven by organic growth and included a partial dry dock and elevated fuel costs. As in 2012, demand coming into 2013’s wave season was robust, with strong pricing on the majority of the itineraries, which along with improved on-board spend resulted in a healthy increase in our net yield. Caribbean itineraries performed well in the quarter, as did our unique inter-island Hawaii product. Our European deployment for the first of 2013 increased from one to two ships adding sailings from Rome in addition to Barcelona, giving both Europeans and other guest options to sail western and eastern itineraries during the winter months. Regarding costs, excluding those costs related to our IPO and notes offering our razor focus on optimizing every process, executing on every initiative, and managing every controllable expense resulted in improved performance and exceeded our guidance. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Wendy.
Kevin Sheehan: Yeah, was substantially the dry-dock and then [Tom] you never know exactly how that the work is going to get done. So it actually, we don't normally have dry-dock that go in between quarters, so it’s something that we learned a little bit about when we closed the docks, but it was two weeks it was last week of March and in first week of April, and when we accumulated the cost, it maybe depending to have
Kevin Sheehan: Costs that will swing into the second quarter. But when you look at the net cruise cost for the remainder year, I think it’s important what Wendy had said earlier that in 2012, we did not have any dry-docks, so accelerated one into 11 and just because of the timing, we didn’t have any in 2012. So now in 2013, you got three, the one that we had at the first week with Pride of America. And then the second week in the first week of April, and then we have the later on year we have to start. So when you take those three dry-docks and you kind of lay those into the cost structure, and then you add in the inaugural costs that we are is having this quarter and with those – the successful launch of the Breakway, that kind of gets into zone guidance and then important point though is that when you get past ’13 and you go into ’14 or ’15, we have a very consistent number of dry-docks each year so this is a one time kind of thing which makes it looks like a costs are going when you pull out those incremental cost, we continue to do a fantansic job of process improvement and as the interesting thing to and you could see these people all over shift, we have the entire Six Sigma team on the ship, on the Breakaway. They were working with the crew and in the dinning benches in the restaurants making sure we come out of the box with this engineering the way that makes so efficient to enable us the claims complement that we have but also enable our crew to interact with the guest and which is the reason why we have 38 straight months of record guest satisfaction. And you know just one side bar, I got because all the guests on the ship wanted to hear from these. So they set up a meeting in the theater, which I thought it was going to be a couple of people going into the theater to listen to Kevin (inaudible). And I walk into the theater and it’s completely packed and there was 300 or 400 people on older the steps going down to the front and in the back that we spend an hour. And I can’t tell you how nice the people were and how impressed they were with the ship and they noticed all of the nuances of this ship versus some of our older ships. And so it was very encouraging to me and I’m very excited to you guys come on the ship and see it, it’s just spectacular.
Kevin Sheehan: Yeah, as far as to Breakaway we just want to make sure that the on-board place – well, we’re expecting to be way ahead of what we were – I shouldn't say this probably. I'm getting a dirty look. But we're expecting to see the on-board experience and I'm the guy that's confident about that. The financial team is looking at me like I shouldn't say said. But let’s go through a few sailings. You guys are going to see this when you come on the ship. I had to roll into that morning and everybody was out. And this is a Transatlantic. And this is actually would know it’s typically [crowd] so I just can’t wait to get into a couple of sailings in Bermuda. As far as the organic side, as you know we have extremely strong pricing on the part of America. So we’re very satisfied with that and I would say on the other itineraries, we’re holding our own, Europe is starting to come back in the right direction. So I would say it’s still an environment where we want keep driving for the load factor because we want to make sure we’re in a great position, and then we can as we navigate through this important second and third quarter, you start to tweak the pricing. So we have the way we’re doing it and we’re pretty confident last year, about this time we started to reduce our prices as we – I think, I had mentioned on the earlier course, we had held pricing very long after the incident in early last year and probably a little bit too long, which heard a little bit towards the end of the year. And we’re feeling pretty confident in that – with the book position that we have that is going to an interesting scenario because we’re strengthening price as the prior year structure to tweaking of it.
Kevin Sheehan: So hope we answered everybody’s question perfectly and if we didn’t, we’re all around certainly Andrea and Wendy are available for your questions and I will see you guys in the ship, if you're around. And remember, we'll be preparing for the inaugural activities for Breakaway to your patience it will be appreciated. We've got CNBC coming over in about an hour and then CNN and a bunch of other things and in fact tomorrow we’ll be ringing the opening bell at NASDAQ at 9:30 to celebrate the Homecoming of (inaudible) Breakaway and so you can visit the NASDAQ website or Investor Relations website for details to look forward to seeing everyone to it in, thanks for your participation and support. And we look forward to talking with you guys or even on the inaugural or next quarter. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, of course it would be unrealistic to say that it was no impact from all of the news that came out in the last couple of months. I would say that it was on the margin though. And it just made us work a little bit harder. As you see, we came out with a solid quarter for quarter one, we are confident with our guidance for the second quarter and the full year. So I think the affirmation of that tells you that we as a company and I believe as an industry we’ve been able to work through that and hopefully get people more focused on the wonderful vacation experience that we offer in the in the cruise industry and what a value that is. What was the other part of the question, it was...
Unidentified Company Representative: As you could imagine, the events from last year impacted the European as well as the economic situation as well as the high air fares in 2012. And that seeped over a little bit in the beginning of 2013. As we look at it today, we’re starting to see some real momentum going with our booking activity in Europe through the season so we’re pretty happy about that. The pricing has come back to be more moderate to where we were hoping it would be. So that’s a check the box on that one. So I would say we’re confident with the itineraries that we have around the globe and I guess confirmation to that is seeing our guidance for the rest of the year being right in the same sweet spot.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Yeah so, on the margin the Caribbean, adjust a short period – it wasn’t as strong as we would have liked it. It’s impacting booking well. I would say that over the last 10 weeks as an example, we’ve had very strong booking other than one week where we’re still almost double-digit bookings levels – the price that’s too much to have. But as well the booking period has extended as well. So we’re happy about all of those indications we think now with the breakaway and all the excitement around the ship, which by the way is phenomenal. We expect to get a lot of bias of looking at the Norwegian product and we expect to see, hopefully further acceleration from here. And then as far as the bookings year-over-year, we’re pretty much where we are hoping to be from a booking volume with excluding the Breakaway, the Breakaway is booking very well. I would say for the most part the ships have booked a little bit different according to the time of the year. But right now, we’re right in the zone of where we were hoping to be, again which is why we have the confidence that with out guidance to the rest of the year. And to be honest I’m doing a lot of work right now to make sure that we roll into 2014 very strong and kind of, let’s get through each of these quarters in 2013 and make sure we’re positioned really well for 2014.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, it’s up mid-to-high single digits, just as a percentage without catching specific.Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then lastly, any color you can give us. You said in the prior question or so about you had to work a little bit harder and then you commented that the bookings have picked up and you feel pretty good about it. But was that predominantly for what itineraries, would you say, was that due to the Triumph fallout, or what itineraries or source market? A little more expand on that color, where you had to run a little bit harder to get things caught up.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I think it was coal volume throughout North America was predominantly where it was. Then they said it was a hiccup and just heightened our visibility to just really jump into make sure we were continuing the pace well and it didn’t lost for long period.Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Great. We'll see you tomorrow, sir. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Of course that’s why our guidance is unchanged because we also don’t have the breakaway out through a couple of sailings. So I would say everything is pretty much on the target of what we expect and when you look at individual ships there is always things that someone looking in a microscope and say, oh, this one is a little bit different but it’s kind of consistent with what the way we built our budget and I think we talked about we added a ship up in Alaska and that booking is a little bit different than the other two ships that had been there and we did that with the understanding that sometimes it takes a little bit longer for the travel agents to understand that you do have that ship up there but it’s all going according to plan and you know we’re happy with the first quarter, we really think, we got through a quarter very solidly. And we’re well-positioned for the second quarter and excited about the prospects for the year. And as I said, I’m really focused on 2014. I want to make sure that I’m always at least a year out to make sure we continue to build the blocks for the great success that we're going to have with expending.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right, I think the Alaska market is very, very strong and you’re right, it’s absorbing a lot of new capacities for the industry. And but we understood what was happening when we went into it such pretty much operating the way we had expected it in our budget. The Europe market is interesting because the booking volume has really accelerated in the last number of week. So we’re encouraged about where we are with the Europe, vis-à-vis our budget away for the rest of the season.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, you’re spot on, on that and the other point I would say is that and I saw this in our numbers figures actually, when we went through the Rotterdam inaugural, which we did first once we took delivery of the ship, we had a big travel agent event in Rotterdam and took them on a two-night sailing. And then we had another event in Southampton and you could watch and it’s interesting because you are sitting just to help Breakaway is going to take off from the inaugurals. But the reality was for the European market it just reminded everybody of how great that success the Norwegian Epic is and as you guys know that that’s won the Travel Weekly, Best Ship in the Industry for two years in a row. And it just reminded people so the booking activity on the Epic has really started to take off for the last couple, as we’ve gotten through these inaugurals. And I would suggest that now with over the focus on the Breakaway over here in New York, you won’t see the same take off for the Breakaway and we are pretty confident with that.
