Harry Sommer: Well, thank you, Mark. I want to close by reminding everyone of the ambitious targets and strategies that we laid out in investor day just two months ago, which are listed on slide 17. Our bold vision is to provide guests with exceptional vacation experiences, allowing them to vacation better and experience more. This vision is the foundation of our charting the course strategy supported by our four pillars, people excellence, guest-centric product offering, long-term growth platform, and exceptional performance. These pillars are all underpinned by our commitment to sustainability through our sale and sustain program. This new strategy and vision lead to a simple yet powerful earnings and return algorithm that Mark discussed earlier that will help us deliver on our 2026 financial targets. Our entire management team is driven and focused on this new strategy, and I'm positive that this quarter's results gives you even greater confidence that we are on track to achieve our long-term goals. We are optimistic about our future and look forward to sharing this journey of growth and success with you. With that, I'll hand the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Harry Sommer: I'm not sure I read a question in there either. So I'll try to do my best to respond. Listen, when I say they're ambitious, I mean that we believe that it's the proper cadence that drives the company forward to have great results. So I wouldn't read that my comments that ambitious, that I think they're, crazy optimistic, nor are they in such a way that we can't achieve them. We're very much committed and we are reiterating our support today that we're committed to hitting these targets in 2026. And I think the commentary that we gave on book position, the visibility we have into 2025, allows us to reiterate the goals that we think we're well on track to achieving now.
Harry Sommer: And Ben, I just want to highlight that that will be over time. We are not anticipating or should you expect there's going to be some level of ramped up CapEx over the next year or two. We will make measured disciplined investments there while looking to repurpose dollars that were otherwise going to be spent within the organization. So again, it will be in a measured way and associated with returns that we would expect with such investment.
Harry Sommer: And the only additional color I'll add, as you asked specifically about Jacksonville, is we have no material investment. That's an investment led by the local community, which obviously we're going to partner with by breeding [ph] ships there long-term. But that's on their dime, so to speak, not ours.
Harry Sommer: Okay, those are two good questions. I'm actually going to crack at both of them, and then Mark will do some cleanup after my second answer, because the first one is relatively straightforward. The overwhelming majority of our demand, especially on the NCL brand, but even across Oceania and region, comes from the North American consumer. So it really wouldn't be -- while I'm happy to share what's happening in the rest of the world, which is really good as well, it wouldn't materially impact our numbers anyway. So, I think that's a more important answer to the question. The European and Asian consumer is very – is only on the margin important to us. But to be clear, they're doing well as well. We are happy with the demand out of Europe. We're happy with the demand out of Latin America, Australia, all the places that we sell core consumers to the U.S., and they continue to do well for us. In terms of next year, listen, 2.5% is a baseline. Obviously, we are going to do everything in our power to overachieve on yield, and we're going to do everything in our power to overachieve on cost, I mean coming in with better cost, but I think 2.5% is a very good place to start. We only announced that about 2 months ago. We're still focused on that for 2025 and 2026.
Harry Sommer: And the only additional color, Brandt, that I'll add is we now, as I said earlier in the Q&A session, we managed to yield not to price and we're guiding now to a 5-point yield increase year-over-year, which, quite frankly, considering that we're guiding at 6% now for Q2 and Q3, and -- we don't view that as a material difference. We don't go 6% 1 quarter, 5% another quarter as anything other than the normal ebbs and flows of businesses. So I think this conversation about some sort of deceleration can finally be put to bed. We tried last time, but we're obviously weren't successful. Hopefully, after this time, we can finally put that to bed.
Harry Sommer: I -- so thanks, Vince. I think the reiteration of the low to mid-single-digit yield growth for next year is spot on and that continues to be our goal for 2025 and 2026. When we look at our deployment mix for 2025 versus 2024, obviously, there's some changes on the margin, but it's not a substantial change year-over-year. Obviously, we didn't have any new hardware come online this year, which would be a tailwind for next year. We have two ships coming on next year, one a little earlier, one towards the back half of the year. So I don't think that new ships will have a material impact as well. I think most of what you see next year is just going to be organic based on marketing, demand, tweaking revenue management tools and just being more effective at executing in the company. So I don't think there's any huge onetime or our ancillary items that impact yield for next year.
Harry Sommer: Yes. So thank you, Lizzie, and we've seen the questions in your initial report this morning, too, so we appreciate the heads up on it. So I'll just say at a high level, I understand how you drew the conclusion you did that the benefit was based on commission or direct bookings or something like that. But I just want to explain that what's not the case. The entire benefit we saw in that line was as the result of better air purchasing. So, we bundle air on Oceania region, NCL and anywhere between 35% and 60% of our guests depending on the brand and the regions. And as we're able to buy air more effectively, we pass on the savings to the guests, which results in lower gross revenue and lower air costs that they would show up in the commission transportation and other line get better net revenue because we believe our air program is a competitive advantage in driving demand. So therefore, for us, having higher net revenue and lower gross revenue actually a huge benefit, which I think an analyst community misunderstands, they think with this kind of growth, it's actually a benefit. It means we're buying air more effectively, again, tackling on those savings to the guests, which allow us to have a more robust demand environment. In terms of how much more leverage there may be on buying air better? Listen, we have a team what they do. They -- we continue to do our best to contract with new carriers, especially both on the domestic and international front. That gives us more choices to offer our guests. So I do not think we have run the entire course. I could sort of -- although it doesn't necessarily show up in cost, so it is officially part of the transformation office for the $300 million that Mark mentioned, clearly find air better and providing that benefit to the guest is a long-term benefit for the company.
Harry Sommer: Okay. So once again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We'll be around to answer any questions you may have. Have a great day and we look forward to seeing you in our next call. Thanks, everyone.
Mark Kempa: I'll take that one, Steve. Harry, first off, thanks for the kind words. We were very happy with our results this quarter and our increased guidance for the year as well. Two different questions. I'll do my best to address both. On the booking trends, not really seeing any key patterns there. We're happy with the strength across the board. We're seeing good strength in the Caribbean, Europe, Alaska, exotics, all the places that we go to. We were pretty meticulous going into 2025 with our itinerary planning to do a good job at balancing our demand and supply by region of the world. We seem to generally be successful. I'll point out one thing that I'm particularly pleased with. It's Alaska and Europe for next summer. Please don't take that as a comment that I'm not pleased with anything else. We're pleased with everything. That's one area that seems to be doing particularly well and a little bit ahead of our expectations, so we're happy with that. In terms of your second comment about whether or not our view of book position has changed, I think so. I think if you were to compare this, for example, to 2019, which last normal year way back when, I would say that our optimal book position is probably a little bit ahead, but I think that's just due to better analytics, better revenue management tools, better thoughts of the future. I just want to reiterate, perhaps save a question from someone else in the future. Our goal is not to be at record book positions. Our goal is to be at optimum book positions such that we can maximize yield. We don't take record book positions to the bank. We take yield to the bank. And we have calibrated our tools such that, sometimes it's okay to slow down bookings in order to raise prices. And one thing that we're particularly proud of that I mentioned in my prepared remarks is we have really seen robust pricing for 2025 up significantly compared to this time last year for 2024. And that's something that obviously we're going to continue to do our best on to deliver towards our 2025 and 2026 long-term financial goals, which we mentioned on yesterday.
Mark Kempa: Yes, good morning, Ben. This is Mark. So you're absolutely right. We continue to be very, very confident in achieving our cost reduction and waste elimination goals. So when you think about the full year, I think in the quarter our costs were favorable. I think it was, what, $6 million, $7 million. That's just the timing between quarters. But when you step back and you think about that on a full year basis, you are absolutely right. Due to better performance that we called out, we do have variable comp that is hitting us both in second quarter and second half of the year and disproportionately weighted to the third quarter. So all-in-all, that indicates that we're actually pacing ahead in terms of our overall $100 million goal that we had committed for this year. So we continue to find new things. We continue to hone in and eliminate waste. We're committed to that and very happy on the progress we're seeing going forward.
Mark Kempa: I think there'll be a little bit of both. I think there'll be some parallel investments, but I think this is a long-term development plan for us. As you know, we have one of the largest private islands in the Caribbean. We have lots of real estate to build on. We have a long-term master plan. So I think you can look to see some things opening up in 2025 with the peer, and more things will come in 2026 and 2027. We are committed. We have a significant percentage, especially of our NCL fleet, visiting there in the winters and even now some in the summers as well. Perhaps you caught some of our deployment changes when we announced our 26th deployment for NCL a couple of weeks ago. And we plan to maximize our real estate and what we believe is a competitive advantage in the Caribbean with this island.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Good morning, Conor. Look, I think when you think about 2025, we're not expecting any sort of material headwinds from our core fundamental costs, other than what we would expect against normal inflation, which again, we've been very adamant. We believe we can deliver sub-inflationary costs. But things around the island or even I think you mentioned dry docks, when we think about dry docks year-over-year, there is no substantial step up. I think our dry dock days, you know, might change year-over-year. It's in the single digit number. Now, there may be different capacity days in terms of timing of the dry docks or similar of next year. But overall, that's not a headwind when you think about it from a 20,000-foot level. So we're focused on, as we've been saying, we're focused on our algorithm. We believe we can deliver sub-inflationary unit cost growth or better. And Q2 and our second half guidance is another testament to that, that we're on a strong path toward that course.
Mark Kempa: I'll just say, Conor, and I hope I get to the essence of your question. Listen, our core driver revenue is the first and second guests in the cabin, not necessarily the third guests in the cabin. The third guest doesn't tend to pay very much. So, our focus is really more on cabin occupancy than passenger occupancy, because those third and fourth guests have a very small marginal benefit. So, once again, this really gets to optimizing yield, not necessarily optimizing an occupancy number or something along those lines.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Matthew, just to highlight some things. So look, when we announced our targets, what I think it would be important to understand is, number one, there is no hockey stick implication or assumption that we're going to do X in 2025, and we have to do Y in 2026. That was a very broad-based spread that we've committed to. So what do I mean by that? Yes, there may be some variability between quarters either upward or downward of that. I mean it's very, very early when we look at 2025 and 2026. So I wouldn't get caught up on the quarterly spread. I would concentrate on the full year spread, which is what we're aiming for. And again, we're not assuming any sort of hockey stick scenario, and I think that's the important thing to keep in mind in your models and your thinking.
Mark Kempa: Yes, look, good morning. And as we've talked about before in the Middle East, you know, I think a call or two earlier in the year, we had said the Middle East Red Sea was about a one to two point impact for the year. And if you think about that on the quarters, it's disproportionately weighted to Q4 of this year because about 10% of our capacity was in that region. So I can't give you full -- I'm not going to give you full or complete quantification for Q4 other than I would urge you to consider that it was 10% of our deployment that was disproportionately weighted on our luxury brand. So it is certainly weighing down on the fourth quarter. That said, as I've also said in my remarks, fourth quarter of last year we had 14% pricing growth and 8% yield. And even more importantly, I think when you look at the fourth quarter and the second half and you think about the progression that we've made over the last four to five months, we have continually increased our guidance for both the third and fourth quarters consistently. And I think that is a testament that we are seeing strength and we are seeing strong momentum. So I'll leave you with that, but I think we're very satisfied with where we are and hopefully we can outperform that.
Mark Kempa: Sure. I'll give you a short answer and then a longer answer. So the short answer is no. We are seeing no absolutely 0 decrease in onboard spend. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in fact, have the preselling of onboard is actually up considerably over the prior period that we comped to. The slightly longer answer is you need to keep in mind a couple of factors. The huge value gap between hotel ADRs and cruise line yields. I think at our Investor Day, we referenced a 40% value gap, which really still means we have tremendous runway to go to catch up the hotels. We consider that a long-term tailwind for the company. And also the fact that because our bookings pattern is so much further in advance, we have lots of opportunities to engage with our consumer and discuss with them all the value of being on our ship. I gave a little bit of the fact that the people are in our product, the whole time, unlike a hotel where people come and go, sort of are on the ship for extended periods of their vacation, which gives us a little bit of a tailwind there as well. So overall, the short answer is no cracks, no deterioration. If anything, it continues to be strong and more long-term, I think there are fundamental things that work in our favor that make our business quite a bit more resilient than the hotel on the ancillary/onboard spend category.
Mark Kempa: Good question, but it's not really something we're prepared to talk about yet. Obviously, what we see in the industry is on our radar screen, and we're studying it, but not really in a place to comment at the current time.
Mark Kempa: Good morning, James. It's Mark. So, thanks for the question. Look, as we've stated, and more importantly, as we've committed, we've said that we're targeting $300 million of savings over the course of the three years through 2026. And we're confident in that. Doesn't mean it's in the bag, but it's an ever-evolving journey. And we think we have the right tools, we have the right culture that's in place, we're seeing changes in the organization, and we're starting to eliminate waste effectively. And again, it remains to be seen when you think about next year, what is inflation? We generally think of inflation as somewhere around 3%. And of course, we all know that could be up or down. But our goal is to mitigate some or all of that. And what I can say is, to date, and our performance indicates it, we are doing well on that track. And we're actually ahead of that track for 2024. So, a bit early to commit on what 2025 is going to look like, but we have a lot of runway, we have a lot of annualization from initiatives that started this year that will get the full annualization of next year. So, we're feeling comfortable on our targets. And we are laser-focused on this in eliminating that waste, but preserving the entire guest experience and the product that we're known to deliver.
Mark Kempa: Yes, so first on share count, I think we've been guiding to about 515 million or 516 million fully diluted. And I would expect that number to be very similar next year because that does assume that all of our convertibles that are out on the horizon are converted to shares. That is not our intention, of course, for our 2027s, as we've always said. But the 2025 convertibles, we expect to convert to shares because we don't have another option. In terms of DNA and, you know, DNA, I think our DNA generally runs probably about 9.5% or so of gross revenue. And I would anticipate that it's probably going to be in that same zone going forward. And in terms of interest, again, I think we continue to make progress on the interest. We're guiding to, what are we guiding to, about 760 or so this year. And I think that's about, what is that, about 6.5% or so of gross as we continue to pay down debt, as hopefully we can take out some debt early, as we've potentially indicated with our 2024 December maturity. I think hopefully we can continue to see some improvement on that front. So I'm not going to give you a specific number on it, but think about where we are this year, 730, 740 or so. I think that would probably be a consistent percent of gross revenue or better.
Mark Kempa: I think, Dan, generally speaking, to the extent we can continue to improve on that line item, we're going to continue to improve on it. Obviously, we are at the mercy of some of the market volatility in terms of whatever air does. But I think it's a good assumption to assume that we're going to continue to work hard on that and see improvements. So a bit of a not exact answer, because I think there is some variability there, but I think we're going to continue to see improvements there.
Mark Kempa: Yes, I think the way to think about it is it provides us another solid milestone toward our 2026 target of mid-fours. I think generally the models out there know what our debt is, net debt is. And I think you have a good handle on obviously where our EBITDA is. So we are making progress and we think by year-end we're going to see significant improvements in that quarter after quarter.
