Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. With the integration of Norwegian and Prestige well behind us, our team can now focus 100% on executing on our long-term strategy and developing complementary initiatives to drive further growth in our business. A case in point is the Feel Free global campaign launched last month with the Norwegian brand. It brings a straightforward message that translates well in all markets around the world and bolsters Norwegian's attribute of freedom and flexibility. At the same time, we are delivering on our disciplined newbuild program with the addition of Sirena to the Oceania Cruises fleet and the already legendary Seven Seas Explorer to the Regent fleet. Lastly, Norwegian's three brands continue to work together to align strategies and home processes by showing best practices ranging from the best way to deploy digital marketing initiatives to producing world-class entertainment across our fleet, to developing preliminary programs that are best-in-class. Both Wendy and I wish we had more time to discuss just how much activity is going on at Norwegian in our drive to at least $5 adjusted earnings per share in 2017 and 14% return on invested capital in 2018, but we want to leave time for your questions. So, operator, I'll ask you to now please open up the call for Q&A.
Frank J. Del Rio: I've heard those comments. I'm probably not the best expert to articulate what may be happening on the ground today because, as you know, we don't get there until another 18 months from now. But I got to tell you, Harry, that everything that I've seen, everything that my team on the ground sees, the discussions we're having with the big-charter travel agents, operators, it reinforces our belief that overall there is no better place to deploy a new vessel, like we are deploying in 2017, than in China.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, I think it's at this stage more of a wish and a hope by the operator that it evolves into a more diversified multi-channel way of doing business than the singular charter. But I got to tell you, from our perspective, entering the market as we are for the first time, I think it works to Norwegian's advantage to have a very concentrated group of travel agents that are mainly responsible for the ultimate distribution of the product. Perhaps years from now when we have four or five vessels, I will probably think differently. But entering this market pretty much as a start-up in China, I kind of favor the existing very one-sided model because it allows me to focus all my attention on a known group of distributors as opposed to trying to introduce a brand in a populace of over a billion people. So for guys like me, it may not be the worst thing in the world.
Frank J. Del Rio: We mentioned probably six months ago that the formal synergy program was over. We've, I believe, done an excellent job in identifying those major contracts. Contracts have long-life in some cases. They're not all up for renewal in 2015 or in 2016, and we continue to believe that as more of these contracts come up for renewal that the combined volume that we bring to a particular vendor, a particular contract will be helpful in renegotiating new terms at a lower cost.
Frank J. Del Rio: You've got to take them one at a time. Certainly, Escape is proving to be as good as her billing and consistent with what we've said in the past about new vessels entering the Norwegian fleet. Sirena on the Oceania brand is performing on par with the other three sister vessels that are identical to Sirena. So not really accretive, but just more of the good high yields that those kind of vessels produce. And Explorer is doing very well, although she's only going to contribute to about 5.5 months worth of business. But to give you an idea, she is in the Mediterranean in the third quarter or early fourth quarter. And in spite of the challenges that we see in the Mediterranean, she is booked at yields roughly 50% higher than a sister Regent vessel is generating in the Mediterranean during the same time. So clearly, that is a huge driver. But remember that that vessel is only a 750-passenger vessel. So, on a weighted average basis, even though she books as well as I mentioning to her the overall impact on the annual yield growth is minimal.
Frank J. Del Rio: So, yes, it did not include China. The $5 was introduced about a year ago. So lots of moving parts any time you are predicting what's going to happen two years down the road. But everything that we see today, we have greater confidence than ever that the $5 earnings per share at a minimal will be reached. We think China will be accretive. We think that, if fuel remains at the levels it is today, it will be accretive. not on a dollar-for-dollar basis because don't forget our unfavorable hedges. But nevertheless, we've also netted higher synergies than was contemplated when we put out the $5 back in February/March of last year. But then, of course, the biggest driver of all is the confidence that we're seeing in the advance booking. To be up 30% on higher pricing is very comforting. And we have yet to see the full effect of all the itinerary changes that we've announced because some don't take effect until late 2016 and early 2017 and some don't take effect until mid-2017, which also were not included. We believe that the move of Getaway alone to Scandinavia could have an impact of just under $0.10 a share. So we see a lot of good reasons why that $5 is coming into focus very nicely.
Frank J. Del Rio: We had a very, very strong Q4 in onboard spend leading up to the holidays. We saw a little dip at the beginning of the year, and it's typical. I think it's a little bit of the hangover from New Year. But over the last three weeks or so, we've seen it pick up back to where we expected it to be. So there's no headline there, at least not yet.
Frank J. Del Rio: Greg, we see that the North American passenger up to now – we think it will change throughout the spring and summer, but up to now we see the North American passenger being a little more hesitant to book an Eastern Mediterranean itinerary than if you are a European-sourced guest. And that's very consistent with what we've seen in prior events similar to what we're facing now.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, there is I think various reasons. One, people want to go on vacation, they want to cruise. So if a person is perhaps hesitant to go to the Eastern Mediterranean, they'll go to the Caribbean instead. So weakness in one theater of deployment will be offset by strength in the other. I also think that in the case of Norwegian, we've got our best hardware there. People want to try the Escape; people want to try the Getaway and Breakaway. And I think that our marketing is resonating, it's upbeat. It's just consistent with the overall fun nature of the Caribbean, and there has not been any reason not to go to the Caribbean. So it's always going to be the largest deployment theater for the cruise industry and it's been consistently in the mid 40s-% of capacity, and I think to some degree the demand has sort of filled up to that capacity over the years.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I'm glad you asked. We made a big deal at about this time last year. And through the fourth quarter, our California business was up 20% and Canada was up 19%. So, we thought that was a very good ROI, especially to get to those levels ramped up as quickly. And so I expected that trend to continue through 2016 with the new ship introductions, et cetera.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I don't know. Those aren't the kind of things that I discuss with competitors. But my sense is that a high tide raises all boats, as they say. And if we're doing well into the future, my instinct is that others are as well. We're not doing anything particularly different for 2017 departures that we're not doing for 2016. It seems to resonate well in the market place. As I said earlier, the only difference between 2016 and 2017 are some itinerary changes that we discussed earlier that we think are going to be accretive to yields and therefore to earnings. But I think it just shows a fundamental strong demand by consumers for cruise vacation. We all know what's the pundits have been saying about the overall economy and the threat of recession, et cetera, et cetera, but I've always believed that the cruise industry because of our elongated booking curve is a very strong indicator of future our economic activity and I hope that what we're seeing for 2017 carries on and it proves out (55:32) that the economy remains strong.
Frank J. Del Rio: If you go back to 2008, 2009 with the great recession, most cruise lines out there today have yet to reach their pre-recession yield. I think that's the best indicator of how resilient the brands are in case of a downturn and that's because most brands react by reducing pricing when natural demand dries up. The Oceania and Regent brands didn't do that, our go-to-market strategy is to not focus on discount but to focus on spending more marketing dollars to stimulate demand. As a result, Regent returned to its high watermark. I think, Regent never missed a year, every year was a record year in yields and Oceania missed it in 2009 and got back in 2010. So from Oceania and Regent's perspective, I will tell you that, the upscale brands are more resilient to the downturn. Even though Norwegian brand, on a standalone basis, got back to their pre-recession yields in 2011. And so I think a lot has to do with management and how they react to the situation and we're very pleased that we keep growing yields because we never had to climb that steep full back up from deep discounting.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I think that the bigger impact on yields in the upscale segment is not so much the capacity increase as you mentioned, but the geopolitical situation in the Eastern Med, the Med. That's the area where a lot of upscale inventory goes to in the second quarter and third quarters. And with that area having the negative impact, I think that's having a bigger impact on yield than whether one or two or three ships are entering the marketplace.
Frank J. Del Rio: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for your time and support. As always, we will be available to answer your questions later today. Thanks again.
Wendy A. Beck: And I would just add to that, Harry, that I think in the beginning, what you might be alluding to is taking out maybe the hotel operations contractor on Prestige, and we have decided to keep that in place. But instead, what we've done is we've really pulled our buying power and we're working very well together not just on the Prestige side, but also logistics for the entire fleet.
Wendy A. Beck: So all of the other dry-docks throughout the year, if you look at dry-docks this year versus last year, they pretty much roll over each other. So the largest impact is when you pull out the Pride of America in Q1, Felicia, partly because it's a 24-day dry-dock, partly because it's also the highest yielding ship on Norwegian. So, on a full year basis, if you pulled that out, it's probably about 10 basis points to 15 basis points.
Wendy A. Beck: And I would just add that that kind of helps counterbalance the Norwegian Escape, where obviously Norwegian ships are at a lower yield than the Oceania and the Regent ships. But again, Felicia, if you take 3% to 4% is the number that we've always guided to in a year that we bring in ships, that's a midpoint of 3.5%, we're guiding to 4% on a Constant Currency basis, which I think really points to the fact that we have really been growing the organic fleet.
Wendy A. Beck: No, we are not. So the guidance for 2016 does not assume buybacks. In the original $5 plan, however, there was just under $800 million of free cash flow that we showed at that time to pay down debt, but not specifically buybacks.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. So on Q4, there were some partly repairs and maintenance, some timing items and additional investments. Clearly you've seen the benefit as we've made investments, primarily into the Norwegian brand in 2015 and what it's done to drive demand and yields. On the 2016 side of costs, there are a number of puts and takes there, but clearly we are investing in China, we called that out, that's $15 million for 2016 for the cost of investing and the ship comes in in mid-2017 where we'll then get the benefit. There is about $20 million on the additional dry-docks, there is a little bit more interest in some FX, and then we also have a tailwind on the fuel side.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, somewhat. But overall I would say that we're doing everything we can to keep – if you take out China and the additional dry-dock expense, we would actually be sub-1% in our growth in net cruise cost, Robin. So we're doing everything we can to manage down those costs. And you are correct, by the way, on The Norwegian Edge program. There has been a little bit of misunderstanding there as to how we get to those numbers. But keep in mind that we have always been out there saying post the acquisition that we have about $175 million in what we would call maintenance CapEx for the combined fleets. So The Norwegian Edge and the Regent program, those span two years so you've got $175 million times two. We also have been opportunistic to lock in FX hedges on our new-builds. So there's a few puts and takes, but overall our CapEx guidance has not changed because we're managing through that.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. So it's about $32 million a year in revenue and about $5 million per year to the bottom line, so pretty immaterial. And it actually is dilutive to our yields as we bring in additional capacity. So what we've tried to do there is just make sure that we excluded assuming that the sale will go through and it'll be out some time in 2016 and give you all the color to get your models right by quarter.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, good question. So it's about half and half. $0.05 of that would be related to the impact of Turkey and $0.05 would be on the FX.
Wendy A. Beck: Great. Hi. So the capacity growth for Q2 is approximately 11%, Q3 15%, and Q4 11%. And then on the cadence for yields, it will be the highest in Q3. I've likened it to a bell curve in the past and it's still similar to bell curve and then Q2 would be the next highest, Q1 would be the third highest and then Q4 would be the lowest, but that's because we're rolling over such high numbers in Q4 2015.
Wendy A. Beck: And then, Tim, regarding the dry-dock, so it's a dry-dock versus a dry-dock 2016 versus 2017. Maybe slightly less in cost in 2017 due to the Pride of America dry-dock.
Wendy A. Beck: Well, I think as we talked to all of our investors, we've got a weighted average cost of debt of roughly 3.9%. It's hard to choose to pay down debt at those kind of rates. We have been out there, as you've seen, being opportunistic and also participating with secondary offerings. So, I think that's where our focus is at this time, especially with the rates where our stock is.
