Frank Del Rio: Thanks, Wendy. And while my six week tenure in Norwegian is just a little bit shorter than yours, I too sharing the excitement of opportunities that lay before us. The timing of the Prestige acquisition was such that it allowed us to begin 2015 with strong momentum, generated by the potential and opportunities of this combination. Our unified and passionate team is hard at worked to ensure that we build upon Norwegian’s strong foundation to grow our three brands and improve upon their already industry-leading financial performance. I know that some of you are expecting some sort of revolutionary announcement regarding Norwegian’s future. But it is simply too early in the game to make any definitive declarations regarding expansion into new markets, orders for new ships or any other major strategic announcements. These things may happen in time, and if they do happen, it will be after intense study and careful consideration. I have a proven track record in building leading brands with award-winning product offerings supported by loyal customers, while driving significant revenue and profit growth. Couple this with a Norwegian brand that has delivered five years of consistent earnings growth and best-in-class metrics, and I believe that by pulling our talent and exploding the opportunities that lie ahead will result in a most dynamic, the most innovative, and quite simply, the best cruise operating company in the industry. Thank you all for your continued support. We’d like to go ahead and open up the call for questions.
Frank Del Rio: Harry, it gives me a lot of enthusiasm. And I think you hit a couple of major points, the scale opportunity is tremendous. Coming from 6,500 beds to over 40,000 beds and 18,000 more on the way are certainly exciting and it just gives us so much more room to be able to apply the known basis business principles that led to outsize returns and great growth in both revenue and profits at the Prestige brands and to bring those concepts over to the Norwegian brand. Like I said earlier, I’ve been here six weeks, but I can tell you that this management team is excited. They’re engaged. They understand what we’re trying to do. They agree what the philosophies that we’re trying to incorporate across the organization, and it’s going to yield wonderful results, if you’re going to see in time both in the revenue section of the P&L and the cost section of the P&L. In terms of the fleet, Norwegian has got a heck of a fleet with more fantastic ships coming. Escape is just a groundbreaker for us, a game changer, if you will. And I think that our customers are agreeing with us. As Drew mentioned, the sales of Escape are really off the charge. We’re really happy with both the velocity, volume of bookings and their pricing. The trends are incredibly strong, and we’ll be looking to raise prices on Escape, because quite frankly, the load factors are just remarkable. Getaway, Breakaway, Epic, all fantastic ships in their own right, still generating double-digit yields of premiums over the rest of the fleet, excluding part of America, which is a one-time or is a unique product in and of itself. The Prestige fleet is a heck of a fleet. The Marina and Rivera were greatly - they were very well accepted I should say by the Oceania people and now being able to bring, to the fleet a four R-class ship. Those ships are timeless. The level of support evidenced by the strong per diems that those ship generates is just mind boggling. And so been able to purchase the vessel and refurbish for an all-in cost of some $180,000 per bed against the backdrop of the per diems that she generates is an incredible ROI story. And then there is Explorer, the Regent newbuild. Regent hasn’t had a newbuild since 2003. So we may accelerate the next Regent ship a little bit faster than every 13 years. And it was excited. And as Jason mentioned, the overwhelming outpoured of support by the past guests is off the charts. It actually will be the most luxurious crew ship ever built, and I think that kind of products, commitment by the Regent brand is really resonating with these ultra-high-net worth individuals who are the ones who take these cruises.
Frank Del Rio: I do. If you look back to the actual performance of the company since its IPO in 2013, the company generated $1.41 in earnings per share in ’13. In 2015, if you take the midpoint of the guidance that Wendy laid out, will be at $2.80. So we will have doubled earnings per share in two years. And we believe that $5 is certainly or slightly above $5 is the target for ’17, which would be another 79% increase over where we are for 2015. And of course, if you have those kind of earnings per share improvements over time, by definition, your ROIC is also going to improve. And as you may recall in 2013, when the IPO took place, the ROIC for Norwegian was 7%. We believe we will break into double-digits next year. And in ’14 - in 2018, excuse me, we will double our ROIC from the 2013 starting point of 7%. So, some 14% in 2018. So it’s a strong financial performance.
Frank Del Rio: We are seeing it across all brands, although the Norwegian brand probably saw the most pronounced spike during the last three weeks. And it’s continued through this week. So we have a chat on Friday, I would tell you that it’s going to be four weeks and not just three. So the trend continues. You know what? You never know why one business is good or one business is bad. It’s never one single factor. It’s always the combination of factors, but we do have a compelling promotion in the marketplace, especially for the Norwegian brand that seen the highest spike. As you know, we come from a mindset at the Prestige brands where we market to fill as opposed to discount to fill. And while I’m not suggesting that that strategy will work exactly the same way that Norwegian as it does it for Prestige, I think it’s a work pursuing, and see how much we can convert this idea that the only leverage that our company - the only leverage that the company has to simulate demand is lower pricing. And so we introduced a promotion at Norwegian that didn’t focused on lower prices but focused instead on more value. And that’s something that we have over time perfected at the Prestige brands. And as you know, the Prestige brands have the highest per diems in their classes of any one in the company - in the industry. So look, we’re fixated on yield increases. We’re fixated on earnings per share improvements. I know the old accountant that you have to have a balance attack, so it’s not going to be judged on the heels of yield improvements that we’re going to get our earnings per share up, but also on cost control and cost consciousness. To give you an example on that, one of my direct reports in our new orchard will be to head of purchasing. I want the entire organization to understand that effective purchasing keeping costs down is important, and that’s why the head of purchasing reports directly to the CEO. But you lead with revenue, you can't save your way to success over the long-term, but you can't ignore it, you can't be sloppy with costs. You got be very crisp. When you operate a company that has 17, 18 million bed days a year, every dollar you find is another 17 or 18 million or $0.08 or $0.09 earnings per share to the bottom line. And an organization of this size, I will tell you that there are plenty of these $1 nuggets of opportunities to reduce costs. We’ve already found some after five weeks and there are just as many of those opportunities to perhaps in the revenue side, of which, we’ve also find some very exciting opportunities. So it’s going to be a balanced attack. We’re going to strike at both, finding costs - and that’s just six months synergy that everyone will focus on. This will be an ongoing operation. If you look at numbers that we were able to generate at Prestige is only 6,500 beds and able to control our costs year-after-year, even with the introduction of new ships. You’ll know that our management team has that mindset of keeping costs down. It’s not just about revenue growth.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, to give you an example that the businesses are little bit different. Do you recall, Robin at Prestige just about every booking includes air. We marketed it as free air, but it’s felt in the price of the product, whereas at Norwegian, given all the deployments of the vessels out of home ports, we now have ships in New York, in Miami, in Tampa, in New Orleans, Houston. People drive to the ships a lot more. And so at Norwegian, the air participation of our guests buying air to take a cruise is below 2%. And so you basically have two different worlds, wherein at Oceania and Regent it’s almost 100% and in Norwegian it’s negligible. My guess is that as we tinker with the Norwegian itineraries and reposition vessels away from the Western Caribbean primarily which is the lowest yielding itineraries in the marketplace and the glut that has been - the glut that we’ve seen over the years is to perhaps higher yielding itineraries. I think the air participation at Norwegian will tend to increase because customers simply cannot drive to the places that we may put the ships.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, regarding the new vessel additions, we’re - the Prestige brands historically have grown organically. As I mentioned earlier, the last new ship that Regent introduced was in 2003 when the Voyager came on line. So 13 years maybe a bit long, even for you Steve. But with the new vessel coming in 2016, we have no plans in the horizon to add another Regent vessel. My sense is that on an ongoing basis, assuming a stable marketplace with no outside major events influencing the overall markets, that a luxury line like Regent could take delivery of a vessel every five years or so. The Oceania brand perhaps can take a new vessel every 36 to 42 months, because these brands have one thing that many other brands don’t have and that is pricing power. Like most luxury goods, whether it’s in cruising or another consumer staples or having limited supply gives you pricing power. And so over the years, the CAGR of net yield growth per diems at, both the Oceania and the Regent brands, have outperformed the contemporary brands for the company. And so we think that kind of dynamic will continue and will add capacity when it makes sense, but it’s not the kind of business model that depends on new capacity to grow the bottom line. The Prestige brands have shown that you can do it without adding new capacity. On the other hand, Norwegian has got quite a bit of capacity already coming on line, four vessels to 2019. Give me a few more weeks and I’ll maybe give you an update, but after the first six weeks that I’m not pressed to announce the new order for delivery in 2020 or ‘21. I will tell you that I do want to start looking at ways to organically grow the Norwegian brand similar to what we did at Prestige if it can be worked out. There are differences between the products, differences between the market segments. But to give you an example, a new vessel generated $100 million of net income. Given the size at Norwegian has now reached, Norwegian, would have to generate net yields above and beyond the norm, but let's assume for a minute that the norm is 3%. So Norwegian would have to generate yields of - yield growth of 6%, 3% more, to generate the same net income that it would have to generate by ordering a new 4,000-plus passenger vessel. So the question will be, can you grow your top line and your bottom line in a manner other than ordering another vessel and levering up the balance sheet and waiting for years for the ship to come along? We’ve proven that we can do it at the Prestige brands, and we will try. We will investigate. We’re going to improve the product. We’re going to improve the delivery of the service onboard to see whether we can generate an extra 3%. When you look at in absolute terms a product like Norwegian, the average per diems are in the neighborhood of $130 a day. So an extra 3%, you’re talking $4. So you ask yourself, can you have a compelling enough product that people are willing to come to you and pay an extra $4 a day, an extra $28 a week, an extra $56 for Mr. and Ms. Who are coming onboard. And I look at myself and I say, I think we can. We’re not asking for the world. But you got to deliver a top notch world-class product and that’s what we aim to do. In terms of what you have said earlier about some of the product and services that are outsourced with third-party. They do a great job. The reason why Oceania and Regent generate the per diems they generate is because the product is worth it. And for the most part, this third-party is the one who delivers the onboard product experience. They’ve been partners for a long time and they’ve got a contract that lasts to 2020 that will be with us till then. But they are great partners and already were begun trying to figure out ways where both parties can leverage these buying power of each, the logistical problems that each one has, and Apollo is very good at logistics with the Prestige fleet scattered throughout the world. They have figured out how to get tomatoes and carrots and chicken and everything else to the ships in a very efficient manner and we think we can piggyback off of that what they do at Norwegian brands. So we think there are ways to negotiate with Apollo. Still keep them onboard on the Prestige brands, but be able to realize some savings on the Norwegian side.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, FX, issues aside and those are - they come and go in cycles. I will tell you that one of the biggest opportunities that I see at the Norwegian brand is to expand their footprint internationally, especially with the four new ships coming. To give you an idea, if the Norwegian brand were to able to source the same percentage of guests internationally outside of North America that the Prestige brands generate, that would produce 210,000 new passengers a year, just about the number you need to fill one of the new Breakaway Plus class ships. Canada alone - if the Norwegian brand can penetrate the Canadian market to the same degree that the Prestige brand has penetrated the Canadian market is 100,000 new passengers a year. So we think there is a lot of opportunity relatively low-hanging fruit, to increase the business at Norwegian internationally. The fellow that I have tapped to head are international operation is one of the co-founders of Oceania. He has been with me since day one. A proven leader, a fellow named Bob Binder. He has been the one responsible for leading the rapid growth of the Prestige brands internationally. He has been growing the business 25%, 30% a year for the last four, five years. And I think he can do the same at Norwegian.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. We don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. We don’t want to promise what we can't deliver. We don’t even want to whisper a different number other than the ones we’ve already told you about. But after five weeks, have I exhausted every single opportunity that maybe out there? No, I haven't. Is there more? Probably. I don’t want to quantify what probably means, but it’s a big company. We spent over $3 billion a year, and so there is room to find more synergies. Likewise, I’m excited about revenue synergies. Lots of opportunities for the brands to learn from one another on revenue, on sourcing customers, on raising prices. And so you’ve already seen a bit of it in the release today. We’ve identified $15 million this year of solid revenue opportunities that combined up for the full-year of 2015 would combine with the cost is the run rate of $50 million. So we’re going to keep digging. The Chief Integration Officer is focused solely on that. He and his team are incentivized to find every nugget of gold that’s out there. And if I know, Harry Sommer, who is heading that up, he is going to do a hell of a job.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, in terms of relations, I don’t think the relations need any improvement or patching up. I think Andy Stuart and his team are well respected, like loved if you will by the agency community. They know him well. Norwegian has always been a very strong supporter of the distribution system. So I think we’re in good step there with agents across all three brands. In terms of opportunities, one of the first things that we’ve done is to take a look to see what travel agents are booking one brands versus the others. And if we see gaps, we’re reaching out to say, look, you’re a big supporter of Norwegian, we love you for that, but you’re not selling much Oceania-Regent, how can we talk to you about that and vice-versa. And so that is a big opportunity. And the biggest opportunity is outside of North America, especially in Canada and in the U.K. and in Australia and in Germany, where we have relationships with the distribution system and those places that one brand may not be taking advantage over another. In terms of cross-selling opportunities, the Prestige brands rely heavily on direct marketing. When you’re selling products whose per diems are sometimes over $1,000, the shotgun approach doesn’t work very well. It had to be very, very targeted. So having direct mail, having the names, addresses, email addresses of known cruises is important. But to give you an example, at Oceania-Regent, each of those brands has a past guest file of some 150,000 households. And out of that, 150,000 households, roughly half the business adjacent had a moment ago comes from the past guests. So if we could find another couple of hundred thousand households of known cruisers that Oceania and Regent can market to, that would more than double their source of who we go market to. And guess what? We found 210,000 households in the Norwegian past guest database that have the psychographic demographic spending habits similar to the Oceania customers and Norwegian customers. So we’re going to be marketing heavily to them. And so we love the opportunity of cross-selling high-end Norwegian customers to Oceania and Regent. But the same token, we’ve got part of America out in Hawaii whose per diems are very similar to approaching the numbers that premium lines are getting and it’s sometimes exceeding the premium line. And we think that, that product in many cases behaves more like an Oceania product than it might the rest of Norwegian fleet. And so we’re going to be introducing some of the techniques in the Norwegian side, how we sell the Oceania brand. This idea that you book early because if not, prices are going to go up and you create a sense of scarcity of which they’ve already naturally is because part of American Hawaii is - it has no competition as you know. So we just think that the board is littered with opportunities to really perhaps more so than in a typical M&A situations to adopt best practices. So if you have a business that’s very similar in many ways but very different in some others.
Frank Del Rio: Well, I was doing pretty confident last year about this time before we had the situation in the Ukraine that had a dampening effect on European business. That situation has not corrected itself, but there is hope that the ceasefire will stick. And so we’re seeing business pick up in the Baltic region and in the Northern Europe region a little bit. But yes, I am optimistic. I think businesses are booking well for Q2, Q3, Q4. And just as importantly in to ’16. It’s never too early to talk about the next year, and I will tell you that all three brands are better booked today for ’16 than they’ve ever been at this time of the year for the following year. And this in spite of the fact that we’ve got more capacity at all three bands with new ship introduction. So I’ve always believed that the cruise industry is a very strong leading economic indicator because of the long lead times, and the Prestige brands in particular, have much longer booking windows than what you see as the more contemporary brands like Norwegian. And so at this point, if I were an economist and a betting man, I would tell you that the outlook for 2016 and beyond is looking good right now. We have time for one more - thank you. We have time for one more question please.
Frank Del Rio: There is always room for gello [ph] and there is always room for one more ship to be built. But I don’t see the shipyards any more aggressive than they usually are. In fact, I will tell you that they are probably a little less aggressive in terms of pricing than they were in 2009, 2010 and the heels of the great recession. So it’s pretty much a normal environment for the newbuilds. There was some issues with what’s going to happen with the Finnish shipyard. It looks like it’s been acquired by Meyer Werft. So that’s good. We have a great relationship with Meyer Werft in Germany, who has been building the Norwegian ships for quite some time. We have a great relationship with Fincantieri who has built the two Oceania ships and is currently building Norwegian ship. So we have flexibility, and we will be able to drive a hard bargain when the time comes, because we do have these relationships with these two leading yards in the world. And of course, interest rates remain low. And for the time being at least the euro is low. So it is a good time to order ships if one was to be disposed to do that.
Frank Del Rio: Okay. Thanks everyone for your time and for your support. And as always, we’ll be available to answer your questions after this call. I will see many of you hopefully next Wednesday in New York for our Investor Conference. Until then, have a great day. Thank you.
Wendy Beck: Hi Robin, it’s Wendy. I’ll take that. So as we had mentioned on those, the Q2 and the Q3 call, we did have some fundamental changes in our cost of sales structure. We worked very hard to really leverage our overall scale by expanding casino partnerships, renegotiating agreements, particularly port agreements, credit card processing fees and then in addition lowering our air subsidies, we’re - this is going to carry on. This is not a one-time benefit that we’ve reset the bar on an ongoing basis. So with that said, when you bring in the Prestige brands, their costs fell significantly higher being in all-inclusive type business or a lot of it’s all inclusive.
Wendy Beck: And I just wanted to tag in there. So we had kind of reset the bar that are commissioned transportation and other line was running ongoing at about 15% cliff. But that again was not from lowering travel agent commissions, it was the other thing that I mentioned. PCH on the other hand is more around the 30% mark. So on a consolidated basis, you should anticipate somewhere in the upper 18% range.
Wendy Beck: So, first off, we don’t actually - I would say that this is really two different story this year. I mean, Q1 is driven largely by the pressures that we have in the Caribbean versus Q2, Q3 and Q4, all shaping up very nicely by all the brands. There is not an area that we’re concerned about. Europe is shaping up, Alaska is shaping up. So we don’t give a detailed color by the different regions, but it’s looking good, and that’s reflected in our guidance of the approximately 3%. Regarding the fuel, Tim. So we’re at $350 for the full-year. Our fuel price per metric ton is approximately $350. And the net of hedges, it is $525. So we’re looking at this $175 per metric ton is also there. And that’s why we really wanted to carve this out. So you guys have clarity and color on the fact that, yes, we entered into the hedges and I probably should explain it, but as Norwegian stand-alone, we started out with a philosophy for hedging a minimum of 50%. But stand-alone, we tended to lean more towards hedging more and being opportunistic to have the certainty and the predictability within our earnings. Now with the addition of the Prestige brands, we will go back to a more classic strategy of probably 50% hedged. We are looking at hedges in the outer years right now. But we have a little bit more room instead of having to lock in that predictability on the financial side. So we also think it’s very important to look at the underlying business and that’s why we wanted to really get clarity here to say, okay, ex the hedges. The true operations is what we wanted to make sure you guys understood.
Wendy Beck: Great. Hi Assia. So as we had actually talked about on our previous earnings calls, we’re rolling over a number of items in Q1. And we knew that it was going to be a tough lap in Q1. So on top of it being a promotional environment in the Caribbean, of course we hope that it would soften or strengthen I should say, it really hasn’t - I mean, Q1 has I think been a tough quarter for all of our competitors and ourselves. But we are rolling over the Sochi charter from last year and that really was a huge premium for the Jade for roughly a month versus the winter mad, which is not strong pricing. The other item is the Bud Light charter. And then last year we had the maximum amount of charters on our for six-man group. We almost had the entire quarter actually chartered out on the parole. And so we’re rolling over that this year. It’s consistent of ’15 to ’14. So long story short, I think this is a one-time anomaly on Q1. I don’t think that Q1 in general is going to be changes. It’s the things we’re rolling over. With Q4, we’re starting to see the - we have a reduction in capacity at the same time that we bring in the Escape, the Epic is going to stay year around in Europe. So again we’re feeling very optimistic and good about Q2, Q3 and Q4 including the Caribbean.
