Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning. I hope that everyone joining us today as well as your loved ones remained healthy and safe. Similar to our last few earnings call, we will focus our commentary today on the progress of our response to the global COVID-19 pandemic. The overall booking and pricing environment, which has shown particular strength in recent weeks and our view of what the month that had may look like as we prepare for an eventual return to service. To say that 2020 what’s challenging would be an incredible understatement. As it was without a doubt, the toughest and most difficult year in our company’s 50 plus year history. After a record breaking 2019, the foundation was well set for 2020 to be even a more successful year. That upward trajectory, however quickly changed last March and 2020 instead became a year of great hardship and disappointment and one in which we had to rely on our nimbleness and our ability to adapt by taking swift proactive and decisive actions to overcome the multifaceted challenges presented by the pandemic.
Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks today, I’d like to provide an update on our global sustainability program, Sail and Sustain, which is on Slide 12. Despite the current public health challenges we face, our commitment to protect and preserve our oceans, the environment and the destinations we visit, while enhancing our culture of diversity, equity and inclusion of workforce remains at the very core of our everyday operations. So that in 2020, we launched unconscious bias, microaggression and diversity and inclusion training for our global workforce and have committed to expand our diverse hiring practices. We are also building upon our supplier diversity program, as part of our efforts to facilitate and encourage the growth of small and diverse businesses. We strive to maintain a supportive and empowering workforce – workplace for our team members across the globe. We believe our team members are by far our most important resource, and that has never been clear to me and during this crisis. We are pleased at this commitment to our team’s development and wellbeing was recognized recently with our naming to the Forbes America’s Best Employers list, in which we ranked among the top 75 companies in the overall large employer category and among the 10 top companies in the travel and leisure sector. Just as we support our team members, we are also committed to supporting our local communities and the destination we visit. This past year, we launched two initiatives in partnership with trust goods. Giving Tuesday, we matched every case of Just Water purchased in December through their online store with water donation to local food banks in Miami and New York City. Separately, we provided nearly $275,000 of in kind donations in the form of Just Water and non-perishable and canned goods to support two community organizations and assist ongoing relief efforts in the Archipelago of San Andrés in Colombia, after the devastating impact of Category 5 Hurricane Iota. Furthering our partnership with JUST Goods, we are also currently in the process of organizing several truckloads of Just water Donations to benefit food banks located in areas around the Southwest of the United States that have been severely affected by the recent winter storms. Dedication to family and community is ingrained in our culture and to further demonstrate this commitment beginning this year, we are offering our U.S. shoreside team members, a paid volunteer day to give back to community programs of your choice. On the environmental front, we are proud to have improved our score in our second CDP climate change submission to late B, which is higher than the marine transport sector, North America and global average. For 2021, we will be focused on enhancing our ESG disclosures to provide additional transparency. I look forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey. Turning to Slide 13, I’d like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, we are focused on the execution of our roadmap to relaunch as quickly as possible. And we’ll continue to work with our expert advisors, global public health authorities and government agencies to refine our science back plans or a swift, safe and healthy return to cruising. Second, strong future demand for cruising across all brands, source markets and deployments continue. And early indications for 2022 bookings are extremely positive with load factors, besting our previous high by a substantial margin. Lastly, we continue to keep our longer term strategic and financial priorities in focus, and we will be ready to execute on our recovery plans to improve our balance sheet. Strong future demand we are experiencing coupled with the positive momentum in the public health front, both extremely well for our prospects. And with that, Josh, please let’s open the call for questions. Thank you.
Frank Del Rio: It’s difficult to predict, what the outcome will be. We’re encouraged that the situation with Alaska and in the Canadian closure until spring of 2022 has been noted by various government officials. And they’re trying to do their best. As you know, tourism is the third largest industry in Alaska. And for certain Alaskan coastal communities, cruising is over 90% of their tourism business. And so if we can operate in Alaska in 2021, that’ll be two years that they will go without this infusion of business activity and that’s going to be difficult for them. And so we’re hopeful, cautiously optimistic, it’s a lot of hoops to jump through both from the Canadian side and also let’s face it the – we cannot operate as of today in U.S. waters and Alaska water. So we have suspended taking new bookings on Alaska. I think the whole industry has. But we do hope – we do hold out some hope that these initiatives led by the Alaskan delegation can open up Alaska for 2021.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. I think there – let’s clarify a couple of things. The CDC guidance that we as an industry are expecting sometime in the future and I won’t label it as a few days, because I simply don’t know. It could be a few days – could be a few weeks, we simply don’t know. That doesn’t – that is the next phase of this multi-phase of approach that the CDC has taking. I don’t believe that we are awaiting in the next few days, the green light to cruise, that would not be correct. But in terms of our decision to pull back, look, when the CDC conditional Sail Order first came out, there was great expectation. We had a conditional Sail Order. And it proved to be more difficult than we first expected. We also were in the middle of a spike in the number of cases. And so it became obvious to us that the initial expectation that maybe the industry could begin to cruise in the first quarter, which is heavily focused on Caribbean theater of operations, was not going to take place. And so we took the difficult decision to reduce our cash burn repatriate those crew members back home and cut down on the marketing expenses that we have begun to ramp up to along with the ships that we thought we could operate. And so today, I would tell you that we are in a better place, a more encouraging place. And we were even just six weeks ago, at the end of the day, I think the prevalence of the disease in our own country and around the world will be the greatest indicator of one we can resume cruising. And the prevalence is dropping. And we believe based on all the experts that we talked to, including the Healthy Sail Panel that we’re going to see a continuation of the significant drop in cases as we enter spring summer, as we continue to vaccinate over 1.5 million Americans a day, as more people get infected and recover. So all those things point into a direction where the prevalence should drop considerably giving us a better opportunity to restart operations.
Frank Del Rio: We think that, it can be short and I know that there is a 60 day sort of waiting period, the conversations we’ve been having with them, it’s not a hard 60 days. I think it could be less. But how much less? I don’t know, we’ve not received that kind of specificity on these guidelines, but we generally believe that from the moment that we get the green light, depending on where the ships are that you want to stand up, depending on the seasonality, summer is a – where are the ships in summer, generally, they’re in Europe, they’re in Alaska. Where are they in the fall winter? They’re primarily in the Caribbean, Mexico, Panama Canal, around the world. But I think, for planning purposes, we’d like to give ourselves that 90-day window more or less. And so we’ve canceled cruises through the end of May. So if you count with your fingers, we basically March 1, so all of March, all of April, all of May. And it’s sequential. We keep bookings and cruising – cruises available as long as we believe, there is a chance that we can operate. Once we know, we start entering that 90-day or so window. And we always to everyone in the ecosystem, whether it’s travel agents, consumers, our own employees to crew to cancel cruises in the future. So we’re always hopeful that the public health situation improves and that we can restart as soon as we possibly can.
Frank Del Rio: It does make sense, Steve. Look, early in the pandemic, people were writing off the mature market. And it’s been anything about that. So as you know, the upscale brands tend to book further out than the contemporary brand, partly because of the itineraries, the longer more exotic itineraries, everything else being equal, people book further out. And so we’re continuing to see that. I mean, both Oceania and Regent are nearly 40% booked for 2022. That’s much better than they’ve ever been at this stage of the booking cycle. And so these are folks who are typically over the age of 65, the average age at Oceania and Regent is consistently in the 66, 67 age range. And these are the folks who are getting the vaccine first and they’ve been cooped up and they want to go out. I mean, they’re no different than 40-year olds or 30-year olds. They’ve got the money and they’re booking further and further out. As we said in our prepared remarks, the booking curve is now double, what normally is. And that’s because of two reasons. One, there are literally no bookings being made for the next three or four months sailing, because they’ve been canceled. And people are booking further and further out. People know that this pandemic will end someday. And that someday is tomorrow, but further up. So we have more visibility today in our future business than we’ve ever had. And so that’s one of the things that encourages me the most. I mean, I have a lot of things to worry about these days, Steve. Fundamental consumer demand and our ability to fill our ships at strong pricing is not one of them. And to be able to do what we’re doing in terms of the load factors and new bookings, new cash bookings with the de minimis amount of marketing that we’re doing with the travel agency system being less than 100% is truly remarkable. And again, points to what we’ve been saying for years, the resiliency of the consumer, the resiliency of those who love to cruise. It’s a great value that hasn’t changed. And people are eager to get back to the high seas. There’s no question about that.
Frank Del Rio: Hi, Robin. Yes. Look, we don’t compete on safety and health issues. And the industry has been very, very cooperative with one another. We do share our findings, we find that those companies brands that are operating, whether it’s in Asia or in Europe are very much forthcoming, much like, Royal and us to develop the Healthy Sail Panel, that 74 protocols we made them available to the entire industry, the entire industry has adopted them. So it’s a very good and healthy dynamic.
Frank Del Rio: No, we – you pointed out, we do have the youngest fleet. Every one of our ships produce positive margins, positive EBITDA, a good ROI on their book value. So we have no interest. Only – being the smallest of the big three is an advantage I believe during this time. We only have to worry about 28 vessels and not some greater number. And also we’re very eager to start taking delivery of the vessels that we have on order which will begin in third quarter of 2022. We’ve been fortunate that during this pandemic, we didn’t have to take any new deliveries. But by the same token, we have zero interest in selling any of our assets.
Frank Del Rio: We don’t know when that start date is. As I said earlier, the – directionally, we’re heading in the right direction. The prevalence is decreasing. The vaccines are ramping up. We’re all confident of the protocols, enhanced by the vaccinations. What we have said in the past is that we think that from whatever date that – it is that we start, it will likely take six to seven months, assuming that the ports are opened around the world, remember our ships are seasonal. One of the requirements is that the ports be open to travel restrictions be lifted, so assuming that those hurdles are cleared. Physically, we think it’ll take six, seven months, so roughly a ship a week. And so for us to be a 100% operative, we would have to start standing up vessels in the June, July timeframe of this year. So that we can be 100% by year end early 2022.
Frank Del Rio: I’ll tell you that since I forgot the exact date, but since the fall, at least when we do cancel a set of sailings, like we recently did for the month of May of 22. Everyone gets a cash refund. We’re no longer offering the option of an FCC or cash. We have the liquidity FCCs are dilutive to future business. We don’t want to negatively impact future business any more than the dilutive effect of the existing FCCs. So today, there is no choice. You’ve got your money back. And in terms of the percentage of FCCs that have been redeemed. It varies by brand, but at deconsolidated age level, roughly 40% of all FCCs that we have issued over time have not been redeemed. So there still remains 60% of the FCCs issued in that bucket of folks, who’ve got an ability to rebook. And look, we – somehow, in some quarters of the investment world, perhaps, FCC bookings are seen as not as good as a cash booking. I think they’re both important. Customers who took an FCC showed a great deal of confidence and support in our business and we want to make sure that they get their crews. And so if we have to extend the booking date or if we have to extend the sailing date, as the suspensions continue, we will do so. We actively encourage people to redeem their FCC. We want them to take a cruise and we also want to be able to clear the deck, so to speak, as soon as possible. So that when we do resume cruising, we can get back to what we do best, which is selling cruises at the highest yields in the industry, both on ticket and onboard revenue so that we can resume our positive momentum that we had at the end of 2019.
Frank Del Rio: Well, the CDC is a best of my knowledge has yet to give the industry target occupancy. For our own internal working purposes, we assume that at the beginning that maximum occupancy will be in the 50% range. So think about this, today our entire fleet is available for the book, let’s say, in the third quarter, in July moving forward. Every single ship in the fleet has passengers, there’s bookings on them. We’re going to start, we’re not going to be able to start all 28 vessels. As I said, it’s going to be a little bit, maybe a week, one a week, something like that, which means that there’s going to be a lot of customers who are booked today, who will be displaced. And part of that displacement will be in cancellations, people will get their refunds. But part of it is that people will move from the Norwegian Jewel in Alaska to the Norwegian Bliss in Alaska, or they’ll move from the Oceania Riviera in Europe to the Oceania Marina in Europe. And so we believe that there are enough bookings today, if we never took another booking, let’s say for Q3, assuming a reduced capacity at the start, we don’t have to take any more bookings for Q3. And as you move forward from the start date, you have more ships coming online, less ships that are going to be – those customers going to be displaced. And so there’ll be a rebalancing, if you will at some point, where we do need to start taking more bookings, but my guess is that that’ll be beginning month three, four forward. And that’s what we were doing. And the restart that Mark and I discussed earlier in our remarks, when we thought we were going to starting in Q1. Because there’s always a book of business there, waiting, hoping to cruise that when we do know we’re going to start that won’t be the entire fleet. And therefore we have excess bookings, if you will at the beginning. So again, of all the things we worry about filling vessels, generating demand just isn’t one of them. But we have – we don’t have a short-term issue as we just described. And as you heard me say earlier, 2022, more of a longer term business is better than ever.
Frank Del Rio: And I think we’ve mentioned this in the past that, we’re making some pretty significant learnings in our marketing area. We continue to transform toward the digital world, you get more bang for the dollar there. We’re garnering significant amount of booking activity with vis-à-vis a less marketing spend. So we’re taking those learnings. And every day that we’re in pause, we’re going to continue to look at every nook and cranny and ask ourselves, are we doing this correctly? So I think there’s opportunity for cost enhancement, and then further, as you look further down the future, and you think about that, how does that translate to margin expansion? It’s going to be a combination of reduced costs. We have more efficient capacity coming online with our nine ship new build program. And that’s going to help drive margin expansion. In addition to, again, driving the top line, driving increased pricing that we’ve always been the industry leader in pricing. And as we think about that, if you look at the industry capacity has been reduced. So we think that’s going to provide even more of an opportunity to help rebuild margins and drive that margin expansion.
Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Ivan. And thanks for the question. Look, the industry has been shut down at least one year that means 30 million that would have crews in that year having crews. And this is a finite capacity business. I can’t cruise with 150% occupancy. So there’s going to be a squeeze play here. That demand is going to exceed supply, especially, after the withdrawal of some 20 plus ships from the so-called North American fleet. So you got less supply, you’ve got pent up demand. You’ve got people with money in their pocket. I think this is just the making of a boom time for the cruise industry. And since we can’t expand, supply any faster than it’s coming online, pricing is what’s going to dictate the day. And we’re seeing it. I mean, it’s astonishing to me in the 25-plus years, I’ve been in this business. That given the – the fact that, travel agents are not at full strength, we’re spending a fraction of what we normally spend, the bad new cycle of lockdowns and pandemics and travel restrictions and quarantine that business is as robust as it is, not only in volume, but we’re able to tick up prices. So when we say that we just do a couple of connect the dots here, 40% of FCC have been redeemed. Those FCC had a 25% premium on them. That we are at a flat to slightly ahead of pricing of the all time high pricing, including the diluted effect of those 125% FCC and that we are so well booked into the future. I mean, I’ve never seen such a positive set of circumstance. We just need to get back to work. We need to get cruising, operating again. And we’re hopeful look, as much as it bothers me to see other sectors of the travel community open, I’m happy for them. Trust me, I’m happy for the casino operators and the airlines and the hotel operators and the resorts. I want to be happy for us as well. And I think our day should be approaching, should be approaching. I’ve been given the advances we’re making in the vaccine front, prevalence is coming down. The industry, the protocols we put in place, no other sector of the travel business or any other business has put forth as many comprehensive protocols to combat spread of the virus as we have. And we’re eager to get back work, and we’re happy to see it starting in Asia, starting in Europe. We’re going to see, I think more vessels starting in Europe soon. And so we’re encouraged by all those developments, but at the end of the day, we’ve got to get back to work soon and we’re ready. We’re all ready. Thank you.
Frank Del Rio: Look, I agree. I think we all knew that vaccinations were ultimately going to be the deciding factor. And the quicker we vaccinate where we get to the point of herd immunity, which by most accounts, that timeframe is in the July, August time. So sometime in summer, the experts believe that by the end of April, anyone who wants a vaccine, at least in the United States, even in Europe, Canada can – will have access to one that all bodes well. But look, one step at a time. We just have to start – we have to start, we have to build momentum, we have to demonstrate to government agencies, society as a whole, our guests, our crew into ourselves that we can de facto operate safely in a low prevalence environment, where crew and guests are vaccinated. And then this will pivot from being a pandemic to being an endemic. And that’s what we have today with the flute. This will be you listen to the experts. That’s what they say that this pandemic will pivot to being a seasonal event. And it won’t be the scary thing that it is today.
Frank Del Rio: And thank you everyone. We truly appreciate your calling today, your questions, your continued support for our great industry and our great company. And I look forward to speaking to you coming May. Thank you.
Mark Kempa: And Vince, just to add on that, I think you had said, mentioned that it was a big book of business. You’re absolutely right. So as we think about that going forward, that gives us opportunities where we can really get more efficient and reduce some of our operating expenses, because our – simply speaking our acquisition costs, we’ll come down over time with that business. So as Frank said, the FCCs are a good booking, just like any other booking. And it’s a positive sign and having such a significant amount on our books.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Jaime, it’s Mark. Yes, I’ll take that. So when we really reduced our cash burn in the third – and you look at the second quarter, third quarter, we were down to levels of 150, 160. It’s slightly elevated in the fourth quarter, primarily due to some – additional cash interest and some of our startup activities, which we noted. Some of that is lingering into Q1 as well with the startup activities. And then beyond that, in this environment today, our expectation would be that, we’re going to get back down to those levels we had seen in the earlier part of the year, absent the clear visibility and clear indication that we can start back up. So again, we started this exercise in the fourth quarter. We were hopeful with the conditional Sail Order that we were going to be able to operate early in 2021, obviously, that proved to be a false hope. But it’s really going to be dependent upon when we get that green light and when we get that visibility. But again, if you look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter as we’ve outlined, I think I said on my prepared remarks today, roughly of $15 million a month was related to some of those restart costs. That’s probably the levels you would start to see once we in earnest restart back, whether it’s a second quarter, third quarter, but again, based on when we get that clear path of resumption.
Mark Kempa: I will tell you that the sweet spot is for folks 55 plus, historically, that is the cohort that the greatest percentage of our guests across all three brands comes from. And we have seen a slight increase in the proportion of total bookings coming from that cohort. And as I said earlier, that is partly because those are the cohorts that have been vaccinated more so than younger ones. These folks are retired, semi-retired, the stock market has been doing well, investments have been doing well. They’ve got cash. And these are people who tend to travel more and they haven’t been able to. So the pent up demand for them for this cohort, I think is greater than younger cohorts.
Mark Kempa: Yes. I think, first Steve, on the dry docks, look, ships have to dry dock, they have to stay within the classification society rules. And what I can tell you is, while we have pulled back on our capital expenditures and some of that is related to investments that – enhancements that we would have made during dry docks, we are not stopping dry docks. Dry docks have to occur by class. And there are certain investments that we’ve continued to make. A good example of that is, some of the scrubbers on the breakaway and getaway. That was – they were scheduled to be completed in early 2023 and because the ships are out of service and going through their normal, dry dock periods, we’re able to install those sooner. And get the benefit once we restart operating. But I think when you look at the ships going forward, and you look at the cost structure on the ships. By and large, we’ve always said this, the cost structure on a ship is generally a highly fixed cost structure. That said there’s always going to be pockets of opportunity and I think, as we think about our costs going forward, we’re looking at shoreside. This pause has really given us a chance to reevaluate every cost, everything we do from our supply chain to everything we do on our shoreside operations.
