Frank J. Del Rio: Good morning, Harry. Thank you. The capacity growth next year for the industry at large is in the neighborhood of 6.5%. As I mentioned earlier, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings increase of supply is a little less than 4%, as we lap about five months of Bliss and only have about a month of the Norwegian Encore. So it's relatively subdued by our history and several points below the industry. Where we're seeing – where we're going to be deploying our additional capacity is thankfully where we're seeing the most strength – and that is in Europe and in Alaska with the Joy being repositioned there starting in late April. So we think we're putting our best hardware where it's generating the highest yield. For the industry, I believe Alaska is the region of the world that will see the highest capacity growth year-over-year. So we don't – again, as you've heard me say before, this is a long-term business. You order ships way ahead in advance. We're very, very happy with the tenor of our supply growth. I, quite frankly, wish I had more ships coming sooner. Our load factors are at an all-time high. Our pricing is at an all-time high. I can make the argument that I'm capacity constrained. So I'm glad to see Bliss performing as well as she's performing. I'm anxious to get our hands on Encore. So that's all very positive. And in terms of your other question, in terms of how far out do you get in terms of bookings and pricing, you never really know what the optimal yield curve is. There's – what I always say is – if I can continue to extend the curve or maintain the curve at higher prices, I think it's pushing in the right direction and that's exactly what we're seeing.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. If you go to our balance sheet and you'll see that year-over-year our advance ticket sales liability on the balance sheet is up 26% on a 9% increase in capacity. So we can talk all we want of how good things are, but that is a black and white auditable number, that has to pass those scrutiny of the auditors if you will, that sits in the balance sheet, which I think is proof positive that the future of business is very strong, stronger than ever – hard to grow that advance ticket sales up 26% if it wasn't.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, I'm not going to give you the delta between where we were three months ago, where we are today. I will tell you that compared on a year-over-year basis, we are better booked today at higher prices than we were 90 days ago. So that positive trend that I mentioned in my opening comments is manifesting itself in the number of bookings we're taking and at higher prices.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, I mean we're putting Joy in Alaska because Alaska on the heels of Bliss's extraordinary introduction is the place you want to put more capacity and Bliss and Joy are near identical vessels. So we think the market will really enjoy seeing additional capacity there. And the fundamental driver of that $0.30 is higher yields; primarily higher onboard yields compared to where that vessel is operating today.
Frank J. Del Rio: We are a for-profit organization. So at the end of the day it has to do with the profit contributions of that vessel. And you hit the nail on the head, Steve. With only 26 vessels, we aim for quality, if you will, versus quantity. We don't need unit growth. We're always looking for higher and higher profitability. And the delta between the performance of what that vessel was generating in China and what we expected to generate in Alaska and in Mexico, Panama Canal cruises in the wintertime, was significant. And so, we do believe that China still holds significant potential and we will participate in that potential with a vessel that doesn't have the same opportunity cost gap that Joy has.
Frank J. Del Rio: Good morning, Jared. 2019 is going to be a challenging year to achieve that double-digit. We firmly believe that over the three-year period the CAGR will exceed the double-digits but whether we will be able to generate double-digit in year 2019, that's going to be a yeoman's effort. We're going to do everything we can to do that. We certainly acknowledge the optics behind that. But, you know that, it's challenging to do so purely organically, especially, given the fantastic year that we're going to be printing in 2018. So we're going to give it everything we've got. 2019 is starting out very strong. It gives us encouragement that we have a shot at it, but it's going to be more difficult than in any other year that certainly I've been here.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. No, we haven't. No, we haven't. The only thing that we will have to see how things turn out is whether we decide to return capital via continued share buyback or dividends and a lot of that will have to depend on the prices of stock, which, certainly, by the time we get to the point of deciding that, the stock should be back to more rational levels than it is today. It's ridiculous that a company with our growth history of circa 20% year after year after year, with the visibility that we have in this business, that our stock trades sub-10 times next year's estimate. So we certainly hope that the rationalization comes back into the market and that the stock price will reflect our performance because today there's a grotesque disconnect.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. And in some cases, they simply don't fit. These are smaller vessels, the stack on the vessels is just too small given today's technology and the way scrubbers are built and installed, they simply don't fit. And in some cases, the ROIs don't make sense either because of deployment or because of the size or the age of the vessel. So we look at this very, very closely and we still believe that there are other options. We've heard analyses that there may be blends of certain fuels that will be available, that will reduce the cost of the less sulfur fuel. So it's still early, but I assure you that we've done everything we can to minimize the impact of the new IMO regulation and that that impact is fully reflected in our forward guidance.
Frank J. Del Rio: And in terms of the Leonardo order, there's a couple of factors at work. Number one that there is strong competition between the cruise companies or the very limited construction slots at the shipyards. That's why the order book is as long as it is. And second, we were able to lock in, as you suggested, favorable pricing. As you know in this business, you typically order a series of vessels and that averages out the high cost of the engineering. We're very excited about the Leonardo Class. We think that it's just perfect for what we're trying to accomplish at the Norwegian brand: a product, a brand that is priced on the very high end of the contemporary space. And this vessel, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, is going to have all the bells and whistles that customers are just in love with on Bliss and a few others that we will announce at the right time. So being able to secure the actual slot and being able to have a known quantity of supply growth coming at secured known prices was the primary motivator. I think we might have lost Robin again.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, we don't really look at the Joy changes or the other itinerary changes as a way to negate fuel prices. We look at ways to maximize our profitability, maximize revenue. Fuel is a necessary evil and we do everything we can to minimize it, both in our very aggressive hedging program and all the investments we've made over the years to install technologies. They are really paying off. And so, I guess, you can look at it that way that one negates the other, but quite frankly when we are looking at how to manage our business, that's not the motivation for doing what we did. And I'll let Mark discuss your question regarding organic net yield.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, second quarter was great, much better than we anticipated. It's really a number of things. So the Bliss really outperformed our high expectations which we're very pleased of. But we also saw very strong onboard revenue in the rest of our fleet, which is a great indicator for the health of the business. And then with our remaining inventory that we had, we had very strong pricing on our close-in demand, so it was really coming from all fronts, not one particular area.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I think, again, what we're seeing today versus our booked position where we were last year as Andy had mentioned, we are still comparing pre-hurricane last year. So as we cross over into that in the next few weeks, we should definitely see a further spread in our booked position this year versus same time last year, so we're definitely expecting to see that improvement.
Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Greg. And thank you everyone for your time this morning and your continued support. As always we will be available this afternoon to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah, great question. So, yes, the $0.10, it is split evenly between revenue and cost both in the third and fourth quarter. In the third quarter though, you do have a bit more revenue impact and conversely in the fourth quarter there's a little less and the impact is more expenses around the marketing initiatives. So then going back to our full year guidance what we've said is if we raised our full year guidance 75 basis points or if we excluded the impact of that, we would have raised our yields 100 basis points. So we're seeing significant strength. We saw it in Q2 back half is building well and we have great expectations for it.
Mark A. Kempa: Hi Steve, it's Mark. Yeah, so, on a net basis it's roughly $0.30. If we looked at it as just moving the Norwegian Joy into the North American market, that's obviously a higher number than $0.30. But then you do have a domino effect of taking out certain ships and redeploying them into other markets. So you do have some puts and takes. There is a bit more marketing expense that we have to incur. And then there's a little bit of incremental depreciation. So all in all, we think the $0.30 is a good number, but you have to keep in mind that there is some domino effect as you redeploy the other ships in the optimization.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah. So I'll take the 2020 curve question first. Yeah, our estimates do look at the curves and we do take into account the potential drop in HFO pricing. On the flip side, we are also accounting for what we expect is going to be an increased pricing on MGO. So that is all taken into account in our estimates and we watch that carefully every quarter. In terms of installing scrubbers on our fleet, it really comes down to – it's a couple of issues. So some of the ships, if we take our smaller fleet in the Oceania and Regent vessels, it becomes a question of real estate versus the cost to burn the cleaner fuel. And with the size of those ships, we just didn't feel like it was a wise investment to take away from the public space areas and potentially cabin revenue generating areas.
Mark A. Kempa: The vast majority will have them. There are a couple of ships, the older vessels, the Sky and the Spirit most likely will not. And that was accounted for in our estimates when we gave the 60:40 percentage split on Investor Day.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah. So on the – I'll start with it Joy. So it's a $0.10 impact this year, which is evenly split between revenue and costs. The costs are really just related to incremental marketing expenses as we have to market the new itineraries. And there is a bit of revenue dilution as we – when we made the announcement we did have a bit of market disruption from some of our operators – so we thought it prudent to lower our estimates, but we believe that's a short term blip in the radar. And then in terms of our remaining cost increase, we did increase our costs by about 50 basis points. And that's primarily due to overperformance on our financial results, so we've increased our accruals for management incentive compensation.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah, on the organic net yield, so as I said in my prepared remarks, we are estimating roughly 3.5% for the year which includes the 25 basis points for Joy. So excluding that, we're in the 3.75%, and that's both excluding Joy and Bliss just for clarification. So we're very happy with that.
Mark A. Kempa: Yeah, so number one as we've been saying, now that we've been selling our product on a bundled basis, GAAP requires us to allocate the revenue in ways that don't necessarily reflect the true performance when you look at the numbers on the financial statement. So I think our on-board revenue is showing us up 0.5% for the quarter, but if you stripped out the GAAP allocation and you stripped out the Joy that number would be closer to the 3% zone.
Mark A. Kempa: Certainly because I think that's where – that's part of the big opportunity. That's where we see the gap today with the Joy versus being in the North American market. So we definitely expect improvement on that front.
