Kevin Sheehan: Thanks Wendy. With both Norwegian Breakaway and Getaway in the fleet together for the first time it is worth noting that this quarter’s capacity increase marks the largest single quarter capacity increase in our current new build program. It is quite a task to absorb a 23% increase in capacity in the single quarter, but our results demonstrate that this mission was successfully accomplished. Looking ahead to later years, we have announced our itineraries for the winter season of 2015 and 2016. One of the highlights of the season is Norwegian Epic’s move to the – from seasonal to year round sailings in Europe from Barcelona. This move demonstrates our commitment to enhancing our presence in Europe allowing us to reap more of the benefits of this market by deploying one of the world’s largest and most innovative premium ships to the region year round. In addition, this year round deployment removes almost a month of low yielding Transatlantic voyages per year further enhancing overall yields. Another benefit of Norwegian Epic’s move to Europe is that it allows for Norwegian Escape to enter the Miami market in November of 2015 with minimal incremental capacity in the Caribbean. The addition of Norwegian Escape to the fleet provides the opportunity grow our global footprint. This expansion includes a return of seasonal voyages in South America along with the addition of Port Canaveral as the new seasonal homeport. We have a lot to look forward to at Norwegian in the coming years as this exciting new deployment not only adds fuel to the growth that will come from the addition of the state-of-the-art Breakaway plus class of our fleet. Before going into Q&A, I’d like to discuss the recent approvals from our board, which authorizes a three-year $500 million share repurchase program. This program allows us to be opportunistic to repurchase shares at attractive levels and return value to our shareholders. With that, we’d like to open the call up for questions.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. So, as you know Steve, we have been talking about the cash flow of the business. And I think what I had been saying in the past was that as we looked into the second half of the year, our cash flow was at the point where our shareholders will be saying hey, what are doing with the cash, one would expect you wouldn’t want us payback 2% debt as an example. So, the stock price and where it is today accelerated that process. So, we feel that the stock is not reflective of the potential of our business and the earnings that we have achieved. So, you can expect – we’ll step into this and in this quarter and then continue along and who knows what happens as we get into the next couple of years as our cash flow really starts to accelerate. And as far as your second question, I can’t tell you, I really feel like we have stood out significantly from the industry. And we compete with two great competitors have – who have a lot of brands, but if you take a look at the pricing in the first quarter, we are probably from a pricing standpoint 800 or 900 basis points different than the other player. So, I am sure why you don’t think that’s stepping out. The industry has been impacted with a variety of things as you understand the market, but in that given environment we are producing some significant positive pricing in an environment, where the – as I said the other players have not. If you look at the ticket pricing in the first quarter, I think we do stand out quite a bit.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. I think that – when you take the ticket in the onboard and you look at the fact that we did – we did give a little bit on the load this quarter, because we are driving for prices everyone knows and we will be relentless on that, but at the end of the day we had to be cognizant of filling the ships to drive the onboard revenue as well. So, I do think when you look at our performance, it’s – we have stepped up significantly over the last number of years from where we were a distant third to being best-in-class.
Kevin Sheehan: Okay. Yes, as far as Asia that’s been on our radar. It will continue to be I would suspect that over the next year or so you will see some action from us as far as moving our footprint as we want to be a global player. But right now that the realty is with 13 ships, we are able and one being in Hawaii and one being in the three port a day itinerary, we have plenty of opportunities in the markets we know with certainty that we can perform. And as we get there, we will look to those other markets in Asia. It’s an important piece of the future strategy and we are eyes wide open on that. As far as the guessing ownership, there is really no news on that, the – what they have done is just clear the requirement with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and they didn’t want to go back and do with the second time etcetera, etcetera. So this way they have gone what they need to do and we’ll see what happens. But they are just informally the Kevin view of things they do understand the business model they see the earnings growth that’s coming, no different in the private equity guys who are just again from the Kevin view of things are seeing at the stock price is now where they would like it to be and our – I suspect taking wait and see attitude on selling their shares.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, it’s a good question because we had the year-end call, the wave season started out not as stellar as we – we’re hoping for as an industry I suspect that’s what we refer from the other players as well. But as we got into it and we did get to that mid February point we’re seeing the bookings trends and some of it is the promotional stuff that is still going on, but the sense that the booking levels have started to take hold and now we’re beginning to feel that things could start to improve. We’ve had significant positive bookings every week for the last 10 weeks I would say and which is put us into a very good book position and when you’re in that position you then have better control of your pricing so, it’s a little early to be saying with certainty but showing to feel little better about the landscape and I do think when we are all back to filling our ships consistently that brings that the whole revenue management back into play enables us to really start to move things again. So I think we just as a little bit of a soft spot in because of the Caribbean and remember the Caribbean, a couple of years ago was we look at is a great market and the whole industry did. It’s the (indiscernible) theory, right we all sat in our rooms and we did our itinerary planning on our own of course and then it all – we all concluded that it make sense to go into the Caribbean and low and behold we announced pretty much the same time and it’s like you show your hand and then everybody is in the Caribbean and the capacity being up 20%. It’s no different than what we went through I think in Alaska last year will be to another ship in there. We had a little bit of a growing team in Alaska and now the ship that the new ship in the itinerary is booking the best of our three. So, I’m confident that what we gone through as an industry in 2014 becomes hopefully the opportunity to be realized for 2015.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I think we’re filling quite confident that Europe has gotten back to being in the right trend for the foreseeable future. I suspect based on what we have been hearing as well as what we are seeing in our company, we are doing very well from a yield standpoint in Europe. But remember that was off of the very low comps. So, the proof will be in the putting as we get into next year to continue the – I think you’re going to see a couple more years of nice growth as the market continues to improve and Americans continue to get back to Europe and the once in a lifetime type vacation experiences. So, we’re feeling pretty confident about Europe and we think our timing was bringing the epic back as the full year shift over there and winning the well travel holdings of we’re the best ship in the industry – best ship in Europe, excuse me, we feel pretty confident with that.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, so I would say the early part of the wave season and what we went through in the early part of this so, we did have good bookings to get back on the right booking curve which we’ve gone through. I think is an industry so as I said now where I feel like we are in a better position as an industry to start to navigate some real pricing as we move forward. But having said that as you know the bookings for the second, third and fourth quarter are substantially for the second quarter a little bit less for the third quarter, four quarter, I think it’s still an opportunity but it’s too early to tell I think when we got on to the second quarter, I would look to have some positive news we’re working like mad to drive our pricing as you know was the biggest focus on this company and we understand completely that the top-line is critical to get a multiple that we preserve and I think given what we’ve been able to accomplish in the spectrum of what you’ve seen in the industry I think we’ve done that and I think it becomes clear as the market moves forward and this is such an underpriced industry and such an underpriced occasion experience as consumers get back to it and you feel like it was a whole range of things and it was an unusual winter that delayed people calling to make their bookings. So that is now starting to feel like it’s with the bunch of weeks of very solid booking activity. I think we have a short actually start to move in the right direction.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I think we are pretty solid with our on-board as we move through the rest of the year, I mean, there is so much stuff it’s going on it’s the positive, I just hope everybody understands we have – if you remember on the fourth quarter call, I eluded to that we are seeing it’s very encouraging sign of the fuel efficiency of the Getaway. Do you know when we go through the quarter now we’re 10 weeks into it. We are projecting a $5 plus million improvement in our fuel based on now that we’re in the itinerary, we’re running it, we see the fuel utilization when these comment on a 6.8% improvement in fuel costs consumption per capacity day that’s incredible, I hope everybody understands how powerful that is and the on-board experience as you know these ships are build the profit and is now as I said getting the right customers back on the ships and we’re on that booking curve that enable us to start to get back with the right people on the ships that will drive that on-board experience. So we’re pretty confident with what we’re going we think the O’Sheehan’s concept and all of that we have in ship will just keep people out and spending money we also think it has a side benefits of getting people more variety in the complimentary dining venues. So, we really do feel like the company is on a role now and we’re excited about every day is coming.
Kevin Sheehan: No, I think the reality is and you saw it with one of our competitors of having I think had the right intention of trying to hold price. But at the end of the day remember we have to be cognizant of the fact that we have 30% of our revenue coming on board. So there is only so much you can do and within 100 basis points or whatever the range is you want to navigate as best you can, but I don’t think we would ever be reckless in holding price and have a lot of empty cabins because that has a double edge sword there.
Kevin Sheehan: No, I think what happens is the Epic is being redeployed and we moved the ship to South America. So when you look at our capacity in the Caribbean it’s almost flat when we moved into ’15 and ’16. So it’s not a big spike, it’s really just putting the right assets in there, so we now have a year round Eastern Caribbean and a year round Western Caribbean ship. And remember the Pearl that’s been down there is almost completely chartered for the fringe period. The Epic will see Europe I just said that there is another ship moves to South America.
Kevin Sheehan: I can’t really get into too much based on them with the lockups as you know that that’s kind of like in the private equity world of what they do. But I can tell you by the (indiscernible) in our Board meeting this morning that these guys are not looking to be running for the doors. They are not happy with the stock price. They are comfortable sitting and waiting. But I don’t think that they would be entertaining changing what they have done as the game plan from their standpoint over the years. But I would certainly can suggest that yes, you are right it’s a good point on the liquidity. I think the only opportunity there is when the stock is weak that opportunistically we could be in the marketplace. And then as we move down to the future we could have a marriage of some blocks with the private equity guys when they are selling (indiscernible). So we are going to do what these shareholders would want us to do and we will be smart about it. But I don’t want to really give away anything too detailed.
Kevin Sheehan: We have done this a thousand times at both Apollo and TPG. I am not sure that they – it’s almost like saying to them would you entertain doing a different type of transaction. They have a game plan the way they do it. The only thing I can suggest if they are not happy with the stock price and I am not looking to do anything from my eye contact with them at the moment they think the stock, it’s got a long way to run. But I will talk to them about the 60 days lockup I just – I am not sure what they would say to that.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure. And I will be careful to be too specific given the fact that we are one brand and we are competing with two huge companies. But I would say that starting with the load situation we are significantly favorable in our load position right now. We are as well in Europe across the Baltic, all of which are significantly booked better than last year. We are on par pretty much with Hawaii. And then where we are also heavily booked is in the Canada and New England which is a good thing. So you get that done and get it out of the way. And then the Caribbean still has opportunities to improve on our booking, but that is the major focus where we are in the market up in New York and we are in the market in Miami. So we are seeing some momentum from that and so that will hopefully help for load and the pricing across Europe is very healthy double digits. Alaska is in the zone of being low single digit positive. Hawaii is doing well as it has been for years now. Canada, New England is priced well and the Caribbean is still a little bit behind where we would like it to be.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, that’s great question. That is actually what has happened. So remember you are in an environment and when you see it contract a little bit for the overall industry that has taken place, but the Getaway and the Breakaway within that span of business still has its double digit premium and we expect that to be. And as I had mentioned earlier on an earlier call the Epic is about to enter its fifth year and continues to command that premium. So we don’t expect that to change. But what you have is the industry dynamics that you have to work your way through and it affects the entire things. Yes, what the core fleet is a little bit lower than we thought when we came into the year and that’s why you see the revision, but its still has got that same relationship to the new ships. Great, and it’s really the Caribbean is for the most part the situation that the yield for 2014 for the industry.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, we’re cautiously optimistic here to be honest with you, by the way it’s 45% going down to 42% next year for us and I don’t know if you saw recently the news that EMC is returning to Europe a part of the year with their new ship, that was a big part of the situation that happen this year. So I’m feeling that the market size in the Caribbean is getting back to where it needs to be for ’15 and should move and it’s a way it is. As I said several times as the industry has proven once in the repeatedly that it has periods where they too much stuff goes into one market and then recalibrates or you get the travel agents attention on that market and the consumer and then the business builds. So, I think it’s looking to me like it’s going to be a better environment in ’15 and we have similarly continue to grow our chart business in the – in that part of the market with our Norwegian Pearl.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, okay. So let me take that. I think what we’re seeing here is the realization of the hard work we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. I joke with Wendy that she goes on at ad nauseam about all the initiatives we have a group of things that we’ve done on fuel efficiency over the last two or three years that goes on for pages and we’re seeing that benefit in the organic fleet, we are seeing the benefits of about $2.5 plus million for the remainder of the year in our fuel consumption. We’re also seeing as I said the Getaway is $5 million to $6 million in better than what we had budgeted and what we expected and I gave you that early indication on the fourth quarter call and we are given our hedge position actually benefiting from the pricing for the remainder of that. So, I’m sure how they are just on and we can’t really be looking at there and say to why we different, but I think I’m very proud of what we’ve been able to do from an appeal standpoint on all the fronts that we’ve been working on and just shows that you’ve got a team that’s working on every single line item like we’ve been doing since we got here six years ago.
Kevin Sheehan: I think it’s good relative to the yield guidance that we’ve given where we are, where we expect to finish, I think we – could use you in our revenue management team by the way and I…
Kevin Sheehan: And I’m very optimistic, I shouldn’t say very optimistic, cautiously optimistic about the fourth quarter. We have enough time here to be as smart as possible. We are solidly booked. The environment looks pretty good. It’s just a matter of – it’s been three years in a row, I thought we had a good situation as we rode into the fourth quarter, only to have stuff that slows us down. So again, I am cautiously optimistic if the industry continues to not have any noise in it. I think we have a good shot as we move forward.
Kevin Sheehan: Hey, thanks everyone for your time and support. Just know that we are here working around the clock always to optimize the result and we look forward to our next quarter and we are available to answer any questions that you guys may have at any point. So – and I know you have just got a bunch of calls setup already. Thanks so much for your time.
