Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our global sustainability program, sales and sustained on slide 14. We are committed to driving a positive impact on society and the environment through the advancement of this program. On the environmental front in addition to ongoing initiatives to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions rate, during the quarter, we made the first purchase under our new carbon offset program. As a reminder, over the summer, we announced that we have committed to purchasing high-quality, verified harboring credit to offset the equivalent of 3 million metric tons of carbon dioxide over a 3-year period.  This is a measurable step in near-term emissions reductions, which will help bridge the gap in our decarbonization effort until new technologies become feasible. Our 3 million ton commitment is sizable, and we plan to increase offset purchases in future years that help us reach our goal of carbon neutrality. We also strive to maintain a supportive and empowering workplace for our team members across the globe, who are without doubt our most valuable asset.  As such, we recently announced that we have indefinitely moved to a 4-1 flexible work model for our shoreside team members globally, which requires employees to work in office Monday through Thursday and remotely on Friday. This new work model allows us to provide additional flexibility for our team members while also supporting our business goals, maintaining productivity and fostering the in-person collaboration and workplace culture that we are so proud of. We are honored that this commitment to our team was recognized with our naming to the Forbes World's Best Employers list.  This recognition came after also being named to the Forbes America's Best Employers list earlier this year in which we ranked among the top 75 companies in the overall large employer category and among the top ten companies in the travel and leisure sector. And while we are pleased with the progress we have made to date on our ESG efforts, we have no plans to stop here. We are committed to continuing to drive positive change and make a lasting impact on the world as responsible corporate citizens.  In addition, we remain focused on enhancing disclosures around our ESG efforts to ensure transparency and accountability around this critical topic for our key stakeholders, and I look forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey. Turning to slide 15, I'd like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, our return to service is on track and initial voyages have been successful on all fronts. Our health and safety protocols are working as intended, and we are seeing strong onboard revenue and high guest satisfaction scores. And we are increasingly confident in our ability to execute on our phase voyage resumption plan with a target to have our full fleet in operation by April 1st of next year. Despite headwinds in the third quarter related to the Delta variant, we continue to experience strong future demand for cruising, with positive booking and pricing trends, particularly for the back half of 2022, and throughout 2023.  And lastly, we believe we are nearing an inflection point with the worst of the pandemic now appearing to be behind us. Our future is bright and we look forward to the next chapter in our Company's storied history as we deliver in our industry-leading growth profile, which we expect while providing meaningful boost to financial results and shareholder value in the coming years. And with that Laurie, let's open up for questions.
Frank Del Rio: That's a mouthful, Steve. But I'll try to get through it. We thought we have perfected our itineraries, our deployment. And so I don't see major changes in how we deploy our vessels in 2022 and beyond, assuming that the world re-opens. Today as the world is in the process of reopening. As you know, Asia is still primarily closed, but we believe that by the time our next Asia season begins, which would be about this timing '22, that it will be open. We do have new vessels coming online.  Like I said, four over the next 2 years and we're eager to take possession of those vessels. We said time and time again, we have many unserved and underserved market because we only have a fleet of 28 vessels. So we're anxiously awaiting the receipt of those vessels, which we believe will be accretive to the yields and certainly EBITDA and ROIC and all the financial metrics. Turning to 2022, we have to start looking at '22 not as a year, not as a block, but sequentially.  Certainly, a back half of '22 today is looking much better than the first half, partly because of the effects of the Delta variant on booking trends. And consumer behavior will affect Q1 more than Q2 and Q2 more than Q3. But sequentially, 2022 is ramping up very, very nicely. We said in our prepared remarks, the back half of '22 today is meaningfully, and significantly better booked than we were at this time for 2019 or any year. So, we're way ahead in load. And that gives us confidence to continue with the price discipline because today, not only do we have that meaningful load, but we're ahead in pricing.  I feel very, very good about 2022, and I can make the same identical remarks about '23, ahead in load, meaningfully, and ahead in pricing. Q2 is a what I would really call the pivot quarter. We see demand coming back strongly for '22. But as you know, where we still have -- by the end of the year, we'll have 17 ships in the water, that means that we're going to introduce 11 vessels between January 1 and April 1, and those will be ramping up until second quarter will be a transition year -- a transition quarter where all the vessels will be an operation.  But we look -- we feel very good about Q2 as well. So, look, I'm feeling better than I have nearly 2 years. Advanced bookings are strong. One of the wonderful things about this industry is that we have incredible visibility into the future. And because consumers are booking earlier than ever, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have visibility into the -- and further into the future than we ever have. And that visibility is a very positive one.
Frank Del Rio: Look, I think it's not much different than what we said earlier. About 55% are repeat are slightly higher than normal. We've moderated our marketing spend. And so, when you moderate, you're marketing spend, you tend to go to that segment of the market that you know best that's the easiest and least expensive to go after, and that's our past guests. So, we have a little bit of an elevated past guests, which is good. They know the brand, that's what you want. We're not getting ready to roll out our big marketing push in anticipation of ways to promote Black Friday, to promote Cyber Monday. And we have high hopes for a very, very good voyage season.
Frank Del Rio: In terms of your pent-up demand question, no one has a crystal ball. All I can tell you is the empirical evidence that we have based on bookings. People are booking out -- booking further out than ever before. That's the combination of the fact that we have introduced itineraries earlier than ever, though there were available for sale. But also, people's -- the psyche of the consumer, they want to cruise, they want to travel. Maybe they don't want to travel this quarter or maybe even next quarter, and they're pushing it out further and further, hoping that the COVID situation improves drastically.  So, I do believe that we're going to continue having greater visibility than we had in the past. Then that will continue for some time. In terms of onboard revenue. Look, we’ve seen the consumer spending across -- lots of different sectors are up and it's no different onboard our vessels. As you know, we lead the industry by a very wide margin in onboard yield -- onboard revenue yield, and that continues. I cautioned in my prepared remarks that I'm not ready to declare victory in the sense that the very positive trends in onboard revenue higher than they've ever been before will continue and definitely and then you can put it in the permanent column because it's just too early, is the reason why people are spending so much because of the pent-up demand.  Is it because of cabin mix where at least in the third quarter and you'll see it in the fourth quarter as well, slightly elevated percentage of our cabins that have sold are in the upper categories, the suites, the balcony cabins? And one of the truisms of this business is those who pay more to get onboard pay or spend more once onboard. But it also goes to the fundamental strength of our industry-leading bundling strategy.  We believe in the bundling strategy. We're doing more and more bundling across the three brands, and that gives people a very fresh wallet because the combination of them booking further out means they have even more time to refill that wallet and make it even fresher, if you will. And so, all these factors are contributing to the higher onboard spend. I hope it continues. We'll do everything possible to fuel that continuation. But I just wanted to fill a little bit of caution to the wind that I'm not ready to the chalk it up as a permanent shift, if you will, or a permanent source of revenue above and beyond what we've always led the industry on.
Frank Del Rio: Hey. Hi, Vince. Look, I think we're setting ourselves up nicely for margin expansion and ROIC improvement. It's quite still important to keep that pricing discipline. We've seen time and time again that companies have dropped prices as we saw back in 2008 and 2009 during the great recession, it takes years. There are some who have not yet recovered to their pre -great recession yields, a decade later or more than a decade later. So we're fixated on maintaining pricing.  We'll sacrifice short-term load factors in order to preserve long-term pricing. And long-term pricing at the end of the day is what's going to drive margins along with the fact that we are going to be introducing 4 vessels that are premium, including the Norwegian New Prima Vessel, more balcony cabins, we're increasing our percentage of the -- of our premium accommodations to 65%. And so all those factors, including the fact that we were getting -- we have gotten a lot smarter during the pandemic about how we market to our customers using technologies: the so-called Zoom world.  Marketing is becoming more efficient. And we'll see whether the general inflation pressures that are being called transitory are transitory or not. But as Mark mentioned, we are primarily a fixed cost business, and during inflationary times, we come out ahead. And we're seeing it that we have pricing power. Pricing power is the pretty word of inflation. Yes, we have inflation pressures on some line items as Mark mentioned: fuel, commodities, food. But we've got that pricing power that is translating into high yields.  So we believe that in late '22, '23 forward, our margins should improve. And events on those on the new capacity that comes online. Generally speaking, is we're bringing new capacity. It tends to be anywhere from 10% to 15% more efficient on a unit basis. So that inherently provides some tailwind for us as we move forward and with our growth profile, I think we can -- there's some tremendous opportunity there.
Frank Del Rio: Look, I think there's a great opportunity and you have to do it almost brand by brand. You want to compare a region to the cruise to stay at a Four Seasons Hotel, you want to compare a Norwegian Cruise to perhaps a share into it. But I can tell you that all the internal analysis that we do when you combine the total cost of a vacation, transportation, accommodations, your meals, your drinks, entertainment, in any location a cruise vacations value is just off the charts.  And while we want to continue offering consumers that great value, which is why our ships are always full -- the industry ships are always full. Hotel chains, can't say that their hotel rooms are always full, but we can't because of the value proposition, the way we market. And therefore that's where the opportunity is. The opportunity is to claw back some of that value that we're giving away and still provide consumers with a very attractive vacation experience.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. This -- I don't -- we're going to announce very, very soon that we have indefinitely extended our 100% vaccination requirement. I think that today that continues to be a competitive advantage to our 3 brands. I think that our 3 brands emerge from this COVID crisis in a much better standing in the consumer's eye because of our strong early stands on health and safety, vaccinations, etc., and it's something we want to build on. The children's vaccination for 5 to 11 year old were just announced yesterday.  My understanding is that likely sometime in Q1, the same vaccination approval will be given for up to four-year-old. So I do believe that the target market that cruises is more likely than general population to number one be vaccinated and then we will see. Time and time again where a past cruiser or a one who intends to cruise is significantly more vaccinated than those who don't intend to cruise. So it's a bit of a self-selection situation.  I believe that will translate also into children. But we're not going to sacrifice the health and safety of anyone for the sake of adding a point or 2 or 3 or whatever the number is to load. So we will continue mandating a 100% vaccination as long as the science dictate that that's what we ought to do.
Frank Del Rio: we're -- we've seen it as well. We're hoping that the travel agent community comes back in full force. They've also been out of work, and unlike the big public cruise companies that can go to Wall Street and raise billions of dollars, these are mostly smaller businesses and can't. And so I'm praying and hoping that they do come back in full force.  But at the end of the day, we have to fill our vessels in any way we can, and we do offer consumers multiple choices of how to engage with us. We prefer the travel agency channel. It is our biggest channel. It is coming back. We've seen improvements sequentially quarter-by-quarter in terms of the percentage of our business that is being booked by travel agents. And I do believe that once our fleet is back in operation, along with that of our peers, that they will come back. But if not, we have adapted, we are prepared, we have the technology, we have the wherewithal to take the bookings.
Frank Del Rio: Well look, the upscale brands, the luxury brands, typically booked further out than the contemporary brands because their itineraries are longer, more exotic in there for the planning process. And so, we do have more visibility into -- especially into 2023 on the Ocean and the Regent brands than we do in Norwegian, but we're seeing steady progress throughout the ecosystem. The Norwegian brand customer coming back and booking as they normally would book, except that for second half of '22 and in all '23, that booking volume is better than ever.  And so we're very pleased with that, that the demand is such that consumers want to cruise, and as I said earlier, everything else being equal, they feel more confident being able to cruise in Q3 next year, than in Q1 for example. Because of the ever-present threat of the COVID and if COVID starts to fade into the background, all the experts have said COVID is not going to go away one day. It will pan out from being a pandemic to an epidemic, and we'll all have to learn to live with it. We may have to take COVID booster shots every year like the flu.  But I do -- I am encouraged to see how, in different parts of the world and I traveled internationally for the first time in the last few weeks. I went to Italy, I went to the UK, went to New York for the first time in almost 2 years, how people have adapted. And like I said earlier the cruising population, the target cruiser is a better versed individual than the average population. They can afford to cruise, they're better vaccinated. And so all those points, I'm encouraged that again, the pandemic is not going to go away or the COVID is never going to disappear. But we will learn to live with it.
Frank Del Rio: We are -- the answer -- the short answer is yes. The longer answer is we're staging the return of our vessels not haphazardly but in a very measured way based on the availability of ports. And so, by the time that our entire fleet is operating, which will be very early in Q2 on April 1st, we believe that the seasonal nature of the cruise industry being heavily in Alaska and Europe beginning in Q2 throughout Q3, that the world will be open. By the time we get to Q4 of '22 and you start sailing to exotic places throughout Asia, South America.  We believe that by then the closure that we are seeing today will abate. And so yes, itineraries are a big deal. It's one of the secret sauce ingredients that make our Company the highest yielding Company, because we go to high yielding itineraries with wonderful vessels that have a lot of cabins that are with balconies and suites, which as I said, many times is the second driver of yields after itinerary. We believe all those pressures that we're seeing today will subside by the time that our operations are back in full.
Frank Del Rio: No. We stopped that, I believe in the -- either at the end of 2020 or the first quarter -- in the first quarter of 2021. Actually, much earlier than that. I'm sorry, mid-2020, I think it was. So we have not issued future cruise credits. I want to say probably second quarter - ish of 20.
Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Robin. And thank you, everyone for your time and support today. We will be available to answer any of your questions a little later on. Have a great day and stay safe.
Mark Kempa: Good morning, Brandt. Look, so third quarter was in line with our expectations. I think we had roughly 57% occupancy. As we said time and time and again, we're not in a race to just fill volume. We want to maintain price discipline and we're going to do that. When we look ahead at the fourth quarter, we're going to have, I believe, 17 ships in operation, approximately 75% of our capacity. And as we continue in the first quarter, we'll have almost our entire fleet operational effectively by the end of the first quarter. Rather than look at occupancy, I think a better metric is looking at the number of passengers that we're carrying. I think in the third quarter, we had about 60,000 of roughly passengers carried.  That's going to increase to roughly 150,000, 175,000 in Q4, 250,000 to 300,000 in Q1, and then you're up back into the 0.5 million. So, our occupancy is ramping up in line with our fleet roll out. Pricing discipline is important to us. We've said time and time and again, we want to protect that. We want to protect the long-term brand equity. So, we're going to do it in a thoughtful and rational manner rather than chasing that cheap customer just to gain that point of occupancy.
Mark Kempa: And Brandt one just -- one piece of additional color there is we are getting smarter not only what the bundling. But our marketing systems around the pre onboard sell. We're getting smarter throughout the booking cycle. We started really working on that heavily a couple of years ago and we started to see some fruit bearing on that in 2019. Again, that's just going to be another propellant to help us. But I think as Frank has said, we'd be naive to think that there's not going to be some settling.
Mark Kempa: And every dollar we compare we can claw back in that gap. The vast majority that drops directly to the bottom line. So it really becomes this really bottom-line economic driver pretty quickly. So we're very So, focused on that.
Mark Kempa: Good morning, Robin. Yeah, first on covering the targeted leverage. Pre -pandemic we had said our goal was to get to that 2 1/2, 2 3/4 range. And we haven't lost sight of that. But I think when we look at the near and mid-term, our first goal is going to be to get, "let's get below 5, " and then we're going to target to get below 4. So we're going to continue to chop it down year-after-year with accelerating cash flows and get that back down into that 3, 4 times. It's going to take some time to do that, but we're focused on it. We've done it before. We know how to do it, there is management team. So we're confident we can get there.  We have the ability in the business. In terms of the billion-dollar commitment look, I think as we look forward, I stated in my remarks that we're now going into a more offensive approach around our balance sheet management. What this does is really is we look at it as a very low cost but yet effective backstop rather than us having to necessarily go out and commit to permanent debt and/or permanent further dilution. I -- it's an extremely low-cost measure to have on the books which will allow us independently of that, to start taking some balance sheet action and not have to worry about the broader picture. Again, we do not intend to draw on it.  Our intention is not to draw on it. We have the facility there as part of our larger game plan. But in the event we need to draw on it or something in that nature. Most likely, or more than likely, we would go out to the public markets and go after some papers that is much more cost-effective. So, again, in balancing all of our needs, we think this provides a backstop without committing us for any long-term additional debt  dilution. And look one additional thought is that we've seen what Delta does and we want to make sure we're always been in a position to be ahead of some of the unknown. So again, this is more of us going to an offensive approach in terms of our balance sheet on a go-forward basis.
