Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Mark. As Mark just stated, 2019 is indeed shaping up very well and I want to reiterate a statement I made on our last call, which is that the robust macroeconomic environment that is driving strong demand to our three brands shows no signs of weakening. That continue elongated booking curve confirms that customers are willing to book further out than ever before and commit to big ticket discretionary purchases months and even years in advance. Looking closer in consumers sailing today are generating levels of onboard spend that are the highest we have ever seen? Combined we get a clear picture of a consumer that is both confident today and confident of what their financial situation will be in the future. The underlying and sustainable strength in global demand for cruise vacation combined with the benefits from our newbuild and fleet refurbishment programs, the boost from our itinerary optimization initiatives and the competence in achieving our long-term financial targets all come together to give Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings a compelling set of catalysts to drive multiple expansion and total shareholder returns in 2019 and beyond. We are extremely proud of the strong results we have posted thus far and we are even more excited to maximize the opportunities that lay in front of us. Once again, I thank you for your support. Jonathan. We can now open up the call for questions.
Frank Del Rio: Good morning, Harry. It's a good question especially coming on the heels of this past Tuesday and the election, but yes, I feel better today than I did this time last year. We’re better booked across our three brands. We’re better booked at higher prices. We don't have the overhang today that we had a year ago vis-a-vis the Caribbean and the hurricane. So all told, I see a broader picture. We see it in organic pricing improvement, we see it in the early results of our itinerary optimization initiatives, and we see it in the early bookings on Encore. During the commentaries I just finished, I mentioned two data points that I think economists and market watchers and investors should always look at the cruise industry as the leading economic indicator. Our record book position is an indication of how consumers are feeling for the future. What they're spending onboard today is a great read as to how they're feeling today. But I'll give you one more indicator and that is the performance of our onboard future cruise sales programs. This is a program where we have onboard all the vessels, but particularly at the Norwegian brand. That business is up 36% year-over-year. It's another sign that the consumer is feeling good at the time – and on the current time and feeling good enough to buy another cruise while there is still on their existing cruise. So again, it's another indicator that the consumer is alive and well today and feeling good about the future. And the last thing I'll tell you is is that I know it's early, but the booking curve is getting a little longer, especially for the upscale brands. We've got sailing – we've got brands I should say that already more than 20% booked for 2020, and that's the earliest that we've ever reached that milestone. So yes, am I better off today than I was certainly four years ago, but even a year ago as well there Harry.
Frank Del Rio: Mark's got the long question. So I'll give you the short answer. All three brands are ahead in 2020, but the bulk of the bookings are for the two upscale brands.
Frank Del Rio: If you're giving me an odd, I'll take it. But look we strive to squeeze every dollar we can out of revenue in the same amount of cost. It's going to be very difficult to do so. We're not suggesting that we are at this very early stage. Perhaps as we gained some traction under our belt, we can give you a clear picture. But today a truly we think it's going to be a fantastic year in organic growth. But as you know, in this business, the real boost to a year-over-year earnings growth is new capacity and we have limited new capacity next year.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, Steve, good question. I'm going to let Andy Stuart. He is much closer to this and I am answering your question.
Frank Del Rio: It's a great differentiator Steve in the marketplace. Just about everybody else focuses only on price, price, price and as you know, early on in my tenure here, we brought a different philosophy to the table, the bundling strategy, the go-to-market strategy and we are continuing to evolve and extend that strategy that proved so successful first at Oceania and in Regent and now at Norwegian. And again, I'll stress to you that as a result of that, the result of our go-to-market strategy, the result of our refurbishment program, the Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings company has the highest ticket yield and the highest onboard yield by a very, very wide margin. And so we think that we continued on that track. It's proven to be successful and the Free Air program is another example of that.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. So we turned 2016 at roughly 50%, so to be able to improve over a two year period 30% at higher prices I think is significant and goes to our go-to-market strategy et cetera. And I'm always asked what's the ideal booking curve? And I tell folks, I don't know, I do know that as long as we can continue to extend, hold the booking curve about where it is, we think it's pretty close to ideal and we can continue to raise prices that it's a good thing. And so we're very pleased with that. In terms of what else we see in 2019 that are positive. Certainly we're eager to a reposition Joy into western itineraries, especially Alaska. She's performing very well. Bliss did a tremendous job and opening up that market for Joy. She's a sister ship to Joy and the marketplace understands that. If you recall in 2016, the Eastern Mediterranean was in shambles. Today, it's not in shambles, but it is an improving situation. We'll have 15 sailings that touched Turkish ports, growing to 23 in 2020. And I think that – if those itineraries in 2019 and in 2020 perform well and so far – let me just reject that the 15 sailings in 2019 are performing better both in load and in pricing than those itineraries around it, either before or immediately after that don't have a Turkish ports. I think if that trend continues and it continues in 2020, that you can see the industry and certainly us returning to the Eastern Med in a much bigger way in 2021. This is a very much a forward looking business and you have to introduce itineraries way in advance. And so it's difficult to turn on a dime, but we're seeing positive trends in the Eastern Med, which we hope can continue. If you recall prior to the situations that occurred in the Eastern Med, the Eastern Med was about 5% of our capacity at very, very high yields. And so that is certainly something that could be a catalyst in the future. And in terms of 2019, we are less dependent on the North American consumer today than we were back then. We've done a great job internationally to get the international customer, sourcing international customers that are a higher caliber, meaning that they're willing to pay ticket prices on par with the North American. And also our Premium All Inclusive program that we rolled out throughout the international community ensures us that the onboard spend by the international customer is also a closer to what we expect the North Americans, which is the best onboard customer there is. So overall, I see less risk in the system primarily because of some of these initiatives that we've taken to diversify our sourcing better fleet overall, and so that's one of the reasons why I feel better today than I did a year ago.
Frank Del Rio: No, Jared, we track a last 16 last 12, last four, last week and yesterday. And I can tell you that we don't see any, any marked difference in bookings and consumer behavior and what they're booking. We didn't see it when the markets went down 600 points. We didn't see it when the markets go up 500 points. It's pretty stable. And I think it speaks to the overall resiliency that the cruise industry is known for. It takes a lot more than, three or four weeks of volatility in the stock market to affect our overall booking patterns.
Frank Del Rio: So I'll start by saying that in 2018, we saw a 15% increase in capacity and we were able to grow pricing 25%. So I think Alaska is a market that is under supplied, if you will. There is great demand for it. It's safe. Americans want to visit the last frontier and I think that there's much more room to grow. So for 2019, we're growing our capacity because a full-year of Bliss. Bliss got there a little bit later than it normally would. And then of course the full season of Joy, we're growing our capacity 30% and I think the industry at large is growing in the mid-teens. So it's going to be interesting. The good news is that across our three brands today, we are ahead of where we were this time last year. Pricing, a strong Joy is being positioned as a sister ship to the most successful shift ever introduced in Alaska, Norwegian Bliss. And so we think we've got the best hardware combination in Alaska with a Joy and Bliss, a beautifully new renovated Norwegian Jewel that just came out of an extensive dry dock two days ago. And then of course the Oceana Regatta and the Regent Mariner Seven Seas that just generate incredible yields. Both ticket in onboard for the Oceana and Regent brand. So we were bullish on Alaska. We think there's more room to grow. We think there's opportunities for us to deploy additional tonnage to Alaska in the years to come. We're looking to make a strategic infrastructure investments in Alaska that allows us to grow our presence there. And so we're bullish and were long so to speak in Alaska.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Since our last earnings call, the curves have increased roughly 9% to 10%. They've been pretty volatile. So that's why we wanted to give some color on 2019 that we expect our total fuel costs to be up about 10% for 2019 over 2018 levels. And then as you fast forward into that in 2020 and 2021 fuel generally represents about 6% to 7% of our gross revenues. And I think as you look into 2020, everything we see right now given where our exhaust gas cleaning program is going to be and other initiatives that we're working on. I think fuel is going to represent probably on the upper range of that 6% to 7%. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did late – we are layering on additional hedging for both 2019 and 2020 with a heavy focus on 2020, but also a heavy focus on the back half of 2019 because we believe we're going to start to see that fuel creeps somewhere in the latter part of the year. So as of this call, we're roughly 55% hedge for next year and almost 50%, 49% to be exact for 2020. So we are lucky with something we'd look at every day and we're taking advantage of opportunities and dips in the market to remove as much as the volatility as we can.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, Steven. So we don't disclose that level of detail. How much is pre-booked? But what I can tell you is that, over the years, we continue to make progress in that arena and we are investing in technology. We want to get more of the consumer's wallet upfront prior to stepping onboard the ship. So and onboard, as I said in my prepared remarks, it's looking good in Q3. We're seeing good signs and Q4, it is strong, that's the canary in the coal mine. So we're seeing strength there. But we're continually continuously making investments to try enough and grabbed that wallet earlier. And, can I give you specifics on casino? But I can tell you, casino has been very, very healthy and that that comes in contrast to, I think some of the reports we saw yesterday with some of the operators, a casino operators, but our channel in that arena has been extremely strong this year and it continues to be.
Frank Del Rio: I think the investment in infrastructure is as the industry grows and preferential birthing becomes a more important than ever. We are competing with our peers in the marketplace. So having those preferential birthing rights throughout the more popular destinations that we and they of cruise too. And so that's what we're doing. We're looking at places like Alaska. We're looking at places in the Caribbean – in Mexico, so we're doing what others are doing as well. And that is to protect or to I should say guaranteed that our ships have a place to the birth in these popular destinations.
Frank Del Rio: Well, I don't think it's changed a whole lot year-over-year. I mean, the millennial is still a growing part of about the Norwegian customer mix. But the baby boomers still make up the majority of the customers that bought a Norwegian vessel. Let's not forget 10,000 of them retire every day and they've got both the time and money to take a cruise. And certainly at the Oceana and the Regent brand. It is almost exclusively a baby boomers and it has been, in the last – for the last 15 years, I don't see that changing anytime soon given the longer itineraries that those brands operate in at the much higher prices that they operate. So across the Board, I don't see a shift from one type of consumer to another. Other than that we've – we're consciously going after that high quality, high caliber, international customer to compliment, the North American consumer. because they're the ones who generate the highest ticket and the highest onboard. And again, I will point you to all the AQs that are out there of what the net onboard yields are for the Norwegian brand nearly $78 a day over the last 12 months. That is a somewhere between 50% and 75% higher than others. It's a huge competitive advantage and one that we focused on very much so which is why we've got such a leadership position in that space
Frank Del Rio: Thank you very much. Well, it's been another wonderful time to spend with you this morning. I thank everyone for your support and your time and as always, we will be available to answer your questions throughout the day. Thank you very much.
Mark Kempa: Yes. So as you know, we are launching Encore in the latter part of 2019 and Seven Seas Splendor in January 2020. So we have to have marketing costs associated with that throughout the year plus the normal inaugural costs. So if you look at that all in, we typically spend $5 million to $7 million somewhere in that zone for launch costs. And then on top of that you have your pre-marketing, so probably thinking somewhere in the neighborhood of $15 million to $20 million drag on 2019 earnings without associated earnings power.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Regarding 4Q yields, yields are coming in exactly where we thought, in our last guidance. We did see a little bit of additional drag from a revenue dilution in China. So if you strip that out, that was about 75 basis points in the quarter. So if you strip that out, our guidance for the quarter is right on par with our previous guidance. We are substantially booked for the remainder of the quarter. However, we have been seeing exceptionally strong onboard revenue. We saw it in the third quarter. We're seeing it in the early signs of the fourth quarter. We're now what, five weeks into the quarter and we've seen very healthy onboard revenue, which as we always say is a good indicator of consumer confidence. So I think any upside in the quarter is really going to be driven by onboard and we're feeling pretty good about it.
Mark Kempa: Yes, I think 2019 is really – if you recall, on our last call, we had announced Norwegian Joy's $50 million investment, when she goes into dry dock next year. So that that increased 2019 and that will reporting in billions, the remainder is really just rounding. So I would not read into that other than the incremental portion from Norwegian Joy. And just keep in mind to what the Joy, she is going to be out of service for approximately 47 days next year of which a roughly 21 days or dry docks. So as you think about 2019 that that's going to have that's going to influence our crews cost metrics. We will also get the same benefit from her increased revenue on our yield metrics, but as we stated, it'll be a route only a slight accretion to EPS.
Mark Kempa: Yes, and I'll just add and again reminder, we're rolling over a 22.5% growth in 2018, so as we continue to out perform this year, it does make for a difficult comp in 2019.
Mark Kempa: Yes, I'll say that Robin is most of the capacities in the Norwegian brand. Overall for the Caribbean, as we look at our called Caribbean product we're very happy. We sort of look at a season. We take the November to April season, as the Caribbean and with upon pricing upon low, feeling really good about that. We look out all of 2019 upon pricing upon low. So pricing for the full-year for next year looks pretty good for the Caribbean. I think we have the opportunity to continue to improve as we last the hurricane. We definitely had some load challenges last year in the wake of the hurricane, so we should see some benefit from that. So we're feeling optimistic about the Caribbean. Norwegian Bliss in the same way that she hit records in Alaska, she hit records in the Mexican Riviera is getting the same reception as she comes to the Caribbean and her performance. So Bliss is a very, very strong performer in the Caribbean. And as we look further out into the year, Encore, as Frank said in his remarks is looking very, very strong for the early indications from her introduction. So generally feeling positive about the Caribbean.
Mark Kempa: Yes. I think when you look at dry-docks 2019 versus 2018, we do have slightly few more days in 2019 primarily as result of the Joy dry-dock, which is about 21 days, if I recall correctly. And then in 2018, our total dry-dark days were somewhere in the neighborhood, I think 107 or 108. So excluding Joy, we're pretty much on par. And again, if you think of Joy as I said earlier, she was going to skew our yield metrics up, but she will also skew our net cruise cost up, so that it's going to be marginally accretive at the bottom line, including the write-off. But really the only incremental is really around that Joy dry-dock. And that's not going to be a huge cost driver because a lot of what we're doing will be capitalized to where the basis of the ship because the major improvements we're making to make her equally or is better than Norwegian Bliss.
Mark Kempa: Good morning, Stephen. It’s going to be a long answer because there's a lot of different things. First of all compared to the last downturn of 2008, you've got a much different balance sheet. This company has a very strong balance sheet as we know down to the low-3s and now has three brands, two of the brands which are much more resilient to your garden variety recession because of the luxury customer just does well in all types of economic environment. But perhaps the most important is what we've introduced in the Norwegian brand and our go-to-market strategy of both bundling the product, so that we always provide the greatest value to the consumer. And I think value to the consumer is always important. But in times of duress, consumers doubled down on value. And so we believe that our go-to-market strategy of bundling will be a differentiator in the marketplace that will be appreciated, and in case of a downturn as much, if not more as being appreciated today. And then our go-to-market strategy of market. The last thing we want to do is discount. Those that discounted heavily to survive in the last downturn paid a heavy price for years and years to come and I daresay there are still some companies who haven't reached their pre-financial downturn yield levels. Whereas in our company of the three brands that we operate today, one of them Regent never missed a beat year-after-year 2009 was better than a way, I believe Oceania missed it by a year and Norwegian missed it by two years. So we think that our go-to-market philosophy and strategy is a competitive advantage. And quite frankly, one of the reasons why the Free Air program is something that we're excited about and will evolve at the Norwegian brand like it evolve years ago at the Regent brand. And without question in the Regent brand is the most successful by any metric of the luxury brand. We’ve got new hardware, and not just new hardware, but quite frankly, a hardware that is innovative. No one else has three ships with a two decker gold cart track on top, and everybody just wants to go on the gold cart. So I'm a very different company and I'll say one more before I forget. I told you to be a long answer and that is our international sourcing back in a way. All three of our brands, we're very much North American centric today. We saw it’s a greater percentage of our business, internationally and that area is growing. And the international guests is one that is, like we said before, on par with the domestic customers, so very, very much different environment, much less risk to the system.
