Frank Del Rio: Thank you very much, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks this morning, I'd like to provide an update on our global sustainability program, Sail & Sustain. And as Slide 17 outlines key accomplishments and milestones. We have made several significant advances since our last earnings call. First, we announced last month that we are pursuing net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050s. This ambition spans our entire operation and value chain as we aim to bring all of our key partners along with us on this important journey. To support our path to net zero we have also committed to develop short and near term greenhouse gas reduction targets.  These new commitments broaden and strengthen our existing and continually evolving climate action strategy, which is centered around three key focus areas. First, reducing our carbon intensity. Second, investing in technology and exploring alternative fuels. And third, implementing a carbon offset program. We will continue to monitor investing opportunities to reduce emissions including and beyond our fleet, working closely with our vendor partners to accelerate decarbonization efforts.  A key driver to achieve our net zero ambition is the development of alternative fuels along with the associated critical infrastructure at destinations globally to support the usage of these fields and to accelerate the use of shore power while in ports. We will continue to partner and research to identify appropriate alternative fuel sources that can also be sufficiently scaled. For example, we are currently actively engaging with partners, including shipyards, engine manufacturers and classification society in exploring paths for the development of additional technology including potential Hybrid Engine solutions and safe and effective methanol engine retrofits. Second, last month, we published our first task force on climate related financial disclosures or TCFD Report. As part of this process, we engaged teams across the organization to conduct an extensive climate risk screening, identifying priority climate related risks, followed by a scenario analysis on our top risks under different hypotheticals climate scenarios. We are focused on improving resiliency and the result of this assessment will assist us in further integrating climate related risks into our long-term strategy and decision-making processes. Lastly, I'm pleased to report that I signed the CEO Action Pledge for Diversity Inclusion in March, further expanding our commitment to fostering an inclusive workforce where diverse backgrounds are represented, engaged and empowered to generate and execute on innovative ideas. Before turning the call over to Q&A, I'd like to leave you with some key takeaways, which you can find on Slide 18. First, we are incredibly be pleased to have our full fleet back in operation, so we can now singularly focus on ramping up occupancies in a disciplined and brand accretive manner with the goal of reaching record net yields and record adjusted EBITDA for full year 2023. The public health and regulatory environment has improved and I am encouraged by the current trajectory and the overall progress we have made as a society in learning how to adapt and live with the virus, allowing us to accelerate our return to normalcy.  Second, we are encouraged by the improving booking trends and robust pricing we are experiencing, which lay a strong foundation for second half of '22 and 2023. We will lean our fundamental go-to-market strategy of market to fill in order to set the stage now for a high-quality sustainable long-term profitability and free cash flow generation. And lastly, we will continue to execute on our medium and long-term recovery plan and to capitalize on our attractive growth profile over the coming years. As you can see, we've covered a lot today. So I'll conclude our commentary here and open up the call all your question. Rob, please open up the line.
Frank Del Rio: Thanks, Steve. I think it's a great question, especially because we rely on pricing to performance as well as we do both top line and bottom line. And one of the drivers of that future pricing out performance is going to be the nine new vessels we've coming online.  We have the most growth coming online percentage wise. I think as Mark mentioned 50% in '23 over 2019. And as you know new vessels, especially the new generation of the Norwegian vessels, the new generation of the Oceania vessels and the last of the Regent vessels, they're all incredibly productive in terms of being able to raise prices. No question that the conflict in the Ukraine does have a damping effect on pricing. St. Petersburg, Russia was a star port. We probably won't be going there anytime soon. But coupled with the new vessels coming online, you know of our history. I think it's one of the slide of our history of outperforming the industry in net yield growth year after year after year. Go-to-market strategy of market to fill as opposed to discount to fill is not a slogan. It's something we do every day.  We take it very seriously being the smallest of the three big cruise companies. We don't have the scale to control cost as well as some others might. We went our game based on our ability to drive top line revenue and the key to driving top line revenue is pricing. And so we have the best and the brightest in our company focused on that and we believe that we'll be able to continue to outperform in that area for years to come.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah, good morning, Vince, it's Frank. Look, it all starts with record pricing. Today, we said that our 2023 book position meaningfully ahead of what we were last year. Pricing meaningfully ahead of where we are last year. We can hold meaning no more Black Swan events. We think that there will be margin expansion led not only by the pricing we're seeing. But by the introduction of four new ships.  We were in a way lucky that we didn't take delivery of any new ships during the pandemic, but over the next 18 months, we take delivery of four. And so we think like we've seen historically, new ship introductions are real tailwind to net yield growth to profitability, the topline revenue. Inflation is an ugly word, but there is a pretty side, which is pricing power. And you've heard Mark's statements this morning along with mine, that we do have pricing power, not only in absolute terms but in relative terms compared to land-based resorts and other vacation options. So we think that in the absence of more Black Swan events, and we've had more Black Swan events in the last two years, than I think we've had in the prior 20. 2023, indeed, it could be the record year that we're seeing unfolding before us.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah, Steve, I think outside of testing we've effectively stopped for social distancing with the reduced regulations that were issued by the CDC recently. We're now going to be taking back some cabins over time that we had to put aside for quarantine or for isolation so that produces additional opportunities. There's going to be certain staff areas that we can reduce. So I think as we cycle through the second quarter and probably somewhat into the third quarter, you're going to start to see some of those kinds of what we'll classify as pandemic-specific related costs go away. I don't foresee any major cost components going forward from 2023 onward as a result of the pandemic. Just some things on the margin, but nothing significant.
Frank Del Rio: Well, the reason why the phenomena that you just described has occurred because we keep having these Black Swan events. First, it was Delta, than it was Omicron and then there was the Ukraine, Russian situation. And so we have tempered all our remarks by saying, as long as there are no additional Black Swan events we're seeing fantastic pricing strength. It is meaningful over what our record 2019 pricing was. And therefore again in the absence of anything new, this will hold. In the past that hasn't held because of these Black Swan events. So promise me no more Black Swan events Steve and I'll promise you record net yields.
Frank Del Rio: Well, I think, I think we in our commentary, I talked about that and we are seeing close in demand, which is good. And it's close and demand that's showing that consumers have confidence, they are booking within the cancellation period. We had not seen that during the pandemic.  So we've been seeing that over the last few months, which is a good sign. We're still seeing strong demand for the longer term as well, but again that's a sign of confidence that consumers are willing to go and they're confident that the voyage is going to sail and there's proper protocols in place. So it's actually a very good sign in relation to where -- as we exit the pandemic.
Frank Del Rio: No. Patrick, that's not correct. We have -- we had reduced from 100% to 95% when the CDC allowed it, and now we are at least for the Oceania -- at least our Norwegian brand, which is the family brand in our company, we're going to be allowing 90% of the folks to be vaccinated, 10% not. That opens up the family market in a big way, just in time for the summer season.
Frank Del Rio: Yeah. Asia is really bookings strong for us and it's very, very high prices. But there is that risk. Robin. And so we will likely take some chips off the board in the coming weeks to balance that risk reward, likely at the Norwegian brand, which has more flexibility in where it can achieve good pricing and accelerate the bookings, much faster than Oceania region can because of the longer booking curve there. The good news is that you don't just today we heard from the Minister of Tourism in New Zealand that they expect New Zealand to open up no later than October to cruising. That opens up that whole Australasia area for us, Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti. And we hear good commentary coming out of some Asian countries, some Asian ports, not China. And we're not very big in China as you know. So we are hopeful but there is a risk there, no question. But we are hopeful that it will reopen. I know, South America, which also caused some issues this past winter looks like it's going to be open. Argentina has announced, Uruguay has announced, Chile has announced. So again, the world is reopening perhaps at different pace. But it is reopening. And that's good news for us.
Frank Del Rio: Robin, I'm not going to give you a number per se, but I will tell you that close in bookings, defined as bookings for the next 60 days are running significantly higher than history. Now part of that is because historically there typically is very little inventory to sell inside 60 days and that's not necessarily the case today. But it is strong, much stronger quite frankly than we anticipated two, three months ago and it's another positive green shoot as Mark mentioned, when we get momentum back and I'll take momentum anyway I get it, if that means bookings are strong for the next close in, that's a start. Just last week, the Oceania brand introduced late '23, all of 24 departures had one of its top three booking days in history.  So we're seeing people booking way into the future. And now we're seeing very, very strong bookings, very close in. And so in time, if there is a gap between the long and the relatively short. It's going to be start -- it's going to start to fill in. And again another green shoot, as the summer rolls around top prime cruising season, it's going to continue to get better. So again I preface it no more Black Swan events, the industry is going to progressively get stronger, better going back to normalcy, reaching the normal high occupancies that we've always enjoyed.
Frank Del Rio: I think we're seeing pricing strength. I know we're seeing pricing strength across all three brands. Certainly the upscale brands are doing terrific because of the nature of their itineraries or customer base. Their booking curve is always further out than the closer in Norwegian brand and that is certainly playing out again for the back half of '22, and into '23. I just mentioned, one of the upscale brands just announced '24 itineraries, and had a near record day, one of the top three days in the company's history. So we're not seeing any isolation of one brand versus another in terms of pricing. Pricing is strong across the board and that's very encouraging for us partly because all three of our brands have the same go-to-market strategy where we focus on marketing and the value proposition over pricing. It's not one brand does one thing and one another brand does another. We harmonize, add and curate it and that's why we have such a strong historical performance in year-over-year yield growth and have the highest yields in the industry by a very wide margin.
Frank Del Rio: No, I think Europe has come back very, very nicely. I was just talking to one of our brand Presidents this morning and he tells me that European sourced business is strong and you can't believe how strong it is, especially in Europe. UK is doing well. Australia is still lagging a bit. That country as you know has been closed for a while. But again these are all green shoots. We're waking up to bear. Look, it's been 26 months since we were shut down on March 10. It took us 26 months to get our fleet back operating at full strength. And so it's going to take some time to get all the pieces right, to get consumers thinking in the right direction, getting the ports open around the world and it all starts with a moderation of COVID. And I think we've seen that even when there are spikes here and there. Society is learning to live with COVID and we have to do that. It's not going away. No vaccine is going to make it disappear.  It is now one of the many novel Coronaviruses that affect our lives every day and I'm glad to see that we're all learning to live with it. But learnings take a while. And so that's what we're seeing. We're seeing green shoots. We're not 100% back to where we need to be, but certainly we are approaching the levels we need to sail full, to generate highest net yields in the company's history. The highest EBITDA in the Company's history in the coming quarters. With that, we have time for one more question and then we'll conclude today's presentation.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, Sean. So look, we continue to see strength in both ticket and onboard revenue. As we've talked about in our last few calls, the strength of the consumer is resonating well on the ships. Obviously if you look at our financials and realize we do have our bundling strategy which sort of it somewhat artificially inflates our onboard revenue by a couple of percentage point, nothing major. So even if you isolate that out, the onboard revenue performance is just strong. But more importantly, it starts with the ticket.  It starts with getting that right customer that high quality customer booking far out in advance. Those are the customers we target. We get a -- we offer them a significant value, and that in turn they spend on board. So it's coming across in all areas. And that's what we're glad to see that. That's what we want to see. That's what we're targeting. That's what's behind our go-to-market strategy. So it's not just one or the other, it's a combined effort.
Frank Del Rio: I think it's going to be in early -- in the first half of 2023, like we said, we continue to build. Q2, we expect is going to be in the 65% range. Obviously when you look at the third and fourth quarter that's going to continue to build. But we're going to maintain our price discipline, our pricing integrity. We are not going to chase short term load and damage the brand for the long term, we do not believe that's not our strategy, and that is not the right strategy for our company. So we will maintain that price discipline. We expect over the first half of 2023, we're going to be back at those 105, 110 load factors that we're used to seeing, but more importantly at high pricing.
Mark Kempa: And Steve, to add to what Frank is saying, we can't overlook as we talk about the value proposition of Cruise. We've always said that Cruise is underpriced versus our true competitors, which are land-based vacations. And as you've seen consumers more and more willing to pay higher pricing for land based alternatives, that is additional demand and additional pricing that we can go after. And we expect to go after.  We'll continue to chase that and that's an opportunity for the industry as a whole. If you look, go back and look at 2008 and 2009, what happened in pricing after the last recession, pricing rebounded quickly and I think we were the first in the industry. A couple of our brands never lost pricing power and our largest brand at the time was the first to rebound. So we're set up well. We think there is continued opportunity down the line. Consumers are willing to pay for value and cruise offers a compelling value.
Mark Kempa: Steve, I'll take that. So, first and foremost, let's remember we have a few inflection points that we just hit as a company. Our positive cash flow from operations turned in March. We expect that to continue in the second quarter and throughout the rest of the year. As I showed in our slide, we expect free cash flow to turn positive in the fourth quarter.  So all that plays in well, when we look at our liquidity position. We turned the quarter with around $3.1 billion. And as I talked about not only turning the corner on cash flow, but our advanced ticket sales engine is roaring. And so when you look at that and are we're pretty confident in our ability to fund our operations organically.  When you look at the bigger picture against the economic backdrop, of whether it's inflation or recession talk, as you think about the cruise industry and our company as a whole, against an inflationary backdrop, we're relatively better positioned than many of our land-based competitors due to the fixed-cost nature of our business. So that gives us an advantage. And again I'll go back to what I said in the beginning of your question that combined with the value proposition of cruise, consumers look for that. So we feel like we're in a great position going forward.
Mark Kempa: And Vince, we're not only unit growth, as we said in 2023 and we effectively have a 20% capacity growth over '19. We're going to drive the top line, but on the cost side, you have to remember, that if you look at our costs, we're not immune to inflation, but about 25% to 30% of our cost basket is exposed to that hyperinflation so to speak. That's a lot less than many are comparable type of that leisure industries, so of speak. So we have some protection against that backdrop. We're going to continue to push on price, we continue to gain scale as we grow, and all that's going to result in expansion of margin and increased profitability.
Mark Kempa: Early in the pandemic recovery there was an overwhelming skew towards past guests booking. They were the most comfortable with cruising, most comfortable with particular brand. What we have seen really since the beginning of the year is a return to normal breakout between past guests booking with us, new to brand guest booking with us, and new to cruise bookings with us. So I think from that perspective, we've either reached or about to reach the normal break out of the different groups of passengers, which is good to see. Cruise lines can't live with the past guests alone. So it's good to see the return of new to cruise and new to brand to us.
Mark Kempa: But let's balance that Steve with the fact that we did turn cash flow positive in March. We are confident we are going to be cash flow positive in the second quarter. It's been over 2.5 years as a company since we've been able to say that, and that's going to translate into EBITDA and then ultimately profitability. So the tide is turning and the future looks bright. So those are key milestones that we should not discount. I want to highlight that pretty strongly today.
