Harry Sommer: Sure, yes. Happy to, and that's a great question. We touched on this already in our prepared remarks, but we are laser focused on delivering our '23 guidance and financial goals. One of the drivers of growth this year is going to be our robust newbuild platform with us taking delivery of three new and I might be biased, but I'm going to add absolutely magnificent ships this year, including the incredible Vista, which start sailing tomorrow. Those ships along with some of our other recent additions translate to a nearly 20% growth in capacity when compared to 2019. So that's expected to provide a meaningful boost to our current and future earnings power. We're also hard at work at our ongoing margin enhancement initiative and our continuing to identify new and innovative ways to get more efficient while also delivering best-in-class product and service offerings for our guests. We're pleased with the results so far, but we're not stopping there and we'll continue to leave no stone unturned. And lastly, we're going to continue to capitalize on the robust consumer demand we're experiencing, which is translating into our record book position and strong pricing, including very robust onboard revenue generation. So, we feel good about our position over the next year and we're going to do everything in our power to deliver on all our goals.
Harry Sommer: Sure, I'll take that one. And Steve, I thank you for the kind words at the initial start of your question. We've stated before that our goal is to be between 60% and 65% booked at year-end for the following 12 months. I think that range applies to the end of wave as well that we like to be between 60% to 65% booked for the following 12 months at the end of wave. And I can say that we are hardly within that range, pretty much exactly where we want to be. So, we were very happy with the way wave turned out and our book position both on a basis of itself and compared to 2019 is doing very well.
Harry Sommer: Sure, Vince. I'll -- it's Harry. I'll take that one too. Listen, we were very pleased with the results in Q1. We're trying with our new premium itineraries to be us booked a little further in advance so that close-in bookings does not represent a -- such as larger percentage of our overall business as it used to. That being said, we were very pleasantly surprised with close-in demand for Caribbean in Q1. Of course, Caribbean doesn't matter all that much for us in Q2 and beyond as we shift our deployment to Europe and Alaska. So, a little less close-in demand there as we are booked further in advance, but we're happy with both occupancy and price, especially for the key summer period.
Harry Sommer: Look, we have about a 20% increase in capacity for 2023 versus 2019. So of course, our bookings need to be 20% higher. And we've absolutely seen or exceeded those levels during Q1 booking period compared to Q1 of 2019. So, I think the best indicator for us is our advanced passenger ticket sale revenue. Our balance sheet is up I think 60% compared to the end of Q1 2019, which I think gives you a very robust indicator of how our book position looks.
Harry Sommer: I just want to add to Mark's comment that our guests have to fly to get to a cruise. And there's two choices, they either make their own air arrangements or they make their air arrangements through us. And of course, as we buy air tickets for over 1 million guests a year, we have some really good systems and efficiencies to leverage the best prices out there. We use all types of tools in terms of automation, even AI to predict when the best time to book a flight is. And with those tools, we think bundling actually provides us in this uncertain future environment, a competitive advantage. So something that absolutely it impacts us. But if we do it right, we can turn it to our benefit.
Harry Sommer: So, in terms of 2024, I'll take the second part of your question first, listen, I think there's still a little rebuilding that can be done in Q1. So, I think Q2 to Q4 basically represents what we're going to see in future periods as well. But Q1 finished up at 101.5%, we can do better than that going forward when we have the more advanced lead time we need to book some of our exotic itineraries and also have the fully overhang of the difficult years that we've talked about beforehand. In terms of this gap of 3%, does that reflect what we're going forward? Pretty much close to that after the Q1 commentary I gave you already. We think this shift to premium itineraries, primarily Europe and Alaska, but a little bit in Asia as well, allows us to get the type of customer that we need to get to support our revenue goals and our revenue growth for the future.
Harry Sommer: I just want to comment that when Frank goes on cruises in retirement, he doesn't pay, so he won't be activity to that world cruise number you saw earlier. So, I'll turn it over to Mark to talk about financial ramifications.
Harry Sommer: So, Robin, this is Harry. I'll take the first half, and I'll let Mark discuss the ECA financing. Listen, in Q2 -- in all future quarters, our focus now is in having our cabins as close to 100% full as palpable. So, I can definitively say that in Q2, we will be at or ahead of our Q2 cabin load occupancy across the entire fleet to get the passenger load occupancy as a function of, what we talked before, having less third and fourth guests on board. But as Mark just discussed, we believe, over time, this actually is going to be EBITDA and margin accretive. So, we're very happy with that strategy.
Mark Kempa: Yes, good morning, Dan. This is Mark. So, first and foremost, there is no change. Q2 -- both Q2 pricing and yields are exactly in line with where we thought they were going to be. Of course, as your occupancy ramps up, you do see a little bit less of pricing power on your [lower meta] (ph) i.e., inside cabins. But overall our NPDs remain very healthy and strong. And then secondly, I think the other piece to look at is when you do the comparison versus a very strong second quarter 2019, we're comping over some difficult comps with Cuba that we had back in 2019 as well as the full benefit of Baltic itinerary. So, while on the surface, it may appear that there is -- it is a bit softer than Q1, I assure you it is exactly where we expect it to be. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the second half of 2023 is expected and continue -- and we continue to expect very strong pricing and yield growth.
Mark Kempa: Yes, sure. So, let's address the cost side first. So, we did overachieve in Q1. And as I had communicated, we had communicated on our last call, we were steadfastly going into a lot of our onboard -- our margin enhancement initiatives. And we simply executed some of those initiatives quicker than we had anticipated. So, while we did get a benefit in Q1, it doesn't necessarily translate to a benefit in the outer quarters simply because we already had that baked into our guidance. That said, we have not stopped, and we continue to look at opportunities to improve our cost structure. So -- but it's a bit early for us to give additional color on that. All I can tell you is that we are razor focused on that. And I think we will continue to have a sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter, and I think I'm very confident. I think quite a bit of you were nervous last quarter whether or not we could achieve our cost savings, and I think we've demonstrated that in Q1. We've demonstrated that in our full year updated guidance, and we will continue to push hard on that.
Mark Kempa: Well, Steve, first of all, I appreciate the adjective you used of destroyed our guidance. But I would like to say we healthily beat our guidance. Look, Steve, I think first and foremost, we have to look at the underlying fundamentals of the business. Our NPD and yields continue to be strong, continue to be in line with our expectations The consumer is still strong. The consumer is buying cruise tickets. The consumer is spending more on board. The consumer is pre buying more before they get on board. And we're very pleased with that. So -- but if you just took Q1 in isolation and you said, okay, we beat the quarter by $0.15, and you look at the rest of the year, almost half of that is being eroded by fuel and FX headwinds. So, the remainder of it, we are carrying through. So, while we're not ready to necessarily change the rest of our guidance metrics, I think we're trending well and we're trending healthy. And I think our guidance reflects that. So, we said last quarter that we wanted to be prudent in terms of our guidance. We want to deliver and hopefully beat. We'll continue down that path. But things are looking very, very healthy from our perspective in terms of the overall consumer demand for cruise.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Brandt, good morning. So, I think what you have to think about is looking at our newbuild deliveries that we're taking this year as well. So, we are taking deliveries of ships obviously now in the second quarter. We'll be taking delivery of a ship in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And what's unique about that in the third and fourth quarter obviously we're taking -- we have a higher -- we have the higher operating cost brands of Oceania and Regent. So that does somewhat elevate your unit cost although we do receive benefit on both the top- and bottom-lines from that. So, I wouldn't skew too much that the premium itineraries are going to be a big driver of costs. Overall, our cost levels tend to remain the same. It's really around our promotions and advertising variable costs that would have any sort of influence. So look, I think bottom-line, we continue to sequentially improve our cost structure. I said last quarter, we need to do a better job of leveraging our scale. We're on that journey. We've hopefully demonstrated confidence to the market that we've achieve step one of that, and we'll continue to optimize around that. And hopefully, over the next few quarters, we can continue to prove that and further build confidence that we're leveraging our scale to the best of our ability.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Brandt, I think you've hit it, right? We've all experienced whether it's traveling for business or consumers traveling, flight prices are elevated. And of course, with our bundling strategy that we've embarked on over the last few years and that's really taking full throttle in 2023, that does have some headwinds to our overall net yield. And that's simply as a matter of when we sell the ticket to the consumer, we sell the air at what we believe are going to be the best projected prices. And our consumers are booking very far out in advance, which is a good thing. So there's always going to be some puts and takes until when you actually purchase the flight where you may have some variability in there. But overall, we believe that our air strategy is the right thing to do given our strategic itinerary deployment. And there's always going to be some variability in there, but nothing that overly concerns us.
Mark Kempa: Yes. So, regarding our second half NPDs, yes, I think we labeled that on our slide, we're expecting roughly 11% or 12%, if I recall correctly. And number one, that's on the back of very strong just good old-fashioned core growth. It's also on the back of bringing on some of our premium brand vessels. But more importantly, when you look at the comparisons in the back half of 2019, we're rolling over much easier comparisons, the inverse of what's happening in the first half versus 2019. Again, we had to rapidly exit Cuba in, I believe, June or July of 2019. And we had to sell those voyages close in for very efficient pricing. And then, of course, as you look at the brand mix, that's also a tailwind. But also in Q4, where we expect quite a substantial amount of our pricing power, we are actually in the Alaska season longer this year as well as in the European season longer this year. And I think it's somewhere in the neighborhood of we have 3% more deployment in Q4 of Alaska and I believe 7% deployment -- more deployment in Europe for Q4. So, when you combine all those factors together, that's what gives good -- great confidence in where our pricing is. And I think the tail end of your question was whether or not we're booked there currently, look, we're -- our book position, Harry touched on it earlier, we're exactly where we need to be to hit our goals and our guidance. So, I won't give too much color on that, but other than we're exactly in a position we need -- where we need to be.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Steve. So, I would actually rephrase that as financial benefits. Obviously, while there is a slight impact to load factor, the whole reason we're going to more longer-premium itinerary intensive destinations is number one, to get a better guest, to get higher pricing and to maximize the value that we're getting out of each of our assets. So while there's always a -- both sides of the coin, overall, the economics on going to those itineraries obviously favors the company or we would not be doing that. But so I wouldn't get caught up too much on the slight impact to occupancy.
Mark Kempa: So, all of our new build orders, I'll remind everybody that we do not execute any newbuild orders without committed financing. That is just a complete no-no in our organization. So, we have very efficient fixed rate financing for all of our newbuilds that are on schedule to delivery through 2028 at an average rate of anywhere from 2% to 2.5%. There is no opportunity for the export credit agencies to change those rates. As I said those are fixed. So we have very efficient financing going forward, and I see no risk around that because there's just simply not an opportunity for the institutions to do that.
Mark Kempa: Yes. And Robin, just to add to that, we did try to communicate last quarter and over the course of many investor meetings that when we said historical occupancies, we didn't say that they were going to be exactly the same. We said we expected them to be within a couple of points, especially on the overall year run rate. So, I just want to point out that that's not necessarily a change from last quarter. In terms of the export credit agency financing, yes, so we obtained financing for €1.7 billion. And in our last earnings release, we had called out that we had increased our contractual commitments by €1.2 billion. And the differential simply is that, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've now included certain things, financing for owner supply and other related items that are required as part of the ship delivery. And the thought process there was it is very efficient and very extremely beneficial financing. So, in order to preserve cash for the long term at very -- and given the very efficient rates, we simply decided to finance more. So does not represent a further €0.5 billion increase in the overall ship cost, it is simply a different mechanism for financing some of the existing costs that were already expected. And I think that's why when you look at our capital commitments on our newbuilds for the next three years, it's actually decreased overall in terms of cash out of the system.
Mark Kempa: It's really spread out over the course of the next three to five -- it's spread out I don't want to say ratably, but relatively ratably across all of the remaining newbuilds, excluding Norwegian Viva and Vista, which we just took delivery of, of course.
Mark Kempa: Hi, Patrick. Good morning. Yes. So, definitely we are planning -- we are funding all of our existing debt maturities this year from cash on hand and organic cash flow. So, you're spot on there. And then, the $1.4 billion of term loan and revolver that was extended to January 2025, we will address that -- start addressing that later this year. And whether or not we refinanced that on a more holistic approach or we do another amend and extend. Obviously, we'll look at what the markets are doing, what the environment looks like. But we'll do the most -- obviously, the most economically feasible option out there. So that's something that you'll see us out in the marketplace in the latter part of this year.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Patrick. We're firing on all cylinders. As I've said internally, our target is to turn 2023 with a very five -- high five handle on a pro forma run rate leverage basis. Now that's not a necessarily easy task, but that's one of the things we're marching to as the management team and, of course, with our Board of Directors. And that's going to come on the back of again strong pricing and yield growth, which we've talked about, as well as rightsizing our cost base and leveraging our scale. So, we are marching towards that. There's never a guarantee, but that is what we're rallying around. And we hope to deliver on that and we're feeling good with what the outlook looks like today.
