Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. Operationally, we are now in the homestretch of preparing for the arrival of our 26th ship, Norwegian Bliss. She has maintained throughout her booking curve the fast-paced sales momentum and high pricing that has made her the best-booked newbuild in Norwegian's history. She has more cabins sold today at meaningfully higher prices than any of her sister ships at this point prior to delivery by a wide margin. Some would say that the best-booked ship in Norwegian's history is worthy of an encore and that is exactly what our newbuild slated for delivery at the tail-end of 2019 will be. Last month, we cut steel on the last of Norwegian's game-changing Breakaway Plus Class fleet with Norwegian Encore. She will be deployed to fully leverage the strong secular booking environment that we are seeing in North America, launching with sailings of the Caribbean from PortMiami in mid-December of 2019. A strong worldwide booking environment underpins our financial priorities for 2018 of achieving another year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, de-levering to the low 3 times and preparing our balance sheet for the return of capital to shareholders, including the potential for the institution of a dividend. As I stated at the beginning of this call, I have never been more excited or energized going into a new year as I am today for 2018. Among the things I am most excited about is showing off the highly anticipated Norwegian Bliss. Her first call in the U.S. will be in the Big Apple in early May, where we will take the opportunity to showcase her to you with an Investor Day on Norwegian Bliss on May 4. As a result of the timing of our Investor Day, our first quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for May 2. We look forward to speaking with you then and seeing you onboard Norwegian Bliss. Mr. Jonathan, please open the call for questions.
Frank J. Del Rio: Oh, we don't hold back, Felicia. We give you our best view based on the current situation. And please note, it's very early in the year. Look what happened in 2017. Who would have guessed that late in the year, after a very benign year, that weather events would cause the havoc that it did. And so, we take those situations under consideration, but looking at the numbers, we said that each of our brands is performing extremely well, both in load and in pricing. We don't see weakness in any of our source markets. We don't see weakness in any of our core markets, source or itineraries. Remember that we're lapping a couple of things from 2017. 2017 Europe performance was outstanding, following the issues that we all know about in 2016. The Cuba itineraries, as I said earlier in prior calls, were home runs and we continue to see high pricing for those itineraries, which is why we added a second vessel at the Norwegian brand, bringing our total capacity to Cuba to roughly 4%, double from 2017. But the year-over-year increase is not going to be as dramatic. We also have the full-year impact of Norwegian Joy, especially in the first half. It's the low season in China. And we have the lapping of our very, very high-yielding Oceania and Regent ships, Explorers and Sirena were introduced in 2016. So we have the conundrum of adding Bliss, which as I said earlier, the best booked in load, in pricing, in velocity, you name it, Bliss is leading the charge. But it comes from the Norwegian brand, which no matter how profitable these ships are, their yields are lower than the corporate average because of our unique mix in the industry of having roughly 30% of our capacity being very high priced, very high-yielding brands. So, you shouldn't take the 2% to be conservative. You shouldn't look the 2% to be anything other than a start for the year in which we have high hopes for, but it is still early.
Frank J. Del Rio: Remember that in the fall, Felicia, we refinanced a good portion of our debt at the lowest rates that any company with our rating has ever achieved and really the rest of the debt that we have on the balance sheet is ship-related debt that is export credit agency-backed, which is so low you'd never want to refinance that debt. So, our balance sheet's capital structure is in very, very good shape and doesn't need a whole lot of tweaking.
Frank J. Del Rio: We hope so, but we don't know yet. And as I said earlier, we give you our best read based on the timing of the year. I mean, if this was our fourth quarter call in November sometime, I'd have more data points underneath our belt, but a lot of things could happen between now and then. We are enthused, as I said, more so than we ever have and it's not just me, it's the entire management team. We have less inventory to sell than we've ever had before. The pricing we're getting across the board is very, very strong, but as I've mentioned in my comments to Felicia, last year, we had some unique situations with Cuba, with Europe making an incredible rebound year-over-year. Who was going to expect that? 2017, the momentum really grew and grew and grew and it wasn't until the hurricanes hit in mid-September that we had any bump on the road. And so, you tell me how many bumps in the road we're going to have and I'll tell you by how much we can possibly beat our guidance. But we do take those situations into account and if business continues the way it's been and there are no bumps on the road, then I think we could have some very pleasant surprises down the road, but until that happens, we hesitate to comment on it.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. So, we underwent a pretty thorough succession plan review, top to bottom, in the company and feel very, very good about our senior leadership management team, where they stand and what back-ups there could be. In the case of Wendy, we're going to engage – we have engaged a nationally recognized firm to look for a top-notch leader that can certainly walk in and be a very effective CFO and someone who, in the three years or so that I have until my contract expires at the end of 2020, can compete for the CEO job. We have several internal candidates who will also hopefully be competing for that CEO job, but having more options from a corporate governance perspective is better than having fewer. And so, we look forward to this person being a top-notch CEO and someone who can compete for the CEO job at the appropriate time.
Frank J. Del Rio: Even the guy who bats ninth for the Yankees when the Yankees were good was a good hitter. And that's what we've got here. We've got a lineup that I see no underperforming regions. I'm always looking where to move vessels to. Cruise lines seek to move vessels to the highest yielding destinations. That's why ships have propellers and rudders and today, it's one of those few times in my tenure in the 25 years I've been in the industry that I wouldn't move any of my ships. I like where they are. I think, as we said in our prepared statements, we have optimum itineraries and I think that's one of the reasons we're seeing the strong pricing that we're seeing is because they're in the right place at the right times.
Frank J. Del Rio: You managed to squeeze five questions in, Tim. I'll take China first. Look, China was profitable for us in 2017. We said she would be and she delivered. There are still challenges in China. I don't think China is hitting on all cylinders like it can and still we remain committed. We remain optimistic that the areas of opportunity, the areas that we can improve upon will come to fruition. One of those is South Korea. You've heard me say many times, Tim, that the leading – the most important variable in increasing yields is itinerary. And when you only have one country to go to on four or five-day cruises, that's what's popular in China, it's difficult to have itinerary optimization. So, I think once South Korea comes back and we're all hopeful it comes back sooner than later, I think that will help things. Second thing that keeps me optimistic about China, at least in the short to medium term is that, for the first time, I think, ever, China is not going to experience double-digit or even triple-digit year-over-year capacity growth. For the most part, capacity is either flattish or slightly down, which should benefit those who have remained and we're one of those. And so, we're optimistic that that will continue. And as far as what will it take to bring another ship to China, quite frankly the rest of the world is doing so well to Patrick's question a moment ago, that it's hard to pull a vessel when you only have 26 ships, like we do, into China. We have many other either unserved or underserved markets that we would also consider in the mix, should ships become available to us. We don't have a presence in the mid-Atlantic states. We're not in Baltimore. We're not in Charleston. We don't have a presence at all in the world's second largest port, which is Fort Lauderdale. We don't have a presence in the Gulf States of Texas or Alabama. We don't have a year-round presence in Tampa or New Orleans or in Los Angeles. We only have three ships in Alaska, which is a very high-yielding market. Some of our competitors have up to eight vessels. So, given our fleet size today and the fact that we will only be taking one ship per year, it could be a couple of years before we consider adding more tonnage to China, if the conditions in the rest of the world remain as robust as they are today. And with that, I'll turn it over to – Mark, I think, will take this question about your debt question.
Frank J. Del Rio: What's currently on the books, we don't give out. We don't disclose what our booking position is in terms of occupancy. I will tell you that the only time we do is at year-end and I will tell you that the turns at year-end, very, very close to our target of being sold 60% at year-end. And so, as I said earlier in my prepared remarks, the velocity of bookings during the first seven weeks of wave have grown year-over-year and so that advantage, if you will, at year-end from both in loading and pricing has further improved. So, look, we don't need any home runs in order to hit our target. It's pretty much steady as she goes and hopefully if the environment remains how it is today, it could even be better. And also, there is always the – in terms of yields, the variable is always onboard revenue. It doesn't happen until it happens. So, we don't have the same visibility on onboard revenue, which is a very important and significant component of overall yields. We don't have the same visibility on onboard as we do on load or on ticket pricing. I will tell you, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that we see a direct correlation between when you have high ticket pricing, you also see high onboard revenue. Customers, who have money to spend on tickets, have money to spend onboard and we've been seeing it throughout 2017 and expect to continue seeing it in 2018.
Frank J. Del Rio: No. When folks have money to spend onboard, they spend it in restaurants and in shops and, primarily, in shore excursions. We've seen this widespread move away from buying things to enjoying experiences. So, we've seen a nice uptick in our shore excursion business. Our casino business has always been strong. And so, again, you see this onboard general strength across the various onboard revenue streams that we have available.
Frank J. Del Rio: And, James, just to pipe in on the 2019 comment you had, we are having more dry docks in 2018. Our run rate is going to be about 8 to 10 per year. And in 2019, we'll see that as well. But what's important to note is that we also have some of our larger ships going into dry dock for the first time in 2019. So, this is going to be our run rate going forward on, roughly 8 to 10 per year.
Frank J. Del Rio: I'll take it. I've been reading the analysts' reports, fielding investor calls the last few months on supply growth. And so think of it this way. For both 2017 and 2018, our brand has a higher capacity growth than the industry at large. And you can see that we have been able to introduce those vessels very nicely into our fleet, especially the Norwegian Bliss, with incredible high pricing, strong velocity of bookings. For 2019, which is the year that everybody seems to be concerned about, the Norwegian capacity growth is actually about half of the industry average. And as I noted earlier in another call, we have so many markets that are either unserved by us or grossly under-penetrated by us. From a Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings perspective, we simply have no concerns about the supply growth. We do compete in a global marketplace, but we see so many opportunities to deploy vessels to strong areas, especially in the North American market which is showing very strong secular indications for sustained growth, that we can't wait to get our hands on new vessels. So no, I'm not worried about it. For those of you who have not been in the industry for 25 years like I have, I've been seeing this question raised literally every year, that oh my God, oh my God, another ship is coming and all I know is that every ship is full at good prices. The industry makes plenty of money. We're resilient and I expect that to continue as we see a broader consumer base attracted to cruising. It's not just about the boomers anymore. Millennials are taking to cruising. This is not just a North American sport anymore. We have a very large footprint internationally and when I say we, I mean us, our brand and also our three brands and also the industry at large, excluding China. And so the capacity growth, even though it is slightly higher than the long-term average, is not so high that it should cause any concerns, given the strength that we're seeing in the marketplace, the broad-based adoption by many markets to cruising. I simply don't have any concerns, Harry.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, in absolute terms, yes. Millennials now make up roughly a quarter of our customers. That certainly wasn't the case even five years ago. The boomers are still the biggest, but the fastest growing without question, by a wide margin, are millennials. And we love to see that. We're seeing it in, especially on our North American-sourced customers for our North American type of itineraries. So, we're glad to see it. We need to have another group of folks outside of the boomers. The boomers have been great to the cruise industry, don't get me wrong. The boomers built the cruise industry that we know today, but the millennials are making a strong push to be alongside them.
Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you. We've got, operator, time for one more question. We're over a little bit, but one more question, please.
Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Andy, and thanks everyone for your time this morning and your support. As always, we will be available this afternoon to answer your questions and, again, I look forward to seeing you onboard Norwegian Bliss in New York. All the best. Bye-bye.
