Wendy Beck: Thanks Kevin and Good Morning everyone. The following commentary unless otherwise noted compares third quarter of 2013 to the same period in 2012 and figures are given on as-reported basis. Net revenue in the quarter increased 19.6% to 596.1 million from 498.4 million as a result of an increase in capacity days and an improvement of net yield in the quarter. A 14.9% increase in capacity days was driven by the addition of Norwegian Breakaway for the full quarter.
Wendy Beck: Sure, so we are 64% hedge in 2014 and we used US Gold Crust 3% as our hedge proxy, which historically has had a high correlation with what we consumed and the rate is in the high 80s.
Wendy Beck: Looking further at the cost improvements that we have had first of good portion that’s coming from our lean management initiative which some people would call Six Sigma but internally we call it continuous improvement. We also are gaining efficiencies through our disciplined inventory control, both on the technical and hotel operations, also leveraging purchasing across the fleet, implementation of standard service contracts and in-house riding crews for continuous proactive maintenance things like engines, coffee machines etc. Those are the primary ways that we are continuing to drive in efficient way to start of the business and there is lots of opportunity still.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure, Thanks Felicia. You know when you – when you look at the business and as you guys all know I am very in all when looking at the stuff 20 times a day and looking at the booking trend for 2014, I want to make sure I provide little bit of context. As you remember, and I have said this many times over the last couple of years especially since we have been public, I think focus of mine when we came out of the economic downturn in 2009 and 2010 was a very important focus on the booking curve and getting our business to be at a solid position when we come into the New Year and as we finished 2011, we had our best booked position that we have had going into 2012, and then as we finished 2012, we had actually even improved upon that as we went into 2013. So it is important to see you know that we put a lot of emphasis on that and we continue to do that. For this period now as we look at the booking patterns, we for the most part – I am going to break it into two stories, the first quarter and then I am going to say the rest of the year. So our booking position is solid and on par with last year or little bit ahead in some of the quarters except for the first quarter. The first quarter we are booked a little bit behind and it is a conscious decision by us and it is always a delicate balance between you want to be booked or you want to go for pricing and the situation that we are in right now is that we are booked slightly behind and there are a couple of reasons for that; one being that the Easter break which the big time off, as you know, especially, the Northeast is toward the end of April this coming year versus it was I think March 31 for 2013, so that booking momentum has changed a little bit into the second quarter. The other thing is that we are solidly priced in the first quarter of 2014, I would say that the pricing is above the mid-single digits to not give too much specificity to it, but so that – that is the balance that we are working through, we want to continue to push on pricing and, and you know – and keep a careful eye of course on the load. So that is really the booked position and I would say when you look at the Caribbean as a percentage of the booked position, we are pretty consistent with the booking position for the first quarter of 2014 with our overall position and you know having said that are we happy with it, I think I would like to see it a little bit stronger. We have a couple of things going on right now that is giving us some momentum so you know. Every week it is a critical time to look at everything and make sure we gauging everything and hopefully you guys have seen how we have done this in the past and you know industry leading pricing in the quarters and all the rest of it. So we are going to continue to run the business for the long term success of this business and we watch every single quarter but we are also keeping you know, a very careful eye on 2015 and 2016 and the next 10 years. Having said all that let me just give you a little bit of color on 2014, and yes it was a 60% increase in EPS that we are – just keep in mind that we are very early in the budget process, but I glean the information from what I’ve been able to see so far and we are couple of weeks from this time and I actually get into and go through a forensic review of every single lined item. But where I see it now and why I feel pretty comfortable that we will be at a 60% increase for 2014 as our yields the way I see today will grow with a yield increase of something that hopefully begins with 4 whether it’s, you know, the low 4s or the mid 4s, it’s too early to say, but I am comfortable to say that that’s yield side of it. On the per capacity day basis, we see that our costs – as we have told you that with the anniversary the dry docs that we had in 2013 we expect our per capacity day cost basis to come down by 1% to 2%. So there have been two big contributors into it. Wendy gave you a lot of color on the balance sheets that you could see where are interest cost is and then the depreciation, you just have to, you know, weight in the additional ship in there and the tax cost of the interest given the fact that we have an American ship will be in the range of 3% to 4% on a long term basis. In 2014 it will be a little bit less about 2% as we move through that converting from recouping losses to being in the earning side. That’s kind of how we get to the 60% increase in 2014 and as we get further into the year we will have a lot more color when we come back with the year end results there will be 12 more weeks of data and we could provide some more specificity behind that.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure, yes, so the way I came with the 60%, I took the midpoint of the guidance we had for 2013, which as a matter of fact we have gone from $20 to $40 when we first went out the guidance to that quarter $30 to $30 to this quarter $35 to $40. So each time we have raised up the lower end of that, so at the midpoint $37.5 and if you take 60% on top of that you get to, I believe, $220 and you know hopefully as we get more clarity on the environment we will build from there. But I think for the most part when you look at it and taking into account the consensus that we see the couple at large but you we are comfortable in that low to mid-220 range at this point, so that is that. For the first quarter you are right, you know we have the benefit of the breakaway for its first quarter and we also have the getaway coming in probably by the time we actually are diverting up to new which was not originally scheduled for a big event that we happened to be hosting in New York that I cannot talk about – that happens to be a big event in New York at the end of January, beginning of February which will go without any further clarity and then we come down to Miami, so it’s a partial quarter. But when you cut through and you look at the pricing that we expect on our new ships and then you look at the organic pricing, we are in the range of we have said is our long-term guidance. You know I would, 2.5% to 3% is probably the comfortable level that you could see, you know, the give or takes in the different ships and each one is behaving a little bit different, it’s never a straight line.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I think it’s a mix bag, I think. We are working from, as I said, with the load, we are balancing that but when I look at the pricing in the first couple of quarters in the Caribbean we have a healthy pricing environment right now. So you know it’s going to be you know let’s get through another few months to see how that continues along but we are managing at this capitol as possible and we are – you know it’s a promotional market now and you know we’re in there as well as everyone else and we are working our way through it. I suspect that as you know the consumer has a short-term memory and as we have had a pretty benign environment for now, a period of time, and as we get to the beginning of the wave season I expect that the consumers will remember the phenomenal value of a vacation and things will back more towards you know the expectations that we all have for 2014, and hopefully that will be a little bit of positive.
Kevin Sheehan: No, I think it is a little bit more promotional and I think you know we all want to make sure we are doing as best we can but we are working our way through it. I got to tell you this is the thing that I think everybody needs to remember that this is a competitive industry. Since I worked in here, we have had different markets that have been you know competitive and we work our way through them and then we get on to the next market and the next quarter and you know we all kind of focus absolutely on the things we need to do and as an industry I think that’s proven out to be you know the success of the industry over the long term.
Kevin Sheehan: Yeah, I think it’s been pretty consistent. You know, I would not say it’s like you know a huge difference in what it’s been from prior year. Fourth quarter is usually the time, you know, you will remember we build our businesses, but peak parts of the year are the second and third quarter and we will all work very hard to be thoughtful of that how we book our ships for the first and fourth quarter to be in a stronger position coming into them as possible and you know some of the stuff that has happened in the year has put us a little bit, you know, behind, so that’s why there is a little bit of heightened promotional activity but not enough to say it’s a different market.
Kevin Sheehan: Yeah, how you doing by the way. For 2014 European deployment it’s about 20% for the entire year as you know peaks a little bit in the second and third quarter as we have the Epic in there and we have a ship up in the Baltic, so that’s consistent with what we have this year. I made the conscious decision to stay with the ships and you know to be honest about we debated quite a bit about whether we should move the ship but something very critical to me was keeping consistency of our ships in the market, so that are travel agents knew where we were and they started to rely on us being more consistent and that helps our booking behaviors from the travel agents and the pricing has been, you know, a positive from the way we are looking at it today and are positioned in 2014, as we get out to the summer is loaded well, so we are feeling pretty good about Europe right now.
Kevin Sheehan: Remember but it’s after being down quite a bit as you know in the last couple of years, so we are just [indiscernible] our way back as an industry. 
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, on the first part of that, no, it’s just benign difference to be honest. You just could see that you know we were positive but just a little bit less positive than the expectation on the booking activity. So I think nothing to be you know overly concerned about. It’s just we could notice a little bit of you know distraction as you can imagine every time that some macro news that goes on and people are distracted a bit. On the second point, you know, those numbers are not any number we have ever talked about on the premiums on the new ships. We have already said that the premiums on the new ships are double digit. I think, you know, some of you guys in the industry have come up with sell side and the buy side that come up in numbers that are more specific than that but we have continued to say that we find that the new ships are pricing at about, you know, double digit premium to the Epic and the Epic has been pricing at a double digit premium to the rest of the fleet. So it’s kind of, you know, we ever seeing it and we do not see anything different from that right know.
Kevin Sheehan: Well, the only – I would say the getaway when we first went out, which is a normal thing, we price it really, really high and, you know, it’s such a natural thing. You are trying to attract in the beginning and then as you get close you start to gauge the supply demand and the booking curve and it just naturally moves that way as time goes by but nothing that was not expected.
Kevin Sheehan: And as far as the margin improvement, you know, when we look at our model the way we built it and just keep in mind that we are looking at the environment that we are in and, you know we are not building in Nirvana from an economic standpoint. And if you know the interest rate environment continues and oil prices continue and unemployment continues and housing starts and all the rest of the things that that play into the economy and people’s feelings about their spending behavior, if we have a return to a more normalized or an improved economic climate that would be something that would enable us to improve upon the 500 basis points. But what we look at when we see our, you know, same store kind of building in the new ships and running the business smartly and the lean management and all stuff that we have been talking about for years now, we see that – you know in the same economic situation growing by about 500 basis points.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I say, you know what, giving away it’s any trade secrets the ship is booking consistent with the expectations we had when determined that we were going to put it down here in Miami. It’s coming from you know various different markets, so that’s working consistent and you know I would say that is nothing that has happened that’s inconsistent with what we thought that you would when we first announced the ship.
Kevin Sheehan: So we least talked about the second question, and I will come back to the first. Yes, the 500 basis points when we look at the model through 2017 that is underpinning of that and then the other part of that is that will also enable us to double our return on invested capital and hit about 14%. So everything that we have been doing is consistent with that and will be consistent and you know we are you know going to work like Matt to make sure we deliver on those results. As far as the promotional environment and you know the pricing of the new ships versus the old, I think we still if we look at it as they said we have as you know strong pricing for the first quarter. And so I would say that nothing is really playing out different than what we expected and the organic ships are coming in, you know, kind of at the price improvements that we expected as well as the new ships, so I do not think anything has really changed the thesis.Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great, great. Thank you.
Kevin Sheehan: Well, I think the capacity we have in the market now is the biggest we have had in the history of this company. We have two ships year around in Europe and then the Epic in summertime seasonally over in the net and then we have ship up in the Baltic. That’s a comfortable position for us. So I am not sure, I see that changing too much in the short term but we have a lot of work that we do in analyzing itineraries and we price out every possible itinerary before we make the decision where we put our ships. So it’s a rigorous process and at the end of the day, you know, it’s where do we get best result and you know, so we have not announced anything yet for the upcoming itineraries. But I would not think that the European marked would be much different in the future than it is what we need to do a better job that no region is getting more Americans on those ships and we are working very hard on that and that will enable us to deliver even stronger on-board revenue and all the rest of it. So as you know the spending behavior is quite different for the rest of the Americans and versus Europeans.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, third quarter, we talked about the casino stuff, couple of new onsets in the third quarter. Fourth quarter which is starting out, you know we are starting the quarter strong. The first month you know we pretty much out of handle on where we are and I would say it exceeded our expectations and you know back more towards a normalized level. So you know to be dependent on how well we fill the ships over the next number of weeks for the fourth quarter, but you know we feel very confident with our on board revenue and the trends that we have had, you know we expect to continue. 
Kevin Sheehan: Okay, thanks everyone. Thanks for your time and support. We look forward to our next quarter if that is call and as always the Andrew and Wendy will be available to answer your questions and thanks for your support guys. And have a great Halloween. Take care.
