Frank J. Del Rio: Thanks, Wendy. As Wendy mentioned, 2016 is [shaping up to be another breakout year.] It's hard to believe that by the time of our next call we will have already welcomed Norwegian Escape into our fleet. Not only is she the largest and most ambitious ship in Norwegian's storied history, she's also one of the most popular as evidenced by a strong book position that has outpaced those of her recent predecessors. Her offerings from the first Margaritaville at Sea to our largest Haven complex will make her a fitting addition to Norwegian's innovative fleet. Norwegian's Escape addition also means that this current quarter will be the company's last organic quarter for some time as we layer in the expansion of the Norwegian, Oceania and Regent fleet throughout 2019. As our company grows with these latest additions, we'll continue to execute on our strategies which include the initiatives I spoke of today regarding creating scarcity of itinerary offerings to drive yield and taking full advantage of the Norwegian and Prestige combination to expand our international footprint. We believe these strategies combined with others focusing on driving yields and leveraging our scale will drive Norwegian's growth well into the future and keep us on track for our 2017 earnings target of $5 per share and the doubling of our ROIC from our IPO levels in 2013 to 14% by the end of 2018. Thank you all for your continued support. We'd like to go ahead and open up the call for questions.
Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you, Felecia. Yeah, by breakout year, I meant it in a very positive way. The 30% better book revenue is very healthy. It comes from both load factor improvement and pricing improvement. And we continue to see very strong onboard spend especially on our newer vessels. And as we stated in the release, we continue to see that double-digit premium of the newer vessels versus the legacy vessels. So, the Escape is booking well. The Explorer is booking phenomenally well, as is Sirena on the Oceania side. We've upped our synergies for 2015. That doesn't mean that we're giving up on finding additional opportunities. They're there. But as I'd mentioned earlier, we want to close the book on synergies, the define number and focus more on an ongoing business. So it just looks very, very strong, Felecia. The industry is strong. You've seen our colleagues also report strength and so there's a lot to be optimistic about.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, it's still the goal. And not only is it the goal, but I think we feel more confident than ever that we're going to get there. So, still a year away or more than a year away. We're focused on 2016 and 2016 looks very, very strong, which hopefully will lead to even a stronger 2017.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, it's a bit early, Harry to give you a whole lot of color on pricing, but as I said a little earlier to Felecia's question, we're seeing 2016 strength both in load factor and in pricing.
Frank J. Del Rio: That would be premature. We have not announced that we're going to China yet and so I'd rather stay away from answering specific questions. Time will come for us to make that call. But I agree that China is a different model than the rest of the world, although it is beginning to move more towards FIT bookings and the charter model. But it's been successful. I think you've heard the other lines several times now mention how their most profitable ships, their high yielding ships are based in China and everything that we have seen indicated that is correct and so we want in on that action. And like I said earlier, things are going well with our review and our assessment of the potential of China and Asia in general. And so, we will make the decision to go or not go earlier than we once thought. And I like to leave it at that for now.
Frank J. Del Rio: Not before 2017. If we decide to go to China, our ships will not arrive there in 2016 and 2017 at the earliest if we decide to go.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah, on prior calls we've said that we're going to invest in the onboard product, primarily in improving menus and we believe the way to a person's heart is through their stomach and so we want to make our food offerings the best they can be. We're also going to be investing monies in additional marketing to coincide with the new ad agency that we've contracted with. We want to keep the momentum going throughout 2016. Remember there's a new vessel coming on the Norwegian brand for 2017. And so, we believe that a combination of sales and marketing initiatives, primarily for the Norwegian brand, but some for the Prestige brand as well combined with an improvement in the onboard food product for the Norwegian brand is the overwhelming majority of that reinvestment.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes. We've said for some time now that we're in a better book position for the next six quarters over the last two quarters of the year and all of next year than we were at this time last year.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. And don't forget that of all the synergies we've talked about, we've never ascribed a single penny to improved pricing from a new go-to-market strategy that as we said earlier we see a 30% increase in revenue – book revenue year-over-year. So that also can be very much accretive to that basic $5. And my guess is that that would be the highest potential area to the $5 would be how much more pricing – ticket pricing we can see on the Norwegian brand because of the new strategy.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, relative to what the Prestige brands had done in Canada, the Norwegian brands had underperformed. And so we have geared up in Canada and are beginning to see positive results. Our international source business, and you can include Canada in that broad international space, is improving. So we like what we see in the international expansion. And we're glad that we've made those investments. It's beginning to pay off.
Frank J. Del Rio: That's something that we normally don't give out, especially not by brand. But we like very much where we are. We're substantially complete. Especially the Oceania and Regent brands which are booked much further out than the Norwegian brand does. So that's about all I can tell you about that. And for 2016, we're really excited because it's throughout the year and to have a 30% bump year-over-year within only 11% increase in capacity just gives you a feel for how robust the business is coming in and it's been that way for several months. This is a slow steady build up. And we're seeing slow steady buildup both in load and in price.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yes, so I'm very much involved in our Cuba strategy. We believe that once Cuba opens up totally, it's going to be a real windfall for the industry. Everyone is excited about China and I believe that Cuba can have a similar positive impact on the industry as a whole given its proximity to the United States and given that the Caribbean as a whole represents some 40% of the industry's deployment. We have applied for our OFAC license from the Department of U.S. Treasury. We've applied for our Commerce Department export license and are waiting to hear the positive results. And we've also engaged the Cuban government in the discussions necessary to obtain their permission as well. I don't know the timeline for any of those three licenses to come through, but I am hopeful that they will happen before the year is out. In terms of how quickly we can deploy a vessel, suddenly vessels – the availability of vessels comes into play, given how far in advance we're booked. As I stated earlier up 30% of book revenue for the following year. So I don't have an answer for you. It's going to be a nice problem to have to find a vessel that you move from an existing deployment to Cuba. By definition, given the infrastructure limitations, it looks like the first vessel that would go to Cuba would most likely come from the Oceania fleet as opposed to the large vessels or the larger vessels of the Norwegian fleet. So it's still very much a project that's in progress. This is very new to a lot of people both in the U.S. and in Cuba. And – but we're hopeful that, as I said earlier, the applicable permissions from both governments come soon. And then, we'll have an interesting dilemma on our hands of what vessel to deploy to Cuba and from where.
Frank J. Del Rio: You can never attribute any broad market move to any one particular action, but I do believe that on the broadest scale that the new go-to-market strategy focusing on value, not necessarily low price, taking prices up steadily over time, the strong messaging in the consumers – to consumers and travel agents alike, that this is a great deal, that travel agents are earning higher commissions on, because of higher pricing. It all works together and helps elongate the booking curve. So one of the things that we're seeing is part of that 30% increase in revenue is an elongation of the booking curve into 2016 quite significantly. So we're very happy about that. And in terms of Breakaway, Breakaway is doing great. She's behaving much like she behaved in prior years. Her pricing is up. The onboard spend, at least, through the month of July this year is double digits percentage wise, better than the core fleet. So Breakaway loves New York and New Yorkers love Breakaway.
Frank J. Del Rio: In terms of sourcing, I don't think it was any change. Remember that Norwegian has after delivery of Escape three more vessels coming, one in 2017, one in 2018, and one in 2019. So we need to expand all our channels. Don't want to take anything for granted. We want more demand, that's going to push up yields. And so, we think that Australia is an underserved market for the Norwegian brand and are excited to be able to open up our own office there to service all three brands and that we're able to recruit a very talented experienced executive to head up that office. In terms of Asia, the read-through is that other cruise lines have been successful in Asia. It's no longer a startup market, if you will. I think some of our competitors are now celebrating close to 10 years of being in China. And given that the Norwegian fleet has now grown or will have grown by 2019 to 17 vessels, it's time for us to take a look and deploy some of our tonnage there which we hope to be able to make that decision like I said in short order.
Frank J. Del Rio: ...duration in Q1. As the go-to-market strategy takes a hold and greater percentage of the bookings come as a result of that new strategy as opposed to legacy strategy for old bookings, the pricing improves and accelerates into the future. So Q1 is better than Q4 and Q2 is better than Q1, et cetera.
Frank J. Del Rio: Look, remember we took our lowest yielding seven-day product, which was our winter ship out of Houston and that's the one that's going to Asia for the Western market. So our risk reward factor is high. That's where marketing comes in. I think we're much more of a marketing focused company today than we might have been before and therefore we will make sure that our past guests who we are going to rely on quite a bit to fill these vessels in Asia, because of the pent-up demand. They've been on our Norwegian fleet across the world. They haven't been to Asia with us. The high producing travel agents not just in the U.S., but around the world who have been asking us to go to Asia. So no – and remember, one more thing, Asia, it is a seasonal deployment. So, there's a lot of pent-up demand that wants to go to Asia over a 4.5 to 5 month period of our lowest yielding product that it replaces. So, I think it all points up very positively. And I'm sorry, but I didn't get your second question.
Frank J. Del Rio: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for your time and support. As always, we'll be available to answer your questions later today. All the best. Bye, bye.
Wendy A. Beck: Sure. I'll handle that. So about two-thirds of the $10.9 million is related to termination and break fees, for example, a large item in there is the breaking the casino contract that Prestige had, so that we could bring it in-house and handle the casino similarly to how we've handled Norwegian and successfully grown it through the years. And the other third is related to integration costs and SOX compliance to really get Prestige SOX-compliant. But also as we integrate all of our programs together, we've got a big push here that we've got to have that done by the end of the year.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah. They're actually two different expenses. It happens to be the same number. So I don't know if you want me to clarify anything more on that, but there actually is some offsets in there too. So we've got a loss of $10 million related to the certain hedge contracts, and then we also have had $9.4 million that's related to the Explorer exchange that's offsetting that. So that's in there. And then we also have the $10 million for the MGO fuel cost because we're going to have to now burn the more expensive fuel towards the back half of the year. So it just happens to be similar amounts.
Wendy A. Beck: That's correct. And then the other thing to note is that, there is additional amounts that we'll actually see in 2016 and 2017, but that will mitigate. So it will be an additional $15 million in fuel expense into 2016 and $10 million into 2017. Three of the ships that are getting scrubbers put on them will actually be online by the second half of next year – actually in the first half before we get to June. And so, then it starts to taper down and then the remaining scrubbers will go out into 2017.
Wendy A. Beck: And the other thing that I would add in is that – that also assumes $790 million in debt pay downs, so we've got that money out there as we message numerous times to either pay down debt or buy back shares. So, we've got some options there.
Wendy A. Beck: Yes. So the hedge percentage actually goes down because now it's the remainder that is left in, that's getting hedge accounting, that percentage is related to the HFO that we will actually burn for the remainder of the year and so that's the cause of it going down. You will not see that change, so it's now at 48% for 2015, 54% for 2016. And you probably have noticed that we've layered in some additional hedges in the back two years, now moving up to 44% in 2017. But the change down is purely related to the de-designation of our accounting hedges.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, so third quarter definitely would be the highest and then fourth quarter obviously we're moving a lot into the Caribbean. And then as far as cadence, I can tell you on a full year basis, $0.01 change on the yield impact for the euro would be 4.3 bps. The pound is about 2.0 bps, Canadian 3.5 bps, and Australian at 2.1 bps.
Wendy A. Beck: Okay, great. So first off, no, you don't want to be backing out the deferred revenue. We actually show that in the adjustments to add it back in to show what the real revenue power is of the company as opposed to how you have to account for it in the acquisition. Regarding our onboard revenue, in general, we've been seeing very robust onboard revenue in the company. If you segregate out the European-sourced customers, it's down but it's marginal and overall we're seeing strong onboard revenue throughout our fleets. And then, regarding how we account for it, we're allocating that on a retail value. So if you're selling the bucket, it's being allocated equally based on the retail values to both ticket and onboard on a GAAP basis.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah, so clearly taking our full year and you can get to the implied numbers. But they are accelerating in Q4. Q4 in the prior year was a weaker quarter for us. But you will see some nice yield growth in our Q4 this year. You guys can all back into the numbers.
Wendy A. Beck: And the other thing I would say is I would stay focused on the constant dollars, I mean, there has definitely been a shift with currency fluctuating the way it has this year that we're really – to really look at our true results. We're saying look more at the constant dollar. The other thing is on the net cruise cost based on the guidance in Q3, the implied number for net cruise cost is down from where it is at Q3 to get to our full year number.
