Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Wendy. We recently unveiled that several of the cutting-edge and high-tech focused entertainment features and offerings, that have already proved popular aboard Norwegian Joy, will also be part of the guest experience on Norwegian Bliss. These include the largest electric car racetrack at sea, a half-acre outdoor laser tag course, and the brand’s largest and most exciting aqua park featuring ocean loops and aqua racer waterslides. New and popular dining venues and lounge concepts also abound on Bliss with the Q-Texas Smokehouse, elevated Mexican cuisine in Los Lobos and the latest outlets of Margaritaville at Sea and The Cellars in Michael Mondavi’s family wine bar. As I stated earlier, even prior to the announcement of these incredible new offerings, Norwegian Bliss was already the best booked positioned ship in both load and pricing in our company’s history. We expect her strong performance to continue, supported by the marketing initiatives and media coverage surrounding these unique and special features as well as the inaugural activities that will occur midway through 2018. And lastly, before turning the call over to Q&A, I wanted to cover one recent significant milestone for our company. Last month, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings was selected to join the S&P 500 Index. This is a particularly significant achievement for a company that has been trading in the public equity market for less than five years and highlights our solid track record of consistent and improved financial performance. This accomplishment is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the entire team at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, from our shipboard officers and crew to our shore-side employees and our supportive Board of Directors. With that, I’d like to open the call for questions.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, Felicia. Yes, look, China is a very exciting and dynamic place. We now have a full four months of experience under our belt, which we appreciate, we’re enjoying. But it is still a work in process, not just for us but for the industry, quite frankly. You have to look at China as a long-term investment that needs nurturing. And as all long-term investments, there’s going to be ups and downs and bumps on the road that some of them that we have seen. But it is important to talk about some of these bumps so that it can be addressed. And so that is the point that I had made earlier. But we’re very, very pleased with the performance of Joy. She is performing in line. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re profitable in China. And I think that ought to be recognized that a brand-new ship with a brand-new brand that enters this incredible potential market can be profitable in its first year of operation. Mind you, only really a half year of operation because we introduced Joy literally on July 1st, so very pleased with that. For 2018, there are reasons to be excited. The -- it will be the first year that capacity is down in China. So anytime you have flat to lesser capacity, those that remain in the marketplace should enjoy some renewed strength on the demand side. And of course, the renewed conversation about South Korea can only help. As I think you’ve heard me say many times before, the number one leading driver of yields is itineraries. And so if we can bring South Korea back to our itineraries, they will improve the itineraries, make it more attractive to consumers, and I think that will help pricing, so very encouraged by that potential development.
Frank Del Rio: Well, you just defined revenue management, Greg. Look, I can’t think of a major operating arena that is not performing well for 2018. The Caribbean is strong. We did have that six week interruption, but she’s come back roaring. Europe, as I said several times in my prepared remarks, is very, very strong both in load and in pricing, especially in pricing. Alaska continues a string of several years now where performance is just incredible, and in our case, it’s helped by Bliss. Bliss is attracting incredible demand and reflected in price, so all markets are performing really, really well. All source markets are particularly performing well led by North America, but the Eurozone is also contributing very, very strongly. I would tell you that while we are meaningfully ahead in both load and in pricing, the star performer of those two metrics is pricing. So we clearly see that we’re ahead in pricing, and we’re very alert to be able to raise pricing along the way. And each of the brands are ahead again meaningfully in pricing versus same time last year. And that’s very, very promising that we’re ahead at this point, as we are about to approach 2018, meaningfully ahead in load and that it’s also translating to strong pricing. So it’s a good situation, Greg.
Frank Del Rio: Look, during the actual two weeks when the hurricanes were affecting the areas and for the next three to four weeks immediately afterwards, the marketplace was no -- it was in no mood to book anything in the Caribbean. And that is certainly reflected in the slowdown in the bookings that we took. And so we thought it was not effective to do much marketing during that time frame. And so promotional activity was pretty much a nonfactor during that two weeks during and the immediate aftermath. Once the islands began to announce that they were coming back and there was not front-page news, we did initiate some promotional activity that would have probably been a little more aggressive than we would have taken had the hurricane not taken place, because we needed to trigger the -- and spur additional momentum. That additional promotional activity will end right at Thanksgiving. And from Thanksgiving forward through Q1, our promotional calendar is exactly what it would have been, had the hurricane not taken place. Because we see the lost business that didn’t materialize during that six week period, we ought to be back to call it par.
Frank Del Rio: The necessary conditions to sell direct was to obtain what is referred to as the operational license. And we’re pleased to report that just in the last 10 days, we’ve obtained it. So now we go into that mode of trying to, in essence, monetize that opportunity. As you recall, we have a relationship with Alibaba that had sort of been on hold until we received this operational license. We really like the potential that the Alibaba relationship can bring us. I don’t need to tell you of Alibaba’s prowess in ecommerce in China, their prowess in data mining. And we believe that among 1.4 billion Chinese consumers, that only 2 million cruise a year, data mining is very important, perhaps more important than it is in -- certainly more important than it is in the Western world. So we are very conscious about that opportunity and look forward to researching all the opportunities that having that relationship with Alibaba brings. And look, if it can be achieved, certainly having another strong channel to distribute our brand’s products directly to the consumer, where the cruise line has more influence, more control of the pricing, would be a good thing. And we also think that having that platform will help our travel agent partners by being able to promote our product that they have chartered or contracted for, to be able to sell it through that very popular platform, is a win-win for everyone.
Frank Del Rio: The quick answer is no, Mark. Cuba remains the star of the show for the year. The booking curve continues to behave like a booking curve of a much longer, more exotic destination. As you know, typically booking curve for 3 and 4-day cruises, the Bahamas, is very, very short. The Cuba itineraries have proven that to be just wrong. And in terms of pricing, while I won’t give you a number, I would just tell you that it is substantial -- the demand that there is for Cuba and the way we’ve been able to take up pricing and demand continues. Onboard spend, primarily because of shore excursions on the island, are much stronger than they would have been on our Bahamas-only 4-day cruise. So as you know, during the last 3 or 4 months that the administration has issued several different directives regarding Cuba, the one you mentioned of the travel warning -- for the first week or so, we probably had more chatter on the calls, people wanting to know what it really meant more than anything else. We didn’t see a real slowdown in bookings, just more chatter and more questions. And then of course, yesterday’s OFAC regulations that were issued cleared up a lot of the mystery and a lot of the concerns that some people had, which is very, very good for the cruise industry. I think yesterday’s regulations clearly show that going on a cruise to Cuba is the easiest and less hassle-free way to visit the island.
Frank Del Rio: Look, there’s no question that if we had, had a crystal ball, had we known that 2017’s booking environment was going to be as strong as it ends up being that we would have raised prices sooner. So, yes, we probably left money on the table because the -- you have to understand that the improvement in the European booking environment was very, very quick and very dramatic from what we saw throughout 2016 as a result of all the geopolitical events that happened in Europe. It’s difficult for me to quantify how much higher our yield growth would have been, how much higher our profits would have been had we had that crystal ball. But look, we’re very pleased with the results as they are. We had more capacity in Europe in 2017 than we had, had in the past, primarily at the Norwegian brand because of Getaway’s redeployment from the Caribbean to the Baltic. For 2018, let’s just say that we learned our lesson a bit because that strong environment that we saw developing throughout ‘17 has continued in ‘18. And so we have been more quick to the punch, if you will, to start off ‘18 with a higher price point, and we continue moving it up. So 2017, we reached, we broached the high-water mark of 2015. So certainly the trend is positive. ‘17 hit an all-time high, and we expect 2018 yields to beat 2017. So Europe is a good news story right now.
Frank Del Rio: No question. I think you heard me say that through modifying the delivery of our product, how we market our product in international markets, primarily in Europe, from just a naked cruise to a bundled product, we’ve been able to raise prices in a way that has not detracted from our ability to generate more volume. So our volume, just in outright numbers of bookings, have increased in the teens in -- during 2017. And as I said earlier, from a pricing perspective, we’re indifferent whether the guest books from Germany, the UK, France or Minnesota. But certainly, Harry, the proof will be when you have to stress test that situation, and a lot will depend on how severe the geopolitical events are. I’m happy to report that this year, 2017, we’ve had several geopolitical events in Europe, several in London. We had Barcelona. And we haven’t seen any interruptions in business whatsoever. Of course, they weren’t as severe as what we saw in ‘16. And you can make an argument that perhaps the American consumer has become a little insensitive, if you will, as taking these kinds of events more in stride. But certainly, so far, 2017 has proven to be a strong booking period for both in-year Europe business and for 2018 business.
Frank Del Rio: No, my views haven’t changed in terms of capital. I think the Chinese consumer is a consumer who knows exactly what they want. We know that the Chinese consumer is the world’s largest consumer of upscale luxury products. And if you’re going to compete effectively in China, you got to have your best hardware there. And so we’re glad that the Joy is there and -- can compete as effectively as she does. Some of the learnings, of course, we’ve learned; we’ve learned a lot and we continue to learn. We are surprised, pleasantly surprised perhaps, at the volume of people. The Joy has the highest occupancy of any of our ships, especially in the peak season when it’s primarily families and multigenerational groups coming online. And so one thing that we learned that you might chuckle at is they sure like to eat. And so our food costs in China are a little bit higher than we originally expected because they do enjoy their meals. We like to find ways to introduce shore excursions, quite frankly, into the product mix. As you know, shore excursions and the ability to enjoy a destination is a key component of why people take vacations around the world. And in China thus far, it is not very popular. The typical Chinese consumer wants to go to the Japanese islands that we visit, or hopefully South Korea as well in the future, to shop. And while that helps certainly our onboard revenue in the shops is 60% more space on Norwegian Joy than our typical Breakaway-class vessel, and that shopping mentality certainly helps our onboard retail, we would love to see shore excursions be brought into the mix. Because we think it helps diversify the product. I think the word of mouth back home would be even better when they go back and tell their friends and family what a wonderful time they had on the ship because of the onboard experience, and also the experiences on shore. And because shore, quite frankly, is a high margin item that we promote. So there are areas that need improvement in China, and I think those have been relatively well-documented. The distribution system needs to be broader. We hope to achieve some of that through the comments I made earlier about our relationship with Alibaba and now that we have the operational license. But certainly, China is a work in process. You got to keep your eye on the big picture, and that is, there’s 1.4 billion people, the world’s fastest-growing economy, miles and miles and miles of coastline, a government that is supportive of the cruise industry being a major part of their citizenship’s vacation plans. And so you have to be excited about the potential in China, and we certainly are.
Frank Del Rio: Stay tuned, Steve. It’s coming. We’re very happy to see our peers doing what they’re doing. I think it’s just a reflection of consumers in their everyday life because at the end of the day, what you see on board cruise ships is that as we’ve evolved throughout the years, how we’ve evolved in building ships and the lifestyle onboard, it’s just a reflection of what’s going on in their everyday lives. So today, it’s a digital world, and the migration from an analog world to a digital world occurred some time ago. It’s just that the pace of acceleration has sped up. And so I’m pleased to see what others are doing, we’re going to be -- we will be announcing our strategy very, very soon. I don’t think that an earnings call is the best way to -- the best time to announce it. We want to get our marketing bang for our buck. But in the meantime, we’re very, very pleased at the investments we’ve made in technologies that customers can enjoy very interactively. And I’d point out to the Galaxy Pavilion that we’ve rolled out in -- on Norwegian Joy. It has every conceivable high-tech, state-of-the-art, virtual reality game and experience that’s available in the world today. And it is jampacked every day, and we plan on rolling that out on -- in the future. And of course, the icon, if you will, of Joy is the racetrack, has proven very, very popular. Who would have thought just 5, 10 years ago, that you could have a 1,000-foot track -- racetrack of two stories, eight turns, zipping miles per hour in the middle of the ocean. So those kinds of technological advances have proven very popular for us. And we expect to engage and be competitive and like I said, stay tuned for more.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, especially with our Leonardo project ship starting to roll in, in 2022. We can certainly see where having additional tonnage in Hawaii would pay off, no question.
Frank Del Rio: I don’t think they’re preventing. I think that the way the chartering agents are selling the product in many ways is being sold as a shopping tour, a shopping excursion, as opposed to a cruise in the full sense of the word that we in the Western world would look at it. So I see it as a huge opportunity to start educating consumers, or start educating the travel agents, that there is a whole opportunity beyond just shopping. But of course, part of the issue is the itineraries. You -- the consumer likes short cruises, 4-day cruises. And with South Korea not being part of the mix, that means you must spend 2 days at sea, 1 to get to the island from Shanghai, and then 1 to get back to Shanghai, which if shopping is important to them, doesn’t leave much time for anything else. So we believe that hopefully when South Korea comes back on, that there’ll be more of a balance to these short cruises, between not just shopping excursions, but also visiting these places for the wonderful cultural historical features that they have available.
Frank Del Rio: No, no heresy. We’re focused on the high-end markets through our Oceania and Regent brands on flight cruises, where we believe that, that by definition, the high-end consumer wants a more rigorous Western-flavored cruise experience to places like Europe or Alaska, South America than just coastal cruises. So the emphasis on the high end is primarily in the Oceania, Regent flights cruises to distant places. And it’s working very well. It’s one of our fastest-growing -- small numbers, mind you, but fastest-growing source markets for those 2 brands.
Frank Del Rio: It’s like any other cost. Management isn’t incentivized to any greater degree on the China vessel as any other vessel.
Frank Del Rio: No, not, really. I mean, there’s relatively few vessels in China and certainly lesser number coming out of China. I don’t believe that the increase in Alaska or in Europe from those vessels will change the supply/demand dynamic. Look, cruise lines chase yield. It is a fixed-cost business. And certainly Europe and Alaska is performing well. And I could certainly understand why certain lines are making the changes they’re making. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Frank Del Rio: No, no. Both Oceania and Regent are again performing very, very well for 2018. They’re ahead in both load and pricing with pricing certainly taking center stage for them. There’s no new capacity at the Oceania brand, no new capacity at the Regent brand. The markets are strong where they operate primarily in peak periods, meaning Europe and Alaska. And so as you would expect, we’re taking up pricing nicely.
Frank Del Rio: Well, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your time, thank you for your support. As always, we will be available later in the afternoon to answer your questions. Thanks again.
Wendy Beck: Yes. So in general, what I would say is the hurricanes cost us about $0.12 for the back half of the year, of which $0.06 is for Q3, $0.06 is for Q4. And the way I would look at that is the vast majority of the $0.06 in Q3 was revenue-related, primarily due to canceled sailings. And the vast majority of the $0.06 in Q4 is expense-related.
Wendy Beck: So we are pleased to be sub-4 times at this point on a leverage standpoint, and we are very focused right now of getting down into the low 3 times. So plan that for the majority of ‘18 anyways as we continue to delever at a pretty rapid pace. We do still have 264 million availability under our share repurchase program. We have that, and we can remain opportunistic using that. But we are primarily focused on deleveraging at this point once we get to the low threes. And at that point, it -- I think you would see a combination of things, both a dividend program as well as share repurchases.
Wendy Beck: So regarding the direct impact. I think the thing to note is that we changed the majority of our itineraries. And so we are calling new ports, and that has -- that’s got a significantly higher port cost, operating cost due to changing those itineraries and not passing that along to the guests. Also, we’ve got quite a bit of humanitarian supplies baked into that cost as well as displacement expenses for guests, activation, mobilization for our shore-side teams. And then to stimulate the demand, as Frank talked about earlier, it’s a whole number of marketing initiatives that was really focused on stimulating demand for both Q4 and Q1 sailings. And the good news is it -- we have seen those marketing efforts come to fruition as bookings are now virtually back to pre-hurricane levels.
Wendy Beck: Yes. So the Gem expense is a technical issue with one of the azipods. And there are -- it’s probably about half revenue, half expense. But it’s logistics, it’s airfreight costs, technical teams, a number of expense items in getting that ship back up and running as well as canceled sailings.
Wendy Beck: So regarding fuel costs right now with the latest data that we have, fuel costs will actually be up slightly on a dollar basis year-over-year. And post our refinancing that actually closed in Q4, our interest will now be up roughly 10% whereas you may recall in the past, I said it was more like 15%. Regarding net cruise cost in general, we tell everybody to look at net cruise cost growth somewhere in that 1% to 2% range. We do have the benefit of bringing in the large Norwegian capacity. But then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’ve got the additional cost related to the heavy lifting on the final year of the Norwegian Edge program as well as the Regent revitalization program, which is not only more dry-dock days but heavy lifting as well with that.
Wendy Beck: Okay, so that’s a great question. And I’m glad you asked that because comp and China costs should be on par year-over-year. So you won’t see that stepping up. You’ll now see that just rolling over year-over-year.
Wendy Beck: Yes, great questions. So we have done a lot to work on driving costs out of that line, but that has not been at the expense of the travel agent. It’s really been in negotiating the other costs such as port fees, credit card fees, etcetera, things that actually fall into the expense lines. But specific to this quarter, what you’re really seeing is more channel efficiency. There’s less reliance on the OTAs. If you look at where we were in Q3 of ‘16 versus Q3 of ‘17, in Q3 of ‘16 we had much more capacity to still load. It was a much more urgent situation post all of the geopolitical events, whereas we have been well booked all year long less reliance and more efficient use of the travel agencies.
