Mark Kempa: Sure. Thanks, Jessica. And it's very exciting to have this new engagement platform being utilized by our broad shareholder base. So nice step forward. Look, we feel good about our liquidity position today, which is north of $2.2 billion. And as I said, that consisted of cash of $1.2 billion and the $1 billion undrawn commitment. As I said in my prepared remarks, based on our current projections and trajectory, we do believe we will be able to meet our liquidity needs organically. So far, despite the heightened concerns around the economy, we have not seen any signs of a pullback from our target consumer. We continue to believe that we are better -- relatively better positioned in the event of an economic downturn given our brands skewed to the higher end of their respective market categories. And that results in a more upmarket consumer, which typically has been very resilient to weaker economic environments. So we'll continue to monitor the evolving landscape, and we're preparing for multiple scenarios. But overall, we feel confident that if faced with challenges, we will demonstrate our resilience as we have done so many times in the past.
Mark Kempa: Patrick, this is Mark. I touched on that last quarter. So if you recall, as part of our overall Free at Sea and part of our broader bundling package we introduced a significantly new air program. So we started to see some of the cost of that flowing through in the second quarter. And then, of course, if you look at the third quarter, that's where most of our ships are often the more premium and exotic itinerary. So you do see a higher cost of air component within that. That said, on a net-net basis, it does drive better overall net revenue per diems, and that's certainly evidenced by our performance in the last 2 to 3 quarters.
Mark Kempa: Robin, it's Mark. So I'm going to hold Frank back off on that one because I think if you recall last quarter, we said it was going to be a onetime data point. So I have to be the bad guy in the room. Look, our pricing, as we said 30 days ago, is significantly up. We reiterated that today in our release. It's up. I cannot give you a range. We gave you the onetime data point. We did say that -- we would expect that to level off, but it's up significantly. And again, that is all part of our phased ramp-up strategy. We're protecting price. We want the consumer to pay more. Yes, are we -- is there an offset in the very short term that we are sacrificing a small amount of load factor. Yes, we've said that, but that is part of our strategy. We expect to be back at normalized load factors in the second -- for the second quarter of next year. So we are right on path. We are right on track with our intentional actions. And all I can tell you is that pricing is up, and that continues to show in both our actual results. And if you recall in my prepared remarks, I said that gross pricing is expected to be up 20% in Q4. So if you think about that, you can kind of get an idea of where we're trending. But all signs are looking good for next year.
Mark Kempa: Yes, great question. So look, if we look at Q3, where our cost came in and if you do the math and you imply where Q4 is, it's coming down slightly. Look, it's going to be a tapering down. And what I would broadly guide you to is that when you look at FY '23, certainly not in the first quarter, but when you look at the year on a whole, you're probably looking at net cruise costs down at least mid-single digits from the prior year. And obviously, we expect to do better than that. But you have to really look at the composition of what's going in there. And if you look at the third and fourth quarter, we do still have some trailing COVID-related costs, whether it's testing, additional crew, that is tapering off in the quarter. So we did see some ramping down in Q4 related to that. In Q3, we had a significant launch of the new class of vessel, Prima. That's a drag on cost. But the other thing to keep in mind, too, is that starting next year or in '23, we no longer have quarantine cabins that are out of service. So while - and that's a double impact because if you think about that in '22 and especially in Q3 and Q4, from a unit cost standpoint, that impacts our denominator from a capacity day basis.  So by the mere fact that we have -- we are putting those cabins back into revenue sale mode, so to speak, for 2023, it will inherently reduce our unit cost but we're also going to get the benefit from additional revenue. So there's a lot of moving parts in 2022. It's just, as I said before, it's a bit of a noisy and bumpy year. But I'll go back to the expectation that at least we expect mid-single-digit decreases and we're going to do everything in our power to do much better than that.
Mark Kempa: I won't let you do the math, but I did say in my prepared remarks that we expect cost to be up versus '19 and '23. Recall, we did not have the benefit of removing any older ships from the fleet nor did we have the benefit of selling any higher operating cost brands vis-a-vis some of the broader industry. So when I'm talking about at least what I -- my commentary on mid-single digits, that's off where we are in terms of run rate for Q3 and Q4 of this year, not the entire FY '22.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Sorry about that. Yes, you're absolutely right. So Look, as we said in our earnings release, we do have a slight delay with the LEO 3 and 4 class vessels. And that is strictly 100% as a result of shipyard delays from supply chain constraints. I think on average -- those ships are being delayed on average by about 4 to 5 months each vessel. So that just really just simply pushes some of your CapEx from '24 to '25 and so forth. So a little bit of an opportunity. Certainly, not a huge shift, but given where the world is today, we think that's okay. And that's going to further help us when we think about next year of having -- over the next couple of years, having slightly better lower CapEx that should provide more cash to the business.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Look, I think when you look at the cadence, while it is still a bit early to give exact guidance on cadence, we're still going through all of our operating plans internally. I think it's fair to say that Q1 is going to be probably a bit higher than Q2 would be. And then naturally, I think we're going to start to see more scale in Q2 and Q3. So you're going to continue to see a downward trend. And as you're looking at your models, keep in mind, we do have 3 new ships that we're taking delivery of next year. So there will be some start-up costs related to those. So just keep that in mind. But it's going to be a downward slope next year. And you're going to -- we're already starting to see that take effect. Look, as we look into 2024, we're going to continue to garner scale benefit as we take on new capacity. We believe that throughout the course of 2023, we're going to find opportunities, and we're rightsizing the business from some of the cost creep that we've just seen over the last 2 to 3 years. We've had to take hard looks at ourselves and make sure we're doing all the right things.  Our first and foremost, we wanted to make sure we were getting back operating in a healthy and safe manner. We've done that. We're doing it. Now we're focusing on what does it take to deliver that product. So we are focused on it. we're attacking it from every angle. But you're going to -- it will be a slow downward trend, and -- But too early to comment on 2024, but just on the surface, we will see some scale benefit.
Mark Kempa: Vince, absolutely not. We've talked about this before. And I'm not going to sit here and tell you today that there is not near-term pressure on margins. We've said there is. We acknowledge that, I'd be a fool not to say that. But I think when you look out over the course of the next year or 2 and you look at where the business is going and where the costs will settle, right? This hyperinflationary environment cannot last forever. And we are taking actions internally as well to ensure that we're rightsizing all of the cost of the business. But more importantly, we believe the operating leverage of this industry and more particularly our company is intact. Is it going to be there in the next quarter or 2, I think that's going to be a challenge. But when you look over the next 1 to 2 years, certainly, we believe this industry gets back to pre-COVID margin levels and plus. But as I said in my remarks, it is not going to be an overnight flip of the switch. So it's going to take some time. But without a doubt, this industry, we believe, is intact from a margin perspective.
Mark Kempa: Vince, it's Mark. So you're absolutely right. When you look at the last 2 to 3 quarters, the differential between gross to net has been about anywhere from 8 to 9 points, I think, when you look at the second and third quarter. So if you look at where our implied guidance is for Q4 and you do the math, you're probably going to get to a spread of about 7 points. So our best view of everything we can see, given the bundling, getting back to normalized load factor levels and full ships, it's probably going to be somewhere in the zone of that 7 to 8-point differential on a run rate basis. Now could it be higher or lower in a particular quarter, it may be a point or 2. But I think generally speaking, we're looking at somewhere around that 7-point differential.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Ivan. We continue to see that. Certain categories are trending down and they're starting to get into their historical averages. We're not -- certainly not where we would like them to be or need them to be, but we are seeing continued momentum in there. But I wish it was quicker, but we're at the mercy of the rest of the world. But again, we're seeing positive momentum on that front.
Frank Del Rio: No, I think it will be an extraordinary wave season. It's already started, 10 days doesn't make a trend necessarily. But the last 10 days, the Norwegian brand had its best 10-day streak ever, ever. And I think that's going to carry on throughout the fourth quarter and into wave. Wave is -- it is a consumer event, but travel agents get behind it. And travel agents haven't had a wave in 3 years, and they're excited. And when I see travel agent is excited, I can't help but join them. So I really think that the next 4 months, 5 months into the end of March, which is typically the end of the wave season are going to be exceptionally strong booking periods.
Frank Del Rio: I think it's a little bit of both, Dan, especially the Norwegian brand has pivoted to longer, more exotic, higher-yielding itineraries that book earlier, there's no such thing as a good close in bookings, and that's one of the things that we're trying to get away from. It's part of the strategy over the paying NCF. By the way, I feel to mention that NCFs are only paid commission if the booking is more than 120 days from booking date. And there's a big demarcation of the quality, the pricing of a booking that is made early rather than close in. But yes, we've made no bones about that we hold price. We lead the industry by such a wide margin on price that it's almost untouchable and we continue to grow. You see what we've done in second quarter, third quarter of this year compared to our peers, what we're projecting for Q4. We're projecting for 2023. That is the central theme of our go-to-market strategy, and we accomplish it by marketing to fall by bundling and by having top line product on board. So that's going to continue. It is core to our strategy. it's price, price, price. And that's why, as Mark mentioned, we have taken a very disciplined approach to filling. We don't care if we're behind others by a quarter or 2 in terms of load factor, we simply won't sacrifice price because we've seen historically that those who drop prices to ridiculous levels in order to fill take years, if not decades, to recover, and we're simply not prepared to do that.
Frank Del Rio: That's our secret sauce, Vince, if I tell you, everyone will do it. But I will tell you that there are just dozens, dozens of either underpenetrated or places that we simply don't go because we don't have enough vessels. Just in the U.S., there are cities in the U.S. that are historically very strong source markets that we don't have a vessel, either seasonally or at least -- or year round. And we think that with new vessels coming online, we'll be able to do that. Alaska, where we've made huge investments in land-based infrastructures and ports, we're still underpenetrated. The Norwegian brand, for example, only has 4 vessels there. Oceania and Regent only one each. Our competitors have multiples of that. And the reason for that is, is that we need to be in other places.  So we see Alaska, we see Europe as growth markets. We believe South America is becoming very, very interesting, greater demand for South American ports. Asia has taken a backseat over the last couple of years because of the COVID situation there. But I got to tell you, Japan is red hot for us. Australia is red hot. And so I'm excited about the possibility of going to new places with new ships and continuing to just feed the beast of high-yielding itineraries. You've heard me say before, Vince, itineraries is the #1 driver of yield. And we think that we do itineraries better than most, and we'll continue to do so.
Frank Del Rio: And Vince, that's why maintaining those high prices is so important because we can control that or at least we can greatly influence pricing and the relationship between marketing and sales and all our distribution channels, whereas do you acknowledge that we don't control the cost of fuel, but we don't really control the cost of beef or carrots or onions or a lot of other things that we consume. And unless you're prepared to slash and burn the product, which will in turn affect your pricing, the best way to control margins or influence margins positively is through pricing, which is what we do.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, James, it would have looked a lot better. If you look back at all the major changes that took place starting in early June when the U.S. government no longer required people to test to get back into the country. That was a huge one. It was only 4 or 5 months ago, I think we all want to put COVID so far behind us that we forget some of these major milestones that occurred just very recently. Then of course, the CDC dropping their protocols and allowing us to do what we're doing now, that all has contributed to less friction with consumers, bringing travel agents back to the fold, so to speak. And so that's why I'm so excited about this upcoming wave period because it doesn't have all the burdens that the last 2 or 3 had. But specifically to your question about Q3 pricing and Ukraine, look, if you had asked me what is the single city in the world, port in the world that you cannot live without, I'd tell you it's St. Petersburg, and we lost it. Very, very high yields, incredible shore excursion sales. So onboard revenue was just higher than any other itineraries that I can think of, relatively long season. You can get to St. Pete in the Baltic in mid-May and you can leave in mid-September. So it's a real blow. It's a real blow. And so by -- we kept most of the ships there, although 1 vessel came out of the Baltic, and we send it to the Caribbean, which is about as extreme from one to the other that you can think of. So it did affect load factors and no question, it affected pricing. And the impact on EBITDA has to be in the tens of millions of dollars.
Frank Del Rio: Yes, I think it is a tailwind for several reasons. One, it was until midsummer that Americans were allowed back into the U.S. unless they had to test. And so this revenge travel or pent-up demand that we've been talking about for months is really alive and well for Americans going to Europe. And we want Americans going to Europe because they do sell the -- buy the highest cabin categories book early and also because of the strength of the dollar. I mean, going to Europe now, even though you do pay -- Americans do pay in dollars for our cruises here, they're going to spend a lot more money and enjoy themselves a lot more once they get to Europe. So we do believe that Europe is poised for an incredible 2023 season. That's why we increased our capacity there by 6 percentage points of occupancy at the expense of the Caribbean. And I'll take that trade all day long because the yields both on ticket and on onboard revenue are so dramatically better for European cruises that we'll take that trade.
Frank Del Rio: No change at all. The vast majority of our onboard crew come from Asia, not from Eastern Europe. Things have changed. 20 years ago, it was Western Europeans, became Eastern Europeans. Now it's primarily Asian. So no positive question whatsover. We have an -- operator, question for 1 more -- time for one more question, please.
Frank Del Rio: We're seeing it in experiences. So our casino is doing really, really well. We're going to give Vegas a run for their money. People are enjoying the destinations. We have industry-leading itinerary. So show excursion business is up. Our cuisine is second to none, and people are enjoying cuisines. But even our spa, our spa is doing very, very well. And so I'm happy for the folks over at One World Spa.
Frank Del Rio: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We ran a little bit over time, but those were all great questions, and we were happy to have the opportunity to answer them. As always, our team will be standing by to answer any of your questions. Have a great day, everyone.
