Mark Kempa: Thank you, Frank. Our remarks today will focus on the continued execution of our COVID-19 financial action plan, our liquidity profile and our all-important phased voyage resumption plan. I am pleased with the significant progress we've made on our return to cruising.  As Frank mentioned, we are here in Seattle ready to relaunch Norwegian Encore tomorrow. We have a comprehensive voyage resumption plan in place and are focused on the execution of this phased relaunch.  We expect to have 8 ships, representing approximately 40% of our total capacity, operating by the end of the third quarter and 17 ships, representing approximately 75% of our capacity, by year-end. The last ship, Oceana's Nautica, will emerge better than new after an extensive dry dock and reinspiration and join the rest of the fleet on April 1, 2022.  While we've reached several important milestones in our road to recovery, we recognize that the global health environment is still fluid. So we remain focused on maintaining our cost discipline and pulling all available levers to conserve cash and maximize financial flexibility as we execute our relaunch plan.  As you can see on Slide 12, since the halt in global cruise operations in March of 2020, we worked quickly to implement our COVID-19 financial action plan. During the pause in operations, we successfully reduced operating expenses by nearly 60% and capital expenditures by over 75%.  As we ready our ships to return to service, costs will increase as expected. But we will do so in a strategic and disciplined manner to balance our cash needs while maintaining a strong liquidity profile.  Since the beginning of the second quarter, we've taken several additional proactive measures on our financial action plan. We continue to significantly reduce or defer near-term demand-generating marketing expenses and nonessential capital expenditures.  In July, we amended 9 credit facilities for our newbuild program to increase the commitments by approximately $770 million to cover owner supply costs, modification costs and financing premium fees. We want to thank our banking partners for their continued support of our company during these extremely challenging times.  Turning to our liquidity and cash burn on Slide 13. We had approximately $2.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents as of June 30. This provides us with significant financial flexibility to continue to navigate through this fluid environment and execute on a return-to-service plan.  As for cash burn for the second quarter, our average monthly cash burn rate was approximately $200 million per month. This was slightly higher than our guidance of $190 million driven by the announcement of additional ship relaunches in our voyage resumption plan and the associated restart expenses.  As for the third quarter, we expect our average monthly cash burn rate to increase to approximately $285 million as restart expenses accelerate with additional vessels entering service. Restart expenses are primarily related to repositioning, provisioning and stopping of vessels, implementing new health and safety protocols and a measured ramp-up of demand-generating marketing investments.  Note that this cash burn estimate does not include our expected cash inflows from both new and existing bookings. We will continue to take a disciplined approach to reintroducing costs as voyages resume, while at the same time, balancing the need to drive new cash bookings.  Looking ahead, based on our resumption plan, we expect to reach a crucial inflection point with operating cash flow turning positive over the course of the first quarter of 2022.  To assist with modeling, Slide 22 details additional guidance we have provided for certain metrics, including depreciation and amortization, interest expense and newbuild-related capital expenditures.  Turning to Slide 14. We ended the second quarter with approximately $2.8 billion of cash. Our cash balance in the second quarter decreased driven primarily by approximately $600 million of operating cash burn, including operating expenses, SG&A, interest and CapEx, customer cash refunds for canceled voyages of approximately $150 million and net working capital and other outflow of approximately $10 million, which includes health and safety investments.  Before handing the call back to Frank, I want to reiterate that as we continue to navigate through this crisis and relaunch our fleet over the next few quarters, we have not taken our focus off the future. Our relaunch milestones bring us one step closer to executing on our medium- and long-term financial recovery plan as outlined on Slide 15 and to rebuild and continue to drive margin expansion, maximize cash flow generation and optimize our balance sheet.  With that, I'll hand the call back to Frank to provide closing comments.
Mark Kempa: Steve, thank you for the question. So you're absolutely correct. Based on our -- first, let's talk about our voyage resumption plan. As you know, we've been very disciplined. We've been very methodical, and we've said we are not interested in being the first to the race to launch our vessels. We think we have a very measured and disciplined plan with approximately 75% to  80% of our fleet in operation by year-end.  And as a result of that, when we look at our cash flow, both the inflows and just the regular operating contribution from each of our vessels, yes, we expect to be cash flow positive sometime over the course of the first quarter of 2022. And that's only -- to put that in perspective, that's 5 to 6 months away.  So we're very pleased with the booking trends that we've seen. Obviously, as we restart and our ships enter service, that starts to generate that cash flywheel that we've been talking about. So we're very pleased. We don't think -- with anything, there's always a little bit of risk out there. But based on our measured plan, we think we have a solid game plan of returning to cash flow-positive operations.
Mark Kempa: Steve, it's Mark. So look, when we look at our customer deposits, as we said in our prepared remarks, our customer deposits increased 50% versus the prior quarter, roughly $300 million on a gross basis. So obviously, as we continue to relaunch and restart and we get closer to the voyages operating, we expect that to accelerate. So we're very, very pleased with that.  When we look at our relaunch cost, look, everything -- all the costs that we're incurring, they're normal, they're expected. You look at how many ships we're restarting over the course of the next 5 to 6 months. There's nothing out of the ordinary.  Most of -- there is going to be some onetime front-end loaded costs. Again, you're relocating whether it's 1,000 or 1,500 crew per vessel from across the globe. So you have some onetime initial cost. But that will settle. That will balance as typical.  But most importantly, as our vessels start to sail and as we've said publicly, we are -- most of our vessels are starting at either 60 and then ramping -- 60% load factor and then slowly ramping up to 80 and then hopefully to over -- back to our normal load factors in a short time. Those vessels which are operating are cash flow positive out of the gate. And that's very, very important.  And we've seen that with our first 2 initial voyages that have just been completed by Norwegian Jade. And we expect that to be the case for the coming voyages as well for the rest of the fleet.
Mark Kempa: Yes. And Brandt, I want to just add to that, that when we look at all the measures we are taking, and you look at that vis-à-vis any other hospitality driven type venue in the world, what we're providing our customers is one of the most safest experiences that we can based on today's science and technology. So that, again, we believe that, that's an advantage for all 3 of our brands.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Brandt, I'll take that one. So certainly, when we look at that and we look at the measure of onboard spend, while we look at it in totality on the vessel, more importantly, we're looking at a -- on a per person per day basis. So that's the measure of what the customer is willing to spend.  And yes, it is on an apples-to-apples basis of a similar voyage, similar itinerary from 2019's record levels. And when you look at the mix of passengers, I think that voyage was predominantly probably the majority U.S.-based and then followed by a European-based.  And you look -- when you look at the spending trends of it, it was your normal areas. Shore ex was very intense, food and beverage and then casino. So it's great to see that we're seeing the trends that we're used to. Customers are willing to spend. While it's early, it is certainly very, very encouraging.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Vince, it's Mark. We are intensely focused on that. As you can recall, in 2019, we were on a path to our stated leverage of 2.5 to 2.75. We've obviously had to lever up the balance sheet as a result of this. But as we look forward, our goals right now are we want to get below 5. And then obviously, we'll look to get into the 4s.  It's a bit premature to decide or to really telegraph when we're going to get to those levels. As we've said before, if 2022 continues on the path that we're seeing today, it could be a very nice year in terms of EBITDA and subsequent cash flow generation.  So that's certainly going to assist and help us with that delevering story. So we are focused on it. We have not lost sight of that because we know that's important. But right now, we're focused on relaunching and providing the best experience that we can to our customers. And if we can do that, that's going to subsequently turn into significant cash flow generation.  And I will reiterate, we've said and we expect in our conservative relaunch plan, we expect to be cash flow positive over the course of the first quarter of 2022. So when you think about that from a restart within a 6-month period to be cash flow positive, we feel that's pretty tremendous. And we're pretty proud of that. So we look forward over the next few months of restarting our fleet. And again, that the cash flow that, that spins off.
Mark Kempa: Robin, so when we look over the next 6 months, I believe we have roughly 6 vessels that would be operating out of Florida, with the first one being Norwegian Gem on -- out of Miami on August 15. And then I think the rest come online in late -- mid- to late December.  I think the second part of your question was related to the carbon credits. We're very excited about this. This is something we're serious about. We've really taken a hard stance on our ESG efforts over the last year or 2. And we're committed to this. So we spent a few million dollars on purchasing these carbon credits. I think that, together with our other investments that we continue to make with the fleet, whether it's exhaust gas cleaning technology, waste heat recovery, we're looking at all viable investments where we can to reduce our carbon footprint.  So -- and just back to the first part, when you look at the Florida-based vessels, I believe it's about 35% to 36% of our fleet sailing out of Florida over the next 6 months.
Mark Kempa: Yes. That will get expensed as we consume the fuel that it's related to in a pro rata fashion over the course of the next 2 to 3 years. But again, I want to highlight that it's not a significant amount. It's a few million dollars. So it's -- you're not even going to see it when you look at our financial statements.
Mark Kempa: Well, we're focused on all of the above. While our immediate focus, obviously, is on restarting the operations, we have not lost sight of our balance sheet and balance sheet management opportunities. So it's something we've been looking at, we continue to look at.  And there is some opportunities in some of our higher-priced notes, I believe, in our 12.25 and 10.25 notes, where we have the ability to possibly have some clawback opportunities around that. So we're looking at it. We want to get our -- the most important thing for us right now is getting the vessels operating. But once we get a few vessels in the water and we have more visibility around that, I think that's what you're going to see over the course in the future is us looking at all those opportunities and exercising on some of those balance sheet management opportunities that we have.
Mark Kempa: James, it's Mark. So look, I think when you look at 2022 and you look at second quarter, third quarter, we are seeing very strong bookings for those periods. But let me just go back in the time line here.  Something we just said about Norwegian Jade's first 2 voyages. Even at reduced capacity, we are seeing significant strength and significant spend on those vessels. So while our vessels are coming online over the course of the next 2 to 3 quarters, Q1, I think, is going to essentially look pretty normal as well, so to speak. Again, we do have, I think, believe it's 9 or 10 vessels that are coming on in Q1. So certainly, by the second quarter, we had to anticipate that all of our vessels or the vast majority should be back at their normal load factor levels. And if we're lucky, maybe some time sooner than that.  But it's not that we don't care about '21. We've taken the stand that we want to do this right. We want to create confidence in our customers and our shareholders and our employees. And we want to make sure we're learning from all the cruises that we're launching.  So we look -- we're excited about 2022 and beyond. And -- but right now, we're focused on '21, getting all the fleet back in the water. So looking good, but we've just got to go forward in getting the ships wet again.
Mark Kempa: Look, I think you said it right, James. If you look at the math today, we have roughly $2.8 billion. We're going to burn roughly $900 million in 3Q. But I will highlight that -- and I clearly stated that, that does not include the customer inflows that we expect from advanced ticket sales.  And as we said in our comments, we did see significant growth in the second quarter. And we expect that to ramp up, obviously, in the third and fourth quarter and first quarter. So when you do the math and you look at where our cash is today and the fact that we've stated that we expect to be cash flow positive over the course of the first quarter in 2022, you can kind of triangulate where our cash balance is going to be and the subsequent generation of cash.  So we're comfortable where our liquidity is today. We believe we have a strong foundation. We've taken significant measures to get where we are today. So as long as we can reasonably execute on our resumption -- on our voyage resumption plan, we feel that we're in a very, very strong position as we sit here today.
Mark Kempa: Patrick, look, we're not immune to it. I think the benefit we have as a company is a lot of our -- the vast majority of our labor force, which is ship-based, comes from overseas. And quite frankly, our employees, our crew are excited and ecstatic to come back to work.  We do have collective bargaining agreements in place for most of those employees. And you have to remember that those employees, unlike other areas of the world have not, for the vast majority, received government assistance. So they are excited. They want to come back to work.  When we see employees on the vessel, they just break down in tears of joy because they have the opportunity to work again. So we don't anticipate any issues around the labor sector or the labor portion of our operating model.  In terms of good old fashioned food, consumables, things of that nature, yes, we're not immune to it. We are seeing some inflationary pressure. We have started to see some of it stabilize. And we think there's -- of course, there's probably going to be some laggards in the supply chain that end up being slightly costlier.  But on the -- just as equally, there's a lot of areas where we've been able to take advantage and reprice over the last 18 months and renegotiate contracts. So we're seeing some benefit from that. So we're laser-focused on the cost side. We're not immune to it, but we're focused on it. And we think we have a good opportunity in 2022 to take advantage of some of the renegotiations we've seen. So we're looking forward to it.
Frank Del Rio: Thank you, Mark. Before we wrap up our prepared remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our global sustainability program, Sail & Sustain, shown on Slide 16. This summer, we reached several key milestones on our ESG journey starting with the publication of our first comprehensive ESG report, which included disclosures aligning with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board or SASB index.  This was a significant step forward in our efforts to enhance our transparency. And I encourage you all to take a look at the report, which is on our website if you haven't done so already.  We also unveiled our redesigned Sail & Sustain program, which is structured around 5 pillars developed through cross-functional collaboration with key internal and external stakeholders. The pillars include reducing environmental impact, sailing safely, empowering people, strengthening our communities and operating with integrity and accountability.  In addition, we have aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and have identified 10 goals where we believe we can make the greatest contribution to achieve a more sustainable future for all. In conjunction with the report, we have also developed a new sustainability website, which we will use to continue to provide critical disclosure to all of our stakeholders.  On the environmental front, we were pleased to announce our newly created long-term climate action strategy and our goal to reach carbon neutrality. This ambitious program is centered around 3 key action areas, including reducing carbon intensity; identifying and investing in technologies, including exploring alternative fuels; and implementing a carbon offset program.  We continuously seek opportunities to reduce our overall footprint by minimizing fuel consumption. And in fact, our ongoing investments in systems and technologies have resulted in a reduction of fuel consumption per capacity day of approximately 17% from 2008 to 2019 for our entire 28-ship fleet.  With the introduction of our 9 new and more fuel-efficient vessels through 2027, we expect to see further improvement in our intensity rates. In addition to ongoing initiatives to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions rate, we have committed to purchasing high-quality verified carbon credits to offset 3 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent over a 3-year period beginning last year. This is a measurable step in the near-term emissions reductions, which will help bridge the gap in our decarbonization efforts until new technologies become available.  Our 3 million-ton commitment is sizable. To put it in perspective, it is the equivalent of over 7.5 billion miles driven by an average passenger car. And we plan to increase offset purchases in future years to help us reach our goal of carbon neutrality.  We are very proud of the progress we have made so far in ESG, and we are committed to making a lasting impact on the world as responsible corporate citizens and ESG leaders. I look forward to sharing additional details with you as we continue on our ESG journey.  Turning to Slide 17. I'd like to leave you with a few final key takeaways. First, we are putting health and safety at the forefront of our return to service as demonstrated by the great length we are taking to resume cruising in the safest manner possible with our universal mandatory vaccination and preboarding testing policy across our 3 brands.  Our Great Cruise Comeback has commenced, and we are focused on the flawless execution of our phased voyage resumption plan with a target to have our full fleet in operation by April 1, 2022. We continue to experience strong future demand for cruising with very positive booking and pricing trends for 2022 and beyond.  And lastly, as we emerge from the pandemic and focus on our longer-term prospects, we have an attractive and well-thought out growth profile, which we expect will provide a meaningful boost to our financial results and shareholder value in the coming years.  Overall, while we still have a long road to full recovery ahead of us, we are encouraged by the significant milestones we have reached in recent days on return to cruising. Tomorrow, we will take another monumental step forward with our official U.S. relaunch. And I look forward to getting back to what we do best, providing exceptional vacation experiences and lifetime memories for our guests.  And with that, we can open the call for questions.
Frank Del Rio: Steve, look, it's not what we're seeing in our booking trends. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were ahead approximately 10 weeks when compared to where we were in 2018 at this time for '19, a record year.  And as you know, we at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings came out very, very early, as early as late March. And we said we're not going to cruise until it's safe to do so. And as a precursor, everybody has to be vaccinated, crew and passengers. And we haven't moved from that.  We think that's a competitive advantage, quite frankly. During a pandemic, people who are willing to travel want to travel safely. And the Norwegian Cruise Line platform allows you to do that. Dr. Gottlieb spoke about it. It becomes just about the safest place on Earth, to be on a Norwegian Cruise Line ship.  And I'm glad to see my peers in the industry following suit because now they have begun to introduce at least some of the measures that we have announced early on. So to me, it is a competitive advantage. We continue -- we will continue to do the right thing. And that is to protect the health and safety of our guests and the communities we visit in every possible way we can.
Frank Del Rio: Steve, it's Frank. Look, we have seen a modest decrease in our net new booking activity during the month of July when the Delta variant has surfaced. It is sequential. So it's more pronounced in -- for -- in year 2021 sailings, which for us is not that significant. I'm not focused on 2021. It's a transitional year.  The focus is to get the ships operating again. As Mark mentioned, very successful launch of Norwegian Jade. It went off without a hitch. We do have muscle memory. We do remember how to operate cruise vessels. The customers had a great time. Onboard revenue was through the roof. And so we are encouraged that we're off to the races.  The -- it's good that we have such a pad, so to speak, on our forward bookings to be 10 weeks ahead of our best prior year ever. It's certainly a wonderful cushion and insurance policy to have. In discussing the likely course of the Delta variant with Dr. Gottlieb, we think this is a transitory, temporary phenomenon. It's going to run through the course of the population very, very quickly. We don't think it will have lasting effects. But again, having a 10-week advance, so to speak, is certainly wonderful to have.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. As Mark mentioned, we're starting every vessel in the 60% to 70% range of load factor. That's not anyone's requirement. It's not a CDC mandate. It's something we think is a responsible way to start operations, train our crew, get our feet wet, so to speak. If all goes well, after 30 days, we'll increase that to 80% load. And after 60 days, we will resume trying to fill the vessel as in prepandemic levels.  And yes, in a fully vaccinated environment, the way that we are conducting it, where we test everyone at the pier, where we have the protocols in place, the new air filtration systems that we have spent tens of millions of dollars to upgrade throughout the fleet, we believe that we can safely operate vessels at full capacity. We will see. It will be staggered. We will learn along the way. But yes, we believe that, that can be achieved.  And by the way, and so does our sail and safety council, which they again, believe that our protocols are second to none, not just in the cruise industry, but in any kind of public environment.
Frank Del Rio: I think it's better than that. It's -- if you -- I hesitate to give you any specific numbers, but when you strip out the dilutive effects of the future cruise credits, the like-for-like pricing, the pricing to the public, so to speak, is up significantly, up multiples of what our typical year-over-year growth is in yields.  And so the pent-up demand is real, and we're taking advantage of it. We do have these future cruise certificates to deal with, which will end in 2022, that these FCCs will not be dilutive at all in 2023. The FCCs have to be used by the end of 2022 or else we're going to refund the customer or whatever they paid in.  And also, remember, as I mentioned, I believe it's Slide 11, look at our future growth. We have 20% more capacity coming online through the end of '23. Look at our historic ability to absorb that growth and how we turn the capacity growth into gross revenue growth, outsized EBITDA growth and outsized net cash growth. So we're very much looking forward to taking delivery of these vessels over the next few years.  Four of them come online in '22 and '23. They're going to be accretive. They're going to be higher than the corporate average. So we believe that, that's a wonderful setup.  As Mark mentioned before the pandemic hit, NCLH was hitting on all cylinders. We were delevering to investment grade. We're going to start paying a dividend. The biggest problem we used to sit around the boardroom was, what are we going to do with all this cash? And well, we're going to start generating cash again, and that cash is first going to go to pay down debt that we took on to survive the pandemic, and then we're going to look to do what companies do: buy back stock if it's opportunistically to do so, perhaps expand the business.  We're bullish on this business. We know how to operate a cruise in this top line cruise company. We haven't forgotten how to do that over the pandemic. And we're seeing the pent-up demand from customers that allow us to do what -- exactly what we do best. So we're very much bullish on the future.
Frank Del Rio: Yes. Typically, for a cruise on the Norwegian brand that operates in Europe, roughly half the customers are from the U.S., and half the customers are from the rest of the world. On the first 2 Norwegian Jade cruises to the Greek Isles out of Athens, we have seen that number jump in the neighborhood of 80%.  So many Americans have not been able to go overseas for such a long period of time that the pent-up demand that we're seeing for cruising overall is higher indexed by Americans wanting these long-haul travel plans to places like Greece. So we don't think that's sustainable in the long term, perhaps in the short to medium term as this pent-up demand is sort of burned off.  But it's good to see that we have the marketing strength and the sales platforms throughout the world to be able to fill our ships. And whether it's Americans want to come over or Europeans, we're seeing strong demand across the board.
Frank Del Rio: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We're -- you can see by our tone of our voice we're excited to be here in Seattle to kick off the Encore's maiden season here in -- for the Alaska season and start our cruising comeback from the U.S. Thanks very much. We'll see you next quarter. Bye-bye.
