Harry Sommer: Well, thank you, Mark. Truly encouraging results. Moving forward, our entire team will be focused on the most important work. First, we will continue to execute on our near-term priorities and capitalize on the strong demand from cruising from our target upscale demographic. Second, we will build upon the progress we've already made with our ongoing margin enhancement efforts with further improvements in costs.  And finally, we will continue to improve our balance sheet and reduce leverage over time. In closing, I couldn't be more excited about the year ahead. I am confident that we have the right resources in place to capitalize on the strong demand environment and deliver exceptional vacation experiences for our guests across all 3 of our brands, execute on our operational and financial goals for 2024 and ultimately deliver long-term profitable growth and shareholder value.  I look forward to share you the results of our strategic assessment of our business and defining our vision for the future of the company, including long-term financial targets at our Investor Day this coming May. With that, I'm happy to turn it over to the operator for questions.
Harry Sommer: Yes. Thank you, Brandt, again, for that. So I do think you have the right thought pattern. Q2 to Q4 are in line with our long-term express goals where we look to have low to mid-single-digit yield growth, of course, measured capacity growth, strong cost controls, all leading to outsized EBITDA and margin performances, which should allow us to continue to strengthen our balance sheet.  I think you are right that the situation in the Red Sea, Suez Canal had some impact on our Oceania, Regent brand, not on NCL.  NCL is extraordinarily strong in all 4 quarters, as we see the booking patterns now. But for the Oceania and Regent perspective, since it was 8% and 12% of their respective capacities, we would expect that to have an impact of about 1 to 2 points on yield in the back 3 quarters of the year. What that means, all that's taken into consideration in the guidance we provided. So we stand by our numbers. And what that means is we should have a modest tailwind in 2025 when those -- when we less those items.
Harry Sommer: We talked last year a little bit about some of the challenges we had coming out of COVID with some of our itineraries that require a slightly longer booking period like Europe. And I think that had impacted some of our results in Q3 or Q4 of last year -- I'm sorry, Q2 or Q3 of last year, my apologies, when we gave the results in our earnings calls.  We learned from that, and we've absolutely extended our booking curve for Europe, primarily for Americans going into the 2024 season. So we're very happy with what we're seeing across all 3 brands, with the exception of those cruises that had previously been going to Israel and the Middle East on the Oceania, Regent brand.
Harry Sommer: Well, thank you, Andrew, for that question. We don't give specific guidance on our book position for each quarter. Yes, Mark did say we are entirely booked for Q1 because we're sitting here on February -- late February, February 27. So we're not going to get any more meaningful bookings for Q1. But for the other 3 quarters, we continue to be with the exception of those Red Sea and Middle East Cruises, which I referred to before, in record booked positions where we're referring to as all-time high booked positions across the 3 quarters and especially on the NCL brand.
Harry Sommer: So thank you, Steve, for those the kind words on cost control. It's something that we're extraordinarily proud of, and as Mark mentioned in his prepared comments, represents over $100 million improvement versus core inflation. Listen, I -- we're not here to give specific guidance yet on '25 and '26, so we won't. We'll do that in -- we give our long-term financial metric outlook in our Investor Day in May.  But I will say that this goal of being able to grow cost at less than the rate of inflation is certainly something that we inspire to do on a long-term basis. So I know that's not exactly what you're looking for, but hopefully gives you some indication of our direction.
Harry Sommer: Yes. So listen, on the NCL brand, we have very robust and sophisticated revenue management systems. And when we see demand as it is today, we take price action or promotional action, which is sort of an opaque way to take price action in order to generate the highest yields for the company, and we're doing that.  So nothing has changed in our core philosophy from that perspective. When demand is good, we take advantage of it. And I think it's reflected in our oversized gains for Q1 and our reasonably strong gains for Q2 to Q4, especially on the NCL brand.  In Oceania, Regent, I want to be clear, there's something fundamentally wrong with the model at the luxury space. We see demand for luxury being very high. But when you have to take 60 or 70 days out of service on 2 ships out of a regularly small fleet for 2 brands, it does have an outsized impact on the ability to grow yield at those 2 brands.  We hope that to be a onetime thing. All the new voyages for Oceania, Regent, with the new deployment already on sale and starting to fill, well albeit because we're filling them closer in it at lower pricing than we normally would have gotten, but it's just limited to those areas. We are very happy with the performance on Oceania and Regent, in the other regions of the world.
Harry Sommer: Yes, Dan, certainly, when you look at the impact of the Middle East on the O&R brands, it's definitely impacting us more in the second and fourth quarter, as mentioned in our results. So I think as you look across the 3 quarters, as we said in our prepared remarks, you're going to see more of a normalized consistent yield growth. There's always some puts and takes within each quarter, but I wouldn't expect any significant lumpiness necessarily, so to speak, across the remaining 3 quarters.
Harry Sommer: I think if we told you what level of conservatism we are baking into our guidance, I wouldn't be giving you new guidance. So listen, suffice to say that we are providing the numbers that we're confident in. We have, of course, incredible visibility into future book positions. So I'm not saying there's no upside there, but I certainly wouldn't expect huge upside to the numbers that we've provided. We're going to manage our business to the best of our abilities, and we're providing you numbers that we are confident that we can hit.
Harry Sommer: James, I appreciate the question as always. Listen, I don't think there's really much of a mix issue here from the perspective that our deployment in 2024 is not that much different than our deployment in 2023 with the exception of the couple of big NCL ships that we moved out of Europe a month or 2 early in early Q4.  So I wouldn't necessarily say to Q4-ish, right? I think there's 2 primary issues that we've discussed, which I'm happy to articulate, Q1 of '23 was particularly weak, coming out of COVID, there was short booking curves. There were disruptions, especially on the Oceania and Regent brand with our itineraries that visited Asia, Australia. Both those brands have world crews, which was very difficult to sell, given the time commitment that gets past to make and the fact that they would have had to make those decisions in early '22 when COVID was still alive and well. So we're coming off a reasonably weak comp in Q1.  That being said, we're still very, very happy that we were able to get Q1 of '24 back to where it is with a 16% growth year-over-year. So obviously, there's some spend in Q1. It's not of this year, not just the weakness of last year. I think the other 3 quarters, the only issue that we're seeing when we look across the brands, across the quarters, across the geographic areas, it's simply this issue with the Red Sea and Suez, which I want to elaborate because I talked to it before.  We believe we have the right mix of Caribbean product for our guest set over the summer. We do have ships in the Caribbean. We don't go to a 0% capacity, but we have seen higher returns out of Europe and Alaska and Bermuda than we do out of the Caribbean, which is why we position our ships there. So it's possible that the growth in the Caribbean could have been more, but the end result would have been less. I repeat what I said in my prepared remarks, we still have the highest net yields within the competitive set. So maybe we would have grown more on a like-for-like basis, but it would have resulted in a lower overall number if we positioned more of our capacity in the Caribbean.
Harry Sommer: I don't think there's any meaningful difference between the markets, James. I think we're -- again, we're seeing strong pricing for all those markets and other markets. So obviously, you have a total difference in net per diem depending on the area of operation. But in terms of growth, we're not seeing any sort of significant differences between markets.
Harry Sommer: And just to add to that, I know we talk a lot about metrics, NCC excluding fuel, or NCC excluding fuel and dry dock, but I want to emphasize that fuel expense is not something we ignore. Mark talked about it extensively in his prepared remarks. And our goal is to find ways to reduce consumption. Ultimately, obviously, that's great for our sustainability goals, but it's also great for our overall profitability.  So I don't want to -- despite the fact that we don't necessarily report on that metric extensively, I want to assure everyone that is one of the main focuses. I mean we spend something like $700 million a year on fuel, and Mark talked about the multi-, multi-, multi-million dollar things that we're going to do to improve fuel from bunkering to better monitoring and things like that. And those numbers are real and of course, are reflected in our EBITDA numbers.
Harry Sommer: Yes. So I'll let Mark talk about our balance sheet number because we're very proud of that. And I'll let him finish up the commentary on that. But on the cost side, this isn't specifically related to marketing. We obviously will look at improvements in efficiencies and marketing in the same way we look at efficiencies everywhere else. But any improvement we find in marketing will be strictly around efficiency, the volume, if you will, of marketing will remain the same.  We're very happy with the demand we drive. We carefully track it through web visits, lead generation and all the other type of metrics that are necessary in order to keep both top and mid-funnel our marketing alive and well, and that volume will continue. Any benefit we have will be on efficiency, not on volume. But really, the cost is everywhere. I mean, we talked about fuel, we talked about food waste. But I mean we could go through every line item of the P&L. There is nothing off the table. I mean we've made improvements in air costs. We made improvements in our consumables and maintenance, really across the way in SG&A expenses. So I really want you to think about it as a whole P&L and not that we're going to, in any way, focus on marketing in order to reduce those important demand metrics. And Mark take it away.
Harry Sommer: The only thing I'll add to Mark's comment is just a simple math one. If we were at 7.3%, and we plan to reduce it by 1.5%, I think the number would be in the 5-something range, not the 6-something range just to keep that in the back of your mind.  That being said, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We'll be around to answer any questions you may have. We look forward to seeing you all in May. We wish you a great day and all the best.
Mark Kempa: Andrew, you're right. Technically, we do not have the capability to technically prepay debt until we have all of our deferred amortization cut up. However, with this particular transaction, it is deemed a refinancing and as such, we do have the ability to take out that portion of the debt.  As we look forward over the course of the remainder of the year of '24, we do have some notes that are maturing in December $565 million, 3.625% notes which are very cost effective, but we will be looking to address those between now and sometime obviously, well before the end of the year.  And then outside of that, a little bit too early for us to be thinking about or giving guidance in terms of what we may or may not take out. But I think the point to be made here really is that we are now starting to actively address the balance sheet and address the leverage.  And we've always said this will be a little bit of a chip away each year, and we're happy that coming out of the gate for 2024, we've been able to start that. So we're very excited about that. It's definitely a solid path to -- in our journey.
Mark Kempa: And Steve, to just further highlight what Harry is saying is I want to make it very clear. We've been laser-focused on this. We are looking at all different ways how we can improve and more importantly, improve and get more efficient to leverage our scale. We've said time and again, this is not a onetime exercise. This is what we've actually established a transformation office, which I imagine will become something like a continuous improvement office. But things -- we're setting up performance dashboards. I talked about some of our bunkering strategies.  There's a lot of ways where we can improve the overall underlying fundamental cost structure, all without impacting the guest experience. I talked about our fuel, I talked about our bunkering strategy, food waste. Food waste is just a big area that when you start really monitoring the waste side of it, has significant upstream benefits when you think about the waste side of it.  So again, we're focused on this. We got the message. We've been taking this serious. And we believe there's multiyear benefits here, but we look forward to certainly sharing more details around that in our May Investor Day.
Mark Kempa: And Steve, in terms of the Norwegian brand, not apart from our sophisticated revenue management systems, let's not forget our models around onboard revenue. We are in a continuous improvement mode in terms of expanding our presale of onboard revenue and getting more share of the wallet over a longer period of time from the point a customer enters our ecosystem. And we continue to refine that. We continue to look at that. And that plays a key part as we -- going forward as we look at our revenue opportunity. So that's something we are very, very focused on.
Mark Kempa: And James, just keep in mind, when you think about 2024, Obviously, we're getting the benefit in Q1 versus Q1 of '23 an outsized growth algo because of the aforementioned factors. But then you roll that forward and you look at Q4 of 2023, where we had roughly 8.5%, 9% yield growth, we're going to be lapping over that in the fourth quarter of this year. So there is a little bit of lapping issues going on. But I think as Harry said, the underlying strength in pricing in the business is looking good across all sectors and all geopolitical areas, I'm sorry, all geographical areas, apart from the Middle Sea and the Red Sea area.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Thanks, Vince. While I don't want to give too many details because I think we're going to give some significant visibility at our May Investor Day. But look, the bottom line is really that we have to continue to improve on our pricing. That's key number one. But it all comes down to leveraging our cost base and our unit cost and leveraging that scale.  We've made significant progress, what I would say in the last 18 to 20 months when we really first started addressing this back in the second half of 2022. So we're going to continue to look at that. We have to improve. When you think about overall cost from 2019, when we look at it, I think we were somewhere about a 3% CAGR over 2019 through 2024 guidance. So we think we can definitely improve on that. Obviously, there is some incremental drag from fuel given new regulations versus '19 and '24 and so on. But we have to do a better job of leveraging our scale. We're doing that.  As I've said, we've been able to confidently mitigate over $100 million of expected inflation in 2024. It's no small feat that I want to reiterate, when we look at our cost base, excluding the dry dock and the reduced capacity days, our cost base is flat, expected to be flat for 2024.  So I want to make sure everybody understands that. It doesn't end here. We're looking at everything and we think there's continuous opportunity there. So we're going to chip away at that. And I think in a combination between, again, strong top line growth and moderate cost growth or improvement, we think definitely there's opportunity for significant margin expansion over time.
Mark Kempa: Yes. Look, onboard revenue is always a significant generator of our overall revenue profile. When you look at the quarters 2 through 4, yes, I think we're getting probably, what, about 1.5 points of occupancy benefit in those 3 quarters, and the rest is really coming on the back of pricing.  So on board is an important component, it always is, and it always has been. We'll continue to improve on that. Our goal, again, is to get more of that wallet share well prior to the customer over stepping on foot any one of our vessels. And we continue to improve on that. And that -- but I don't think there's going to -- I don't think we're expecting any meaningful outsized growth from that particular revenue stream versus necessarily our core ticket price across the 3 brands.
Mark Kempa: Conor on leverage. Look, we've said we are very focused on it. And we've said that this will improve significantly over time. We're very excited that we expect our leverage -- current leverage levels at year-end. We expect to at least decrease that by 1.5 turns. And again, that's going to -- that's slowly but surely restoring our balance sheet back to pre-COVID levels.  So obviously, that 3% to 4% range is something we're focused on. I would not -- certainly would not expect that to happen in 2024, but we are starting the sequential improvement quarter after quarter. This year, you will see significant improvements in leverage. And we're excited to see that same thing happening over the course of '25 and '26.  So we're on the right path.
