Kevin Sheehan: Thanks Wendy. While the first two quarters have included historic events in Norwegian’s history, with the IPO and the delivery of Norwegian Breakaway, we look forward to keeping our razor focus to bring consistent, orderly growth quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year.  We are focused on carrying out our current initiatives and are pinpointing new ones, which will enhance the guest experience and add value to our shareholders. Lastly, we are eagerly preparing for a strong 2014 that will kick off with the introduction of the Norwegian Getaway into the fleet. We can’t wait to show her off to our hometown crowd here in Miami. With that, we’ll open the call up to some questions.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure. Good question, Steve. Thanks by the way. On the impact of this stuff, I guess it really does depend on how long this lasts in the news and other than the Rockefeller hearings last week, I think it’s really started to dissipate. So hopefully people are back to focusing on the unbelievable value of a cruise vacation and what is unmatched as a family experience. So we’re confident that things will start to move back in the right direction from a booking level.  What I would say is that we’ve had a period of a number weeks that we were somewhat disappointed with the level of bookings, and I could tell right from -- when we introduced the Epic, just to give you a little bit of background in New York back, three years ago, we had a huge increase in bookings following that, because of all the fantastic publicity and all the good news about that ship.  And knowing that the Getaway or the Epic plus beyond that something more, we expected that same sort of halo effect, and what happened is we didn’t see it. Not that we had, we had a good booking pattern, but not the same level as I would have expected given the huge positive press and everything that we had on the Breakaway.  So that’s when it started to feel a little bit different to me and then I would say that we’ve had some promotional activities going on following that, and when I look at it right now, I would say that things in the last few weeks seem to have been a little bit better, and I think some of the noise as well, some of the players may be doing a little bit more from a promotional standpoint to fill up their ships.  So having said that, what I’m seeing now, and that will play out over the remainder of this year. But as you see, we’ve put out our guidance for the third quarter and for the full year. So I think we with confidence can say, hey, we are still getting there. We are working a lot harder, but we’re getting there and things are getting back, in my view from what I’ve seen in the last couple of weeks, toward hopefully where we need to be.  On board we had a great quarter on the on board. Some of it is the Breakaway; some of it is just the continuing effort we have. I would tell you that the remainder of the year is built into our forecast, the guidance and yields, etcetera, etcetera, but it is a little lumpy and when you look at our third quarter, last year we had some pretty fantastic results in the third quarter, and funny example is a guy with a paper bag filled with, I think almost 1 million Euros that left the ship with the bag, without the euros.  So we had some good success, so we’re coming over a little bit more of a hard quarter in the third quarter from on board, but nevertheless it’s all built into our yields and I would say no one should look at one quarter. You should look at the direction of our company. We continue to push everything as you guys know and I feel very confident that we are continuing on that same trail of what we need to do.  The other thing I think that plays out in the third quarter a little bit is that again, a bit of a mixed change. So we’ve been able to bottom out in the Europe market with yields and we are starting to see the ticket yields improving, but there are a few more Europeans on the ships than what has been the trend, and as you know, Europeans they go on the ship, they say, hey, I’m a European, I don’t need to go on a shore excursion or they may have different spending patterns in the spa as an example.  So there are little bits of differences. So we’re riding through some of that in the rest of this year, but again, it’s all built into our yield forecast. So we are pretty excited about where we expect to land out.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, that’s what I was talking about. It’s a combination that you may not see it as clearly in the third to fourth quarter, because we had some really good success in the casino side and then on top of that there is a little bit more of the European consumer on the ships, which is moderating some of the on board spend.  But again, we are so far best-in-class in on board that we see that continuing as we get into ‘14, and we are just going through a little bit of lapping, some strength in the third and fourth quarter over the prior year. But again, at the end of the day, the yield in total is where we said we were going to be.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, the good point, I’m sorry I didn’t get into that. Yes, on the Breakaway we have a significant number of people every single day starting with Geoffrey Zakarian’s restaurant that has been sold out before every single sailing and as you know, we raised our pricing to $50 or $49, whatever it is. But you see that pattern in all the venues, especially as you would probably guess with a New York ship, you got a lot of people that work hard up there, and they are on vacation, they want to enjoy themselves, so they book the nice specialty restaurants and some people do that every single day.  So we are seeing a lot of flow through with this specialty restaurants. So it’s more pronounced on the newer ships than the other ships, but the other ships are improving as well as we take those learning’s, and as you know we pushed out the Churrascaria to all of the other ships as well.  So we are getting there with everything, but it is a market that does command an interest in specialty restaurants.
Kevin Sheehan: No, I wouldn’t say that. To be honest, for the remainder of the year, for third quarter, I think I had mentioned on earlier calls, the Alaska market, there’s new assets in there. We actually put our third ship back in the market. We had taken it out three years ago when Alaska raised the taxes up there and I had promised Governor Parnell that if he brought it back down, we’d bring the ship back in; we did.  It’s a unique itinerary and as we expected, the travel agents take time in understanding that we’re back there and keep doing the extra advertising, the itinerary and all that, and then by the second year it’s working better. So I would say that the Caribbean – we look at the Caribbean with the Bahamas. We are holding our own there, and I would say that the third quarter, a little bit on Alaska and I think Europe is settling out and the first quarter was difficult, and it started to settle out as we see it going forward, so from a lower level, but improving nevertheless and we are just keeping a careful eye out for the Caribbean as you suggested. But we are not seeing anything that gets us nervous at this point. 
Kevin Sheehan: Well, I think we just continue to feel very comfortable with what we see out there from the – I mean, I got to be careful here, because I don’t want to get things too out in front of us, but we have an expectation of a very handsome growth in net income next year and we are feeling okay with that.  So, as we get into the third quarter further and the fourth quarter, we are feeling pretty good about where we are booked for the rest of this year. We are feeling pretty decent about what’s going on for next year, although it’s early and of course, with the Getaway coming out, that gives us a little bit of juice and then the balance of the – because remember, the Breakaway really was in the service for half of the quarter, for the second quarter 2013. So you’ll have a full quarter, second quarter of 2014.  So I think based on the stuff we’ve been seeing out there on an overall basis, it may be one or two that seem very high to us, but other than that we’re feeling pretty decent.
Kevin Sheehan: Well whose ship is that? Well, I was joking. It isn’t in New York by the way, it’s in Jersey. So yes, no I got to tell you, it’s interesting as this industry is, and I’m only a rookie in my sixth year, which makes me, I guess in other industries a long-timer, but in this one, still a rookie.  We thought it was an unbelievably positive to bring our newest, greatest asset into the New York market; it had never been done before. It was always like a stepchild market and based on that success, it’s great to see that some of the other players have recognized our success and are coming along behind us.  We’re fine we feel that our ship is spectacular, and the market is so large, we believe that if the other player does their job, which I’m sure they will, it will be a very big positive for all of us. There is a lot of assets in the industry that are in New York, and I really believe that the New Yorker, and the ability to get on a ship without having to take an airplane is a huge convenience. And of course being on the West Side and being able to flag by taxi at $4 versus going to Jersey and having a $50 or $60 fair with a gypsy, I think we’re well positioned.
Kevin Sheehan: It depends on how you see it. The load for us are, we are better for third quarter and we are kind of right in line with the fourth quarter. We are feeling pretty good about the booking patterns for 2014. Our pricing, we gave the yield view for the third and fourth quarter, and that’s based on the composition of everything that we are seeing in the market and what I’ve talked about earlier.  And as I said, we are fighting harder to get our share at the table and everybody else is, I’m sure as well. We just need to reawaken all of the consumers about this fantastic value proposition that we have in cruising and hopefully in a more moderate environment that we will remind them how ridiculously cheap it is and beyond our pursuit of getting some rightful pricing in this industry. But we are feeling okay and our pricing is okay, as we see it for the rest of the year, as I said, which is in our yields.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes. At the end of the day, so you kind of can’t see it with all the dry docks being put back in this year that we didn’t have. The timing when you have a young fleet, it enabled us to have a very quiet year from a new build, from a dry dock situation last year, so now we are paying that price.  But as Wendy said, when you pull that out and you pull out the inaugural and some of the other things that we’ve done this year, you would really see that we continue to work very hard on our Kaizen and Six Sigma initiatives, and it’s a relentless thing.  Wendy and I actually had a meeting on Thursday of last week just, for an update with the guys and we’re getting it done, the stuff that we are working on. We are methodically going out ship-by-ship, department-by-department, so you go through it on a department on a ship, and then you blow it out to the rest of the fleet and the same thing holds true.  We have a separate team that’s working on initiatives here. We see a lot of the things that we can improve upon and the thing that’s great for us is as we are growing this capacity, we held our headcount. I think I had mentioned to some of you in the past, through the economic downturn, because I didn’t think it was the right thing to do to lay people off in that environment.  But now as we are growing, we are able to fix the rest of that margin that maybe wasn’t optimized because of the economic thing. So instead of growing headcount and people are really buying into it, because they are now saying, ‘oh my goodness, I can see that we can make this better, and I feel confident because I have a job, because I see we’re growing.’  So it’s worked out to be very beneficial for us the way we have positioned this, but that’s missing when you look at the numbers this year, because of all of the other stuff that’s in our cost.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, ‘14 we are feeling it’s early of course. First quarter we are feeling very good about both on the load and the price, and then as you get further out, it’s so early in the game, but there’s nothing in anything that we have from either a load standpoint or a pricing standpoint that gives us any cause.
Kevin Sheehan: Let me just point it out, and it may be different depending on the cruise line, right, because we all have a different way of thinking about the revenue management, and you could get the rush of getting the load with low pricing or you could be more disciplined with the load to get better pricing.  So we think we’re doing a pretty decent job of trying to dance between both sides to make sure we are getting our best pricing, but being cognizant of the load to make sure we are thoughtful about the whole onboard side of it as well. But we are in this to get the ticket price up to – we think the industry is just so woefully under-priced and as much as we can do to help that cause, I think the better it is for the overall industry.
Kevin Sheehan: Okay. So I’ll give you one little piece of this, which I think takes care of the issue, to be honest. Last year at this time we weren’t feeling that strong about where we thought we were going to end up and when we got into the third quarter we reversed a little bit of our bonuses for 2012.  We have a very disciplined approach to doing that, and you hit it or you don’t hit it and this year we’re still fighting like mad to reach the goals that we have for the company, and if we do, those bonuses will be achieved. So there’s a little bit of that in there and there’s a couple of things like that that are in our numbers that I’m pretty comfortable as you guys would expect. Unless something else happens, we are going to be at the point that you guys want us to be.
Kevin Sheehan: As you can imagine, under the securities laws, we are not allowed to comment on that. But as you also would know following the company, we are very supportive of our shareholders and we’re here to do whatever is in the best interest for the whole long term of this company and I think over time, as you guys would expect over the long term, there’s going to be shares that are sold, but we can’t comment on it.
Kevin Sheehan: Sure. That’s a great question and one that has me thinking a lot and rather than getting too far ahead of myself, let’s see how this all plays out, but I suspect as you are suggesting, when we get into the second half of next year, we are going to be sitting here saying, guys what do we do with our cash flow? It does not make sense to pay down 2%, 3% debt and of course, we are going to take our lead from our shareholders.  Does it make better sense to be in very – and I don’t know if you guys have followed me back at Sandon or any of the other places I’ve been or Avis, and on a very disciplined stock repurchase program or do we say, hey what’s best for our shareholders? Do they like a dividend better?  So I think we’re going to be listening to our shareholders at what they think is the best thing, but I suspect as we get out into that second half of the year, that we’ll be hearing a little bit clearer of what to do, and we’re going to do the right thing.
Kevin Sheehan: My preference would probably be given where we are. We’d probably be in the stock repurchase program. I think it’s more accretive to our shareholders. But again, I don’t want to do something that would knock some other fence for somebody that may be a good holder that would rather see us have a small dividend or whatever.
Kevin Sheehan: Yes, I mean we are not going to get into too much detail here. We are one brand and when we start to dissect ourselves, it becomes a forensic audit by our competitors that I’m sure are listening in.  So I would just say that if you look at the composition and we’ve talked about the Breakaway being a higher yielding ship, and we've also gone as far as to say that the Epic with that design lends itself to a higher ticket, as well as on board. So you've got to kind of play all of that in.  But other than what I said about Alaska and Europe being more from lower level starting to look like it's coming back the other direction, I don't think I can get too much more detail, other than to point you to our guidance for the third quarter and for the full year, which I think says, hey, these guys are still getting what they said they were going to get, and it narrows the guidance for the full year by into a tighter range.
Kevin Sheehan: Okay. So I would say that a couple of ships have not been impacted to any great extent, a couple of itineraries, but we are on the margin seeing – Alaska I would say, is it a combination of more capacity or is there also some first, because that is a first-timer itinerary in many respects, right? When you think of cruising, that’s something that’s spectacular. Like Hawaii is spectacular and we're the only ones that have the proposition. So certain of these things are just to lend themselves for first time cruisers and that is where more on the margin you would expect the impact. The seasoned cruisers, they just get through this stuff and they keep going and whether it’s our Norwegian people or the other brands that want to try other products out, those people continue to come. It's really the first time guys.
Kevin Sheehan: Exactly. You’re hitting it right on the head. So this is the frustration. When this on the margin happens on the ticket, right, then you start to bring in a, I don't want to say less desirable, but you bring in people that otherwise might not have come on our ship.  So you start to get people that this may be, the ticket may be a bigger piece of their budget, and then when they get on, and we welcome everybody of course, but they may come on and not spend the same way as what happens when we have that perfect match-up with the pricing and getting the best demographics.  So we've done a lot of statistical analysis and data mining to find out who are the categories of guests that bring us the best returns. And what happens is when you can't prioritize those, because they are just aren't enough of them, then you get into the next categories down, and that's what happens. You are exactly right. The demographic comes down; the onboard spending pattern matches that.
Kevin Sheehan: You mean change with that change? I think the one I gave earlier was a perfect one. We love to bring Americans over to our European ships. It's a major vacation for them. They want to see everything. They want to go on every shore excursion. They want to have the time of their lives, versus if you are filling your ship closer in with – not to pick on Spaniards or certain countries over in Europe.  A lot of Europeans have like 20 weeks vacation – I'm exaggerating a little bit. So they have less that they spend on each vacation opportunity. So you kind of see that and as I said, they spend a little bit less on spa, because that’s a shock to them versus the Americans that say, hey, I'm going in for a blah, blah, blah, no matter what.
Kevin Sheehan: Well, yes. I think on the margin we're seeing a bit more of the Americans, but we're also seeing quite a few – and you look at the European economic situation, you're getting a little bit of a later booking from some of these countries, and we're all fighting for the same number of consumers. So in some cases you're getting people that are spending a little bit less from the European side.
Kevin Sheehan: And remember, as Wendy pointed out earlier in the call that our one big piece of that debt steps down from LIBOR plus 2.25 to LIBOR plus 1.50 as we continue to improve our metrics, which was a very important feature that we were able to get done. So thanks Alison. As always, Wendy and Andrea will be available to answer your questions, and we really thank all of you for your time and support and look forward to our next call. In the meantime, have a great rest of the summer.
