Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Look, there is no difference. I just reiterated our position. We feel as strong today as we ever had, perhaps stronger than ever, given that we are now closer to 2017 than we were one quarter ago. And as I said it earlier, bookings, which is the main driver of this business remains strong for 2017, pricing is very strong, double-digit yield growth. So, we've never talked about exceeding the $5 target, while we set $5, but the point I want to get across is nothing has changed. If we were going to exceed it, we're going to exceed it today as much as we were last quarter. And no one should read a whole lot into the change of words that we use whether it was reach or some other word to qualify it. 2017 is looking very, very good and I'm very comfortable with where we are.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I won't talk about the different brands individually. A third of our overall business approximately for European itineraries is sourced in Europe. So, we still rely primarily on the North American consumer. And while we are trying to diversify our channels, as you know over the last year, we've opened offices in Sydney, Australia in São Paulo, Brazil, in Germany, in China, we're still a Northern American centric company, and that's good, because the North Americans paid the highest amounts to go onboard cruises and spend the most money once they are there. But you have to recognize that given the events that have occurred in Europe over the last four months or five months, in multiple situation, it affects the North Americans more so than the local markets in Europe. But, yes, as time and distances from the events, people tend to forget what happened. We put the past behind us, and we look forward. And so, yes, I have seen what I believe is the worst of the downturn in North American market demand for European sailings behind us and have seen an uptick in business in the last four weeks. And we hope that momentum continues. And if it does, we'll see upside to our projection.
Frank J. Del Rio: But it's important to note, Felicia, that we don't need a major rebound in European business to hit our target. We have seen that the business will continue to – it has been and therefore we have reaffirmed our guidance for the full-year, if Europe materially improves then we can see some upside.
Frank J. Del Rio: First half, because the second half is still lightly – so lightly booked that is not material to commentary. Look, our brands are strong, our marketing platforms are resonating in the marketplace. As we have repeatedly said, other than European itineraries, business is stronger than ever, Caribbean is very, very strong, Hawaii, Bermuda. Q1 of 2017 has very little Europe as you know is primarily a Caribbean-centric quarter. And as we, again, distance ourselves from the events of Europe, by Q2 of 2017, things begin to improve. And remember that Norwegian Joy, the new China vessel doesn't come on till Q3. So, the fact that we are, so well booked at such high pricing without the benefit of the China vessel, which we all know is higher yielding than the rest of the fleet is very encouraging for us.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, there's a couple of things. One is, yes, those events are not hitting our customers in the face every day in the news cycle. It's a bit of history, nothing new has happened and let's – hopefully, we keep it that way. But another factor is, because overall travel through Europe is down, the airlines have also had to drop prices. And so, our customers are gaining the advantage of that lower price, so it's more economical for them to travel to Europe. So, that's having an impact as well. The strong dollar helps as well. So, we're hopeful again that the worst is behind us and we've got some green shoots that indicate that, the worst is behind us.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. I'll take the – your question about the Eastern Med and so forth. Our Q2 capacity in the overall Med is 21% and the growth of 26% in Q3. So, it's more, but not so materially more. But we are well booked in Q3. And again, our guidance for the full-year takes the consideration what has happened in Europe in Q2, what impact it had in our Q3 Europe business. And in spite of that weakness, we reaffirm our full-year guidance, which suggest that if Europe hadn't had the difficulties that it's having, our results would have been even stronger, but we do feel confident that in spite of what's happening in Europe and without the need for Europe to have a major rebound as I noted earlier, we are confident of our current guidance.
Frank J. Del Rio: The difference between Q2, Q3 when you talk about Europe in general is that the Baltic which is a very high yielding itinerary and it has been less impacted than the Mediterranean has really comes into focus much more in Q3 than in Q2. In our case, the Baltic represents almost a three-fold increase in capacity over Q2 in the Baltic.
Frank J. Del Rio: It's comparable to the prior-year. And as you know, we started the year in a great book position, so I'm very happy of where we are for 2017. To be more booked, quite frankly, we'd probably be leaving money on the table in terms of yield. And I much more prefer at this stage, to be up double-digit in pricing then have another point or two in capacity.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. Hi, Harry. So, the per diems are up in the mid to high single-digit with occupancy slightly down and slightly down in primarily in Q3 because of the Europe situation we've been discussing. So, I rather be slightly ahead, but not anything significant that we can't overcome, I'd rather much have the up in pricing, because there is so difficult, Harry, to claw back pricing than it is to claw back occupancy. Occupancy is for after that ship sails and comes back again, but that pricing tenure that you have in the marketplace lingers. And so, we're very, very pleased and proud of what we've been able to achieve on the pricing side, all our three brands are recognizing the industry is having the highest yield in their respective categories, and I want to protect that at all cost, so to speak. And the good news for us is that, the tempo of bookings is strong, it is strong, very strong in the fourth quarter, it is very strong in 2017, we know about the slight weakness in the third quarter. But it's been offset again by Explorer being so well booked, just about sold out, it's not sold out in the entire second half. Sirena, a very high yielding ship is also very well booked. And then there is a 40-day charter that it is at a premium pricing. So, as we mentioned in the call, approximately half of our second half yield growth is looked in.
Frank J. Del Rio: I am still confident that a Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings vessel will cruise to queue up before year-end. We continue to make progress on both, happy of where we are and disappointed that I missed your April deadline, but I am getting closer. And again, feel very, very strong that we will have all this wrapped up soon and that one of our vessels will cruise into Cuba first of the year. Look, I still believe that Cuba will garner a yield premium to anything else in the Caribbean. The question is going to be what percentage of any brands or any company's overall capacity will be dedicated to Cuba, and how many sailings will that ship operate in Cuba. Obviously for a company like us that were smaller than our two other competitors in the space, a Cuba or a ship like China that could represent a much bigger impact than it does for others. As you know, Norwegian Joy one vessel in China represents 8% of our capacity. And so, I don't want to say I disagree with where we make that statement; but on a relative term, I think Cuba will likely be more significant for us and it maybe for the other two because of pure size.
Frank J. Del Rio: I don't have that number a couple of my head to give you, but I'll tell you that, that business is baked in, the charter is a contract that baked in, Sirena and Explorer both very high yielding vessels are much more so than the rest of the fleet and that's what gives us the confidence that we are going to be able to achieve our yield in the second half of the year. Like I said earlier, it's roughly half of our projected yields growth in the second half of the year are baked in because of our already strong book position, I remember, I said that our currently book position is up mid to high single-digits in the second half for of the year along with those three items.
Frank J. Del Rio: We typically don't breakout occupancies like that specifically. I will tell you that the back half of the year, the second half of the year, pricing is up mid to high single-digit with overall occupancy compared to this time last year slightly down or the slightly down is all in Q3, because Q4 is slightly up.
Frank J. Del Rio: No, by contract, we can't talk about that charter, it is at a premium to what you ordinarily would generate actually operator or normalized itineraries. But getting back to your first question, about cancellations both Brussels, typically when these kind of events happened, cancellations is not what causes the weakness. If you're booked, you tend to stay. What typically happens is new bookings are harder to come by. And that's what happened after Paris, it's what happened after the Istanbul situation in early January and it's what happened after Brussels. And so, it takes a little bit of time for the new cycle and Brussels as you recall was a heavy new cycle and lingered on for a while. So, it's not behind us, and bookings are begun to come back – it's also primetime, Europe is, this is one people start going to Europe. And so it is possible, although we're not counting on it from the point of view of our guidance that there will be a late Europe booking season, later than normal to bridge the gap from where we are today versus where we normally are.
Frank J. Del Rio: So, in terms of your question on China. Yes, it will be roughly 4% for 2017, because it should come midyear; on a run rate basis based on current capacity, it is 8%.
Frank J. Del Rio: Yeah. In terms of the Q1 occupancy, there is a strong quarter. We had Escape for the first time, we didn't have Escape Q1 of 2015. She's very popular, it's the peak winter Caribbean season. The marketing has resonated very well. We rolled out the Feel Free At Sea promotion. And the vast majority of the inventory was out of Europe and already booked at the turn of the year. Remember, we had a very, very strong book position at the end of the year, which benefited Q1 more than any other quarter, just because of its proximity.
Frank J. Del Rio: What was a headwind in Q1 will turn into a tailwind in future quarters for the reasons that Wendy just said.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, primarily, we source 85% of our business from North America. And therefore 85%, 86% of our business comes in U.S. dollars. So, it's not material, number one; number two, the currency hasn't changed that much.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, we are working to diversify our outsourcing, so that we are not still dependent upon the North American market. It's one of the pillars of the FDR deal that we rollout last year. So, since last year, we opened sales offices in Sydney, Australia. We've opened up three offices in China. We opened an office in Brazil, and we've added resources to both our German offices to take care of Continental Europe and our UK office in Southampton as the UK is our single largest non-North American market. So, that takes time, but we're already seeing an increase in business from these non-North American markets. It's one of the reasons why we feel pretty good about Q3, we'll be able to source more business out of Europe, primarily for the Europe itineraries, although we have to recognize that those likely will come in at a lower price point, because that's just how the European business is. But we do have – we are – booked so well at such high prices for Q3 that we can absorb that. And we don't – I'll take the first part of your question, as we won't breakout the capacity by brand. But overall, our Mediterranean capacity, I think I mentioned earlier in the call, is 26% in Q3 versus 21% in Q2, and only 15% in Q4. For the full-year, it's 17%.
Frank J. Del Rio: Well, thanks everyone, for your time and support this morning. And as always, we are all available to answer your questions throughout the day. Have a great day. Thanks, everyone. Bye-bye.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah. So, I think what's really important to keep in mind here is that as we have rolled out our bundled packages, which actually started in Q1 of 2015, the accounting rules stipulate that the revenue is allocated between the ticket and the onboard revenue based on retail value. So as a result, the individual components are not representative of the selling price in the market. So, what I would focus everybody to concentrate and I have been saying this quarter-after-after, is look at total net yield, or total net revenue. And so, if you look at that – if you just take it on a component basis and try and divide it out by capacity days it looks skewed, when you look at – when you pull apart ticket and onboard, but it's totally as a result of these bundled packages. And then, once we get into Q2, we'll be rolling over like-for-like, when you look at Q2 of the prior-year, before rolling out the bundled packages.
Wendy A. Beck: So, I would just add Kevin that our implied yields are very strong for the back half of the year, approximately 4.5%, but we've also given the cadence that Q3 will be stronger. We don't actually break it out by the brands, but significant strength is coming from those three items, we cited.
Wendy A. Beck: And Tim, from a mix standpoint, nothing has changed. So, roughly 70% HFO, 30% MGO, but we're using brands as a property for hedging for MGO.
Wendy A. Beck: Yeah. So, the updated guidance, Vince, is actually a tailwind for us. So, we've locked it in, it's $13 million to $14 million on a full-year basis that we'll benefit from.
Wendy A. Beck: No, you have that correct. So, it's $15 million in 2016, I would straight line that throughout 2016. And then 2017, first half, there is an additional $15 million of cost. And although that would be a run rate of $30 million for the year, we really just call attention to the fact that the ship isn't there in the first half and it is there in the second half. But even with those costs in 2017, it still – run rate is profitable in 2017 and that is accretive to our $5 EPS target.
Wendy A. Beck: But then just kind of rolling down through Q1, yield as we called the attention to, we have seen much greater strength in the Caribbean. We also saw increased onboard revenue, so you get the right passengers on there, they tend to spend more as we've called attention to. So, we definitely got a boost to our yield. Net cruise cost, some of that is timing, primarily on marketing. On the other income, you can't really model that. So, this is the first time that we've called attention to this mark-to-market on our ATS or advance ticket sales. The advance ticket sales is a liability for the fact that these are future sailings and due to the weakening of the dollar at quarter end, we recorded this, but if rates hold at these levels, it would provide a similar tailwind in the future quarters. So, you book that revenue then as the ship sails, if you will. And, again, we've never really called us on the past, because it was immaterial. So, I don't think from that standpoint, you can really model it, but we will call attention to it in future quarters.
Wendy A. Beck: And I think that's why it's important I called attention to it with the fact that it's $0.02 added on to $0.38 if it wasn't for this mark-to-market, we really delivered $0.40 EPS.
Wendy A. Beck: That's correct. As long as the ship hasn't sailed, your mark-to-market whatever in your liability in ATS, but then once it sails, it's actually in yield.
Wendy A. Beck: Okay. So, when you're saying latitudes program, first off the, advance ticket sales is what are your latitudes number or not. It's all revenue that it deferred, that's on the book. But are you referring to the crude mix program? We are actually booking our crudes in advance.
