Harry Sommer: Sure. Thank you, Jessica. Appreciate the question. You know one of the main strengths and differentiators in our industry is our ability to reposition our assets, which is what we've done with the heightened tensions in the Middle East. The safety and well-being of our guests and crew members are, without a doubt, our number one priority. And when the unrest in the region began in early October, we immediately modified itineraries starting first with sailings turning or cooling in Israel in the ensuing weeks and expanding modifications to include all sailings through 2024. I want to add that, I'm extremely proud of how our marine commercial and brand teams came together quickly to make these modifications and proactively work on confirming alternative port and communicating them to our guests. We will continue to closely monitor and evaluate future sailings and adjust as needed. We know that making changes such as these on short notice is never easy, that our organization has risen to this latest challenge in a way that demonstrates once again while we're the best team in the industry. Operator, open for questions.
Harry Sommer: Dan, thanks for the question. Good morning. So listen, I'll take the yield demand question, and I'll let Mark comment on cost guidance for next year. Listen, of course, this is a tragic event hearts go out to the victims in that part of the world. But we're hopeful that this will be a reasonably short-term event. So while we've seen obviously some impact on Q4, we have very little of our inventory there in Q1. In fact, we don't meaningfully get back to the region until Q4 of next year. So far, absent a handful of sailings we have in Q1 and Q2, and it's a very, very small percentage of our overall inventory, or we continue to be very, very well booked. In fact, I was looking at the report this morning. And every month, every individual month next year is looked at a higher rate than the same month was at this time last year for 2023. So we're not going to provide guidance today. We've talked about that a little bit in the script, but demand for next year continues to look well.
Harry Sommer: No, I too am a firm believer of maintaining pricing discipline. Obviously, that's the key to long-term yield growth. It's really hard to come back from significant price discounting because your guests come to expect it. That being said, we're in a fortunate position to be so well booked for next year, record level, the commentary we've given previously on the call and in the script that we really don't need to turn in that direction even if I wasn't a believer, but to be clear, I am.
Harry Sommer: Sure. So, let me take the part about balancing cost against customer experience, and I'll let Mark talk about margin opportunities and what may happen in the slowdown environment. Listen, we have great data points. At any given point in time, we have 60,000 or 70,000 guests on some part of their vacation experience. So, we get real-time immediate impact as we make changes. In fact, we talk to guests and study changes before we make them to begin with and I think with this robust view towards guest satisfaction scores, onboard bookings, repeat rate, and onboard revenue generation, we know right away whether it's something that we've done is positive or negative. Now, Steve, I'm not going to say we always get it right. But because we have such a methodical approach to making these changes, we get it right much, much more often than we get it wrong. And that's why despite the fact that inflation continues in the world, we've now had three straight quarters of cost reduction. I share my passion. We're not done. Now, I can't promise that we're going to continue to have cost reductions. Mark talked about a few of the headwinds related to dry-docks for next year and inflation is real. But I can promise that we have a continued focus. This is not a short-term initiative, where we're not halfway there. This is a permanent sea change in the way we view the business that we are constantly going to be attacking every single cost in the business to make sure that it's rightsized and balance against giving guests great experiences. Listen, across our fleet at any given time, something like half of our guests are past guests, we would be foolish to do something that would take away from that. That being said, we're still optimistic about the opportunities out there.
Harry Sommer: We don't, Steve, typically comment on a brand-specific basis. I can just reiterate some of the color we gave already. We are in a record booked position for the next 12 months. We're in a record book position for 2024. If you just want to look at that time period and pricing is higher. So I think past that, we're going to take some time over the next few months to develop this long-term strategy, which will impact everything from our choices on deployment, investments, CapEx onboard product. And at the end of the process, we'll be in a good position to give not just guidance for 2024, but clear the clear financial guideposts, if you will, for 2025, 2026 and beyond.
Harry Sommer: Yes. And Vince, the only thing I'd add and just to sort of tie this in for a question earlier today, this reinforces our commitment to price integrity, because we didn't chase trying to fill these close-in cancels with low-yielding business. It makes no sense for us to divert our attention away from 2024 to chase another 100 basis points of occupancy of guests who won't necessarily be high yielding guests and won't likely come back. We prefer to keep our focus on 2024, which as we've now repeatedly said is shaping up quite well with a record booked position on those forward 12-month basis and for 2024 on a stand-alone basis.
Harry Sommer: I would say that Hawaii and Middle East was widespread. The other area was more what would I say on – what’s the word I'm looking for. It was just partial, it was not as widespread. So, for example, we've seen a couple of cruises that go through Turkey. When we talk about Eastern Med that have had a few more than normal closing cancels not so much a suppression of demand for next year, more on the closing cancel. And similarly, we've had some cruises as an example, that go from Dubai to India or in those type of regions, which has also seen slightly more closing cancels. But clearly, Hawaii, Middle East are the ones that were widespread across all three brands and most of our Q4 departures, those are the ones for more sporadic.
Harry Sommer: So I think the 4Q situation and -- first, let me start off by saying good morning, Brandt. The 4Q situation was really limited to Q4 and related to the fact that we didn't quite get the booking curve right. I mean ,we do lots of things right. We didn't get this one quite right. But when I look at Q4 of next year and comparing it to Q4 this year, we are significantly booked ahead for Q4 of next year, both for Asia itinerary specifically and in general, across the fleet. And that gives us confidence that this short-term dislocation, as Mark mentioned, has been solved for next year. I'm not as concerned about Q1, because if you remember, our Q1 comp will now be back against 2023. And in 2023, we had all types of issues in Q1 in Asia because of COVID restrictions and the like. So that is one of the meaningful tailwinds going into next year.
Harry Sommer: So, James, let me try to deconstruct because you sort of touched upon a couple of points. I'll start out by saying that this 4% that we talk about for next year is mostly skewed to Q4. So, it's 1% of our capacity in Q1, 1% Q3, 3% in Q2, and 10% in Q4. And because it is skewed so far in the future, we're optimistic that the alternative itineraries that we're going to put in place that would go to other places instead of Israel have a reasonable time to book at normal levels. And just -- there was sort of a half push in their US assets if it's correct to assume that any time we remove this role, we'll replace it with something else. The answer to that question is yes. We are not planning to fully cancel or lay out any of our ships because of this disruption. I think when we think about this a little bit longer term, I think it will be a while before people are comfortable going back to Israel which is why we are canceling all Israel calls in 2024, even if the complex was and we hope it does, a reasonably short amount of time, we are more bullish about the ability to return to places like Egypt and other places in the Middle East. And quite frankly, we don't go to that many places in the Middle East, as part of our – our normal cruise, that it's just normally part of our transitions when ships come and leave Europe at the beginning and end of each season. So that being said, while obviously, it's a little early to tell, and this is somewhat dependent on how long the conflict goes, we're relatively optimistic that the scope and nature of this will not in any way meaningfully impact our 2024 targets.
Harry Sommer: Yes. Keep in mind, just as a follow-up, that we do have two ships coming in the fleet in 2025, one for Oceania and one for in Seattle, both in the first half of the year.
Harry Sommer: Patrick, they are mostly smaller ships, and it's not a meaningful increase in capacity in the overall scheme of things. So the short answer to that question is no, Patrick. We've not seen any change in the trajectory of bookings for either region for Oceania.
Harry Sommer: At a high level, we have defined optimal as being booked 60% to 65% for voyages departing in the next 12 months. It's not a hard and fast rule. We've also said that we're at a record level you can put those $0.02 together and make whatever extrapolation you like. But it's really much more than that, we like to look at every single voyage where they are in the booking curve. Make sure that we're not managing demand pricing, marking the expense in a way that maximizes our bottom line margins. And that's what we mean by optimal. So there's a macro concept and a granular concept on a voyage basis.
Harry Sommer: Thank you, Patrick. So, once again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We'll be around to answer any questions and you get both Jessica and Sarah today, two for one. So with that, I'd love to wish you a good day. Stay safe and all the best. Thank you.
Mark Kempa: And Dan, I'll take the question on the cost. As we have stated, we have been razor-focused on our cost base, trying to right-size it. And I think we've been very successful at demonstrating that with three sequential quarters of decreased unit cost. As we translate to 2024, there is going to be some pressures. We talked about the dry-dock impact, both from the actual dry-dock cost itself as well as the reduced capacity days. That's going to add about 300 basis points or about $4 to the unit cost. So, if you think of where our exit rate at 2023 is somewhere in the zone of $1.53 to $1.54 on a normalized basis and you add about $4 to that, then the piece we're looking at is where does inflation come into play. I can tell you we have a lot of programs underway as part of our margin enhancement initiative and we're going to keep clawing back at all of our cost base. Too early to say how much of the inflationary pressures we can mitigate. But again, I think our demonstration of what we've been able to do over the last three quarters specifically from the back half of 2022, I think presents some very solid data points to start thinking about from a modeling standpoint.
Mark Kempa: Steve, and related to the margin improvement and flow-through, let me highlight what Harry just said on the cost side. We really are changing the DNA of the company. This is not a one-time opportunity. This is a continued culture change. So we want to stress that, and we are committed to it. I think one of the things that sets us apart on in terms of whether if there's a slowdown, what are the opportunities to try and mitigate that. Look, I think, first and foremost, we have perfected -- almost perfected the bundling strategy. And I think that's been a very good tailwind for us. In addition to that, when you think about the onboard spend, we continue to get smarter and we continue to get better at getting more of the customers' wallet over time from the point they enter our ecosystem. And we talked about in our prepared remarks that our pre-cruise revenue sales were up over 80% versus same time in 2019. So I think that is a strategy that we'll continue to fine-tune. We never get it exactly right. but I think that provides us some additional protection, again, to get that wall over a longer period of time. We are very focused on margin improvement. We've said this will be -- in our case, this will be a multiyear effort. We don't see anything structurally in the business that would preclude us from getting back to 2019 margins and better. But given our fleet and our deployment mix, I think it's going to take us a little bit longer on our path to do that, but we are ultra committed to do so.
Mark Kempa: Yeah. Hi, Vince, I think when you think about the occupancy, I think that is still a good way to think about it on a normal annualized basis that it will be down somewhere 200 to 300 points about in the zone of 105 to 106. When you think about Q4, it really is all about occupancy. If you look at our metrics, we were guiding or expecting somewhere about 101 to 102 for the fourth quarter. And right now, we're forecasting roughly 98 and that really is the vast majority related to Israel and the broader Middle East region. We have seen, as we said, an elevated number of cancellations, as well as a lower volume for the close-in sailings, which essentially top off the ship. As well as, as we talked about, we did see some minor hiccups in our late season Asia itineraries, which we believe we fixed from a structural standpoint. But on the pricing side, look, Q4 pricing was strong. We're still expecting to deliver 15% to 16% pricing. So when you think about the change in Q4 revenue, it really is the vast majority on the back of the load, which results in about somewhere in the zone of $40 million to $50 million as a result of these isolated conflicts.
Mark Kempa: Hi. Good morning, Rob. When you look at 2019, Q4 versus 2019, the 2019 for a myriad of the different reasons was a bit lower than our usual run rate even when you look at all the quarters in 2019. Yes, this is a seasonal business. But generally speaking, our costs are not really exposed to seasonal issues. There was just a lot of noise going on in 2019. I think the more important metric to look at is if you look at the run rate and the consistency over the course of 2023 versus 2022, we continue to move downward. And your comment about the fleet mix, I would like to clarify that a bit because I think when we look where we are today, we absolutely have a higher mix of luxury and ultra luxury product from Oceania and Regent that we didn't have back in 2019. So that is playing a part, but I would not focus so much on the absolute number in 4Q 2019, because I think it just was not a representative run rate going forward.
Mark Kempa: Yes, Brent, there is no change in the strategy. Yes, when you look at 2024, we are 36% hedged. And like we've always said, our goal is we'd like to be about 50% hedged going into a year. And we are just very opportunistic on that front. So, when there's dips in the marketplace, we take advantage of that. There was a little bit of a dip yesterday, and we took advantage of some position. So, no fundamental change in strategy just really timing of the market and when we feel there's a good opportunity to place some additional positions on the books.
Mark Kempa: Thanks, Conor. Yes, you're absolutely right. We don't take after recent grant during December, we don't take our next delivery until spring time of 2025. So we do have a little bit of opportunity there. But I think when you think about the cost and specifically, your question around marketing, there will be -- we do expect a reduction in that area. I would not classify it as a significant reduction because obviously, you are still selling for new capacity that's coming on in 2025, and you sell that well in advance of the delivery date. But of course, we would expect to find some efficiencies on that front simply as a result of that timing between deliveries.
