Thomas Olinger: Manny, collections have been excellent. Actually there's no downward trend. If anything, they're trending up. If you looked at our collections, we're up over 94% this morning and we had a call in Q2 July collections were at 92%. So we're 200 basis points ahead of where we were comparably. We're ahead of 2019 levels across the board and I think collections are actually accelerating a bit from the last quarter, so I am very, very pleased with where collections are.
Thomas Olinger: I think we're – the key for us is for opportunity for expand our growth potential and when those things occur, target determined, but we're always ready. We always maintain significant liquidity. So when the time is right, we're ready to go, but we're certainly not seeing large portfolios on the markets these days. The pricing for our product is well above where we were pre-COVID. So there's a lot of interest for product.
Thomas Olinger: I'll start with that question and I'll kick it over to Mike, but it's probably good to talk about spec development overall and with what our picture looks like. So it's more a reminder we suspended 16 projects in the spring in 18 markets and that was almost $400 million of activity and through last quarter and what we expect in the fourth quarter, we'll restart 10 of those projects and about half of that volume. So we're generally positive on speculative development. And if you look at the next quarter, we will start more spec projects somewhat less than we would've anticipated in January, but it's pretty close to those volumes. So we will be down slightly with respect to spec development during 2020 versus the January forecast. We're actually up significantly with respect to the build-a-suite value. So that's what coming. And Mike you provide some color on that.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah but in terms of implications of rent growth on earnings, I mean basically rent growth globally this year is a little over 2% and probably 2.5% in the US, unless something really strange happens, I expect that number to be pointed up. Now how much up in the last 106 years we've always underestimated rental growth. So I don't know, but the primary driver of earnings growth is going mark-to-market anyway whether on the margin rents growth 3% or 4% or 5%, that incremental amount at least for the next year or two is going to be determined of earnings growth. So I'm not duck to your question. I'm just given that the kind of small changes we're talking about here, I don't think the earnings implications are significant.
Thomas Olinger: I'll take the first question. So with capital and cash same-store, it's lot at the midpoint at it's all timing because we have significantly high rates in both the second and third quarter and new leasing was significantly higher and as a result, what you're seeing is free rent from all of those lease commencement really hitting Q4. So that's a little bit of a danger of using cash same-store here is because of that free rent. It's just kind of hitting in Q4. You'll note that that same-store went up 25 basis points another bad debt. So it's really a timing issue from that initial drag on cash same-store.
Thomas Olinger: Let me take a stab at that Caitlin because that's are really interesting question. I think you’ve heard many, many times from different people that this economic recovery is still occasional. There is the world of haves and the world of have-not and relatively literally in the middle compared to most other periods. While both of those things drive [ph] attention now, the companies that are doing really well and expanding their business need more space by definition against same space and lead to secure new space and the companies that are at the bottom of the K are going out of business or doing poorly, so they're going back of their space. So I think as long as you're divulging from the middle for some period in time, you'll see declining retention together with the fact that we're pushing rents more than we were in Q2, certainly Q2 now and that's likely to drive retention downwards, but having said all that as margins in our portfolio if of the billion square feet, once you go through how much of its quarterly turns, which is about 40 million feet one of the few retails can move that percentage around between 70% and 80% pretty significantly. So I don't get that excited quarter-to-quarter. I look at trailing fourth quarters as an indicator and if you look at that, our numbers have been forever, so anchored around 75% and little higher and little lower, but around that average.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah I'll take that. 1031s are very embedded in real estate transactions. As I think it's been around for almost a 100 years, but I think there is reason why we think clearly manage in fact change does happen, I don't know the probability of that change, but if it does happen, we can manage it extremely well. The first thing is from a sales perspective, we've always thought we're going to be extremely patient. We're very under-levered, but frankly under-deployed a bit. We're getting back to probably Jamie's initial question and so we can be very, very patient on sales. And then the second thing would be our dividend payout ratios in the low 60%, close to 60% this year and we're generating about $1.1 billion of excess cash flow. So what would happen at the 1031 exchange? If eliminated right, our taxable income could go up to the extent we sold assets and capital gaining component of our dividend would increase and that would upward pressure on our dividend, but you can read that significantly well payout ratio and we're generating $1.1 billion free cash flow. So while we utilize it, we can certainly manage around it.
Thomas Olinger: It's the former and frankly that smaller spaces have two kinds of tenants and they have big tenants in smaller spaces where they're more closer industry issues and those are just feeling fine and then there are smaller spaces, smaller businesses that are more vulnerable to this economic downturn and therefore there is more churn there. I expect that to and sort of the market getting better is because a lot of that churn took place in the early days and as the data that goes by, the survivors are surviving all the odds. So I expect that to decline. The problems in these small spaces and the small tenants the decline and at some point it will flip because during the aftermath of economic downturns, in the past business formations have really skyrocketed and I expect a lot of people that are either being laid off or moving their businesses will get back little bit. So that will come back but it may be a lag but things are relatively small spaces are just fine, no problem.
Thomas Olinger: I think we're in the early stages of shipping earlier than mid stages of e-commerce to go up and I think what happened in the last several months is exactly five to seven years of growth. So I don't we're going to give any of that back. I think you going to plateau for a while as people go back to regular shopping and restaurants and uniting at home and all those things and then light backup at a more elevated level. So the big way to keep your eye on is that if the tsunami of e-commerce coming through. What happened to the ripples on top of that big wave frankly in which quarter, I have no idea honest and it varies market by market. But we don’t run our business based on the ripples on top of the big wave. In terms of our dynamics in the marketplace that could make it difficult for the demand of that wave to be fulfilled, the answer is yes, the most desirable markets are the ones with the tightest land. The most difficult in finding large pieces of flat land that you can build these buildings that e-commerce player's demand etcetera, etcetera. So with every passing day, we're having more demand for that sector. Now it's elevated and it's stabilizing with a much higher level off of which it's going to continue to grow and it's showing up a lot of the land that there is short supply in the more desirable markets. So I think that's the positive trend.
Hamid Moghadam: Hi Derek, it's a good question and one that we ask ourselves often, but there is no going back and playing that hand again because when you're looking at -- you're sitting there in March and looking at what could happen, you make certain decisions. I think generally we could have push rents harder have we known how this was going to play out, of course we didn't. I think that its gas in the tank for the next 12 months. So I am pretty optimistic about our ability to continue to grow rents and we turn over 15%, 16% a year. So if we were a quarter or two late on pushing rents by a little bit, by the time you worked through that 15% and a little bit of rent growth change, the numbers become minuscule in terms of what we may have missed, but whatever that was I think is fueled for our future growth.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, the other thing I would add to that is that in freestanding retail by large is more western and southern phenomenon because by definition those cities are less spends and actually that's kind of not where you want to have freestanding and last touch retail you want to have it in dense metro areas and if somebody has got a retail box in that metro area, they're likely to be doing pretty well with retail on it anyway. So it's sort of a catch-22 that places where you can find these boxes are not the places that there is heavy duty last touch that demand. The trick is getting the availability and the demand picture in the same spot.
Hamid Moghadam: Hi Vikram, thanks for the question. So as Tom shared in his remarks, global rent growth is on pace for 2% this year of Prologis share basis, higher than that in the US, roughly flat in Europe and the US and better than that call it 1% in Japan, that's a good number for Japan. What that looks like in 2021, we don't disclose the numbers, but what I do think about other headwinds and tailwinds for our business and to an earlier question, these trends suggest an improving trajectory for rent growth. When I think about the positives for our business, I think about low vacancy in a lot of markets around the world, the structural drivers that Tom outlined in his script are really revealing themselves both e-commerce and inventory levels. We've seen positive momentum in the third quarter and solid proprietary data and there is this potential decline in COVID uncertainty COVID economic weakness. You got to say that against the lack of clarity on COVID and some of the challenges that are intended with the recession that will play out in 2021.
Hamid Moghadam: I think with respect to the legs of e-commerce and the effects on development going forward, I would still say we're in the very early innings of that in the long term and I think as long as we're in COVID, the growth rate in e-commerce is going to be very, very significant, but as we come off of COVID, I expect that could take a little bit of a pause. It still would be at a very elevated level compared to where it was below COVID and it will start growing off of that elevated level. But I think it will pause, because I think a lot of people will just want to get out just somewhat back to normal, but in effect had a reset in the demographics that really have evolving e-commerce because the whole generation of people that before did everything analogs are now using digital. With the exception of wanting to get out in the short term and do some things that they miss filling, but if we could go back and figure out where e-commerce was before COVID and it's likely to grow off of post COVID I would guess there is an 8% or 9% maybe 10% change between those two levels pre and post COVID. So we got one in five maybe seven years of e-commerce penetration that will be sustainable as a result of COVID.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Let me take a stab at both questions and Eugene may have more comments certainly on the second one. China occupancy is concentrated in Western China in Chengdu and [indiscernible] and then you know it shows the operating metrics in a big way but in terms of our share of that way pretty de minimis kind of number. Having said that, the way land allocations work in China is that it opens up they allocated by Thailand and the requirement value that you have to start construction in two years and that obviously does not allow development to be matched with demand fees because you have this sort of worst development starts that they impose on you for giving you that scarce plan. So that happened on a number of projects in Western China that we will had of course to start all at once and that one right into when China shut down and Western China is very auto centric. So the combination of all those things got a bunch of vacancy in Western China. It's about 70% of total spec vacancies in the whole company, but again the impact on our P&L has been relatively small given our interest, but we need to get a belief and we are going through a strategy of actually going for occupancy and be less rent sensitive because leases in China are very short in duration and we're going to get that back and we've seen exactly the same movie in years past in other regions in China. So we're pretty confident that it will not be an issue long-term. With respect to valuation differences, I can't think of a place in the world where valuation has not increased post-COVID. Now maybe there are individuals market-by-market differences, but in terms of US, Canada and Mexico, Brazil, China, Japan, Europe, Europe is probably the number one declining CapEx among the global locations and it has a direct relation to two things. One interest rates are at historic lows and everybody is pretty much concluded that they're going to be lower for longer and secondly the money that was otherwise being allocated to other sectors of real estate like retail and hospitality and office is actually not going there. So everybody has become a logistics aficionado, so a lot of that money. We're sort of seeing people show up that the number we saw before. So there are a lot more players on the device space and I think that's a pretty good thing if you own a billion square feet of this stuff.
Hamid Moghadam: I think our retention is going to be between 70% and 80% likely it has been forever and there's always churn in the portfolio and the normal characters are probably concentrated in retailers and big box retailers are being dis-intermediated by e-commerce, but there are some retailers that are doing extremely well. Obviously there are home improvement sectors as Mike mentioned and the groceries and the like are doing pretty well and a lot of the ones that are doing sort of well but not super well are actually taking this opportunity to redo their networks and community lease space because they now realize that e-commerce is not a theoretical threat to them, but they better next time get going on this because what they expected to see happen over five or ten years has happened in the last six months. So I think, I'm not trying to duck your question, but you look at the list of the troubled retailers the Penny's and the [indiscernible] world and all that included the day portfolio, we have two of them that frankly been below my radar screen. They're still de minimis but our teams are very focused on moving and there are frankly many, cases those boxes are at least substantially below market. So we're happy to get them back and it's not an issue we usually look at.
Hamid Moghadam: I'm not sure what you mean by detail. I think we were pretty early and adamant that its inventory rebuilt. We went out and quantified at 5% to 10% and we gave you a projection of what that would mean in terms of incremental demand and the evident that's come into that time is pointing more to the high end of that range that it puts to the line of that range, that is a general trend, so it's expected more of less to affect our all markets evenly. The general people are carrying more inventory. The cost of carrying inventory is much lower because of the interest rates and the cost of making sales is very high. So people are generally carrying more inventory. With respect to e-commerce, I think they've been pretty specific about the percentages of sales that are going to go through the e-commerce channel and what the implications of that are on demand based on the 3X factor. So I think it can us through facts and apply to historical demand pictures in every market and cost of demand, but I don't think it's would be good for me to try to go through the markets we're in with the prediction that are not going to be correct anyway.
Hamid Moghadam: I think the bigger issue have been the two specific things you asked about is that California is becoming increasingly difficult place to do business in and it's not just these two things, but it's all the crazy propositions that are on the ballot this year and if you really want to be entertained you can read the ones that apply to San Francisco that are even funnier. But California better get it back together because otherwise they're going to kill the base and that is a concern for everybody. Having said that, it is the world's largest, the fifth largest economy and continues to be the center of innovation and a lot of adventure in the world. So we model through but sure the politicians they're making it very difficult for this economy to remain competitive. So that's much more concerning than our 1031 specifically at least to me.
Hamid Moghadam: Excellent question and let me just pile on to your question. I think there are two businesses, one is the development business and one of the investment management business, that I guarantee if I took the numbers of our development business and part of use for each family business and by the way, we have those numbers going back to year 2000 okay and show that to your home analyst at Citi, I bet you truly will value at 2.5 times book, with book to development business and a multiple that's more in the team. And if I did the same thing, the investment management business actually showed them the numbers, the trends in those numbers the permanent capital nature of most of those funds well over 90% and the stickiness of those and the promote history of those funds, I am willing to bet you that they’ll put a 25 multiple on the pre-promote number and will give us the present value of the promotes on top of that and net of it is I think both of those businesses are valued at about 30% to 40% of what they should be. Now that leads to really under my spend and we spend a lot of time trying to figure out what you can do with sections all that kind of stuff. The government issues that come along with that are very difficult and complicated and painful, where do you develop, how do you change where it's done and frankly it doesn’t matter anymore. It's $140 billion enterprise and whether it's couple billion dollars here and there in terms of incremental value, eventually people will get it and will give us credit for it. So I guess to answer your question in a very straightforward way, the latter statement that we make, we're trying to give enough the complexities are not worth, the incremental value that we may get in the short term. I'm sure we'll better do long time because the evidence it's becoming so indisputable that it's kind of actually meaningful at this moment more than annoying.
Hamid Moghadam: The answer to your second question is yes. We have an idea whether it will, we will share with you on the next call when we provide guidance for 2021. With respect to non-REIT players, they continue to be by far but they just in aggregate sector of development have always been and will continue to be the better REITs as large as they may be. I don’t know 20% of the business may be in the more relevant markets. So really the part of my case was vast majority of the 30s and I'd say yeah there is some undisciplined development in the private area, but I would say other than Poland, I can't really think of a crazy example of that. Maybe Houston, maybe Houston and Poland but by factor of five, it's Poland and maybe somewhere. And the reason for it is not that these private developers or public developers have forgotten how to build buildings or any less interest in building, and just really cost define the land being had on them to build the buildings of their size that the market demand to meet a lot of this virtually demand from the big day commerce.0 So I think it's just tough and so development levels are going to be muted because of the difficulties of navigating that. I mean advisory large pieces of land in the desirable markets and our belief that the West Coast and all that are initially three to four years on large pieces of land and you got to jump through all kinds of needs and complexities. So it becomes difficult to tie up with this piece of land to take it through their impediment process. We get a lot here a lot there and it's just difficult. So that's what I would say about it.
Hamid Moghadam: There are a lot more players and our acquisitions are not sort of the no brainer acquisition that are a race to who accepts the lowest IRR. Just to say that there are lesser business. We're not in that business. We show up that every one of those options to get people on that been going on but honestly that they're not buying a whole lot of clean perfect brochure quality. I think the pipeline market on some of those things that we've seen recently just beyond ridicule. I think most of our volume comes from more infill, more reposition plays, last touch plays, urban plays. So the stuff that the ratio of the cost of money to the level that we're compelling you towards level of effort and talent and customer relationships. So we know where our strengths are. If it's a race to who accepts the lowest IRR, that's not the business we're in. We leave it to the people who really like that business and there seem to be more and more of them every day. But we have great visibility and as you know you may remember that people always ask me about acquisition guidance and I say I'm $0 billion to $10 billion and we've exceeded the top end in the path and we've been zero at the time. We don’t have a budget for acquisitions because it all depends on pricing and availability and quality of properties. You can make your acquisition guidance Q1 as we hear, but it would not be equivalent thing to do it. But when you get this close to the end of the year, you have visibility on really what's happening not only this year but through the middle of the fourth quarter next year and that's what's the recent confidence to increase those numbers. They're mostly high effort value-added types of things, not that passive and no brainer.
Hamid Moghadam: Caitlin, I think that was the last comment. So I want to thank everyone for attending our call and we look forward to meeting with you in the new year and sharing our 2021 guidance. Thank you.
Eugene Reilly: It's Gene. I'll take that and others may pile on. Houston for sure is going to face headwinds. There's a ton of supply in that market and you guys know the story there. Chicago, we feel a little bit better about. Actually that market is fairly strong and elsewhere in the US from a supply perspective, things actually look pretty good. We have seen in this quarter a significant increase in absorption and a corresponding increase in supply in supply during a very low vacancy rates across the board. So we actually feel pretty good and in the US, Houston would be the concern on supply at this point.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah it's Gene, I'll take the Prop 15 and probably take the other question Tom. So with respect to Prop 15 first of all, we've to see passes, the polling looks right now like it probably won't pass, but if it does, there are a few things to keep in mine. One it's going to take a couple of years for the individual county assessors to respond, mobilize and put it into action. The other thing is relative to Prologis, our average tax vintage is 2012. So we're in relatively better shape than for example local owners and of course this has passed through revenue to customers our real concern is taking care of our customers and we hope this doesn’t pass. It's just another tax in California to these businesses. But bottom line is long-term not a big impact to us. Undeniably, there will be some effect on rent growth, but we got to see if this passes first. And on 1031, Tom will take that.
Eugene Reilly: Sure Dave, thanks. So on your first one just regarding straight-line rents, those are netted down again termination fees. So when you see a termination fee, those are net of those. Listen it's termination fees are probably about where it's $3 million in the quarter if you looked over a long period of time. I don’t have a precise number, but it's a straight line of that component of $1 million net of it. So it's calculated, we certainly take into consideration and the fact that calculation as well. Regarding deferrals, I've been very happy with deferral collection. So we build deferrals. To date are about $40 million of the deferrals, it's 61 basis points of annual growth rent. We've build two $20 million of that or half of its due. We collected 95% of that already. Most of that's 5% to collect is really in October, but it's trending very normally with prior months. So I'd expect the vast majority of all that to come in. Of the $40 of deferrals, we'll build a total of 80% of that this year. So we'll knock that out of the way. We've got about half of it collected already and we'll get another 30% by the time of the end of the year. So I think this should be wrapped up by the time we get to the end of the end of year. We'll have some of that evolving to '21 but if they're get taken care of and due to our stock feel very good about collections and very good about deferrals.
