Thomas Olinger: Okay. I'll start with that. So from a leasing perspective, we certainly saw leasing activity picked up materially in June. June was a very high month. And as I mentioned in the last 30 days, we've certainly seen our leasing accelerate. As it relates to occupancy in Asia, it's related primarily to China and small spaces under 100,000 square feet.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. Sumit, on your second question on promotes in the second half, it's going to be lower, really small because the promotes are effectively just based on development. There is very little AUM in those funds. That is promote eligible in the second half. And remember, we've got $0.03 of promote expenses that will also will be incurring in the second half of the year.
Thomas Olinger: Okay, Blaine. So on the rent collection, as I'll restate, so in June, we collected 98%. In July, we collected 92.1%. We deferred about 195 basis points of rent in June and about 70 basis points of rent in July. So that rents not due. So it's not in those numbers of those collections numbers. Now our collections, as I stated, are doing extremely well. We're ahead of last year since March. Every month, we're ahead of schedule. Now, we believe we are going to collect all the cash with the exception of what we think we've covered in a bad debt reserve. So, we've assessed. We've gone through -- we've assessed industries, we've assessed space sizes. We've looked at all the different metrics. We've looked at individual customers across our portfolio and we feel really good about that bad debt range of 60 basis points to 90 basis points. Now it's lower than we had projected in April, for sure, meaningfully lower, but it's because of the collections are so strong. And if -- I would anchor back also to the fact that our bad debt history on average is about 20 basis points. If you go back 14 years, 15 years, we've averaged 20 basis points of bad debt. Now, our high was 56 basis points in the GFC, and that's kind of what we saw here in Q2. So, I think we've got the second half bad debt adequately covered in the range probably and then some. And I feel good about getting the rest of this cash in the door.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah, this is Gene. I'll take that one. We are certainly seeing better activity with bigger spaces and that is where the -- has led to taking those markets off the list. And conversely, small spaces have struggled. We see more softness in this category. And this is -- these are segments that we're focused on. But having said that, our property quality is excellent in those segments and we'll expect recovery. But right now, you certainly see better activity in the bulk spaces.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. Let me take the second part of that first. The places that we see undisciplined development are few. Poland is clearly one and I would say Houston is seeing more buildings than they should. I mean there's more product coming online in Houston than the demand warrants. But generally, I would not say there is an older building problem or anywhere near it. And if you look at the numbers that I think Tom talked about at 250 million square feet, that's about the normal run rate for construction. And it's actually a little bit down from our forecast at the beginning of the year. So, I think this year demand will fall short of that level of construction, but it's not because the supply is excessive. It's because demand temporarily will take a dip. And in my view, we'll accelerate as we come out of this thing because of the growing percentage of e-commerce and also the need to carry more inventories. With respect to the first part of your question, could you ask that again because I'm kind of a little unclear about it, oh, conversions, conversions. Look, there is a lot of talk about it and I think in time, you will see conversion, particularly of retail. And -- but there are obstacles and we should talk about those obstacles. Number one, a box in the middle of the shopping center is subject to all kinds of reciprocal easement agreements, and it's not really easy to go back and just redevelop one box. Obviously, those boxes are in the right locations because they are in the middle of dense populations and high levels of income. So the locations are good, but there are internal dynamics that make it difficult to do that. So you have to respect the REAs and all the other arrangements. Also zoning is an issue because you need to convert from retail to industrial zoning and that takes longer than you can imagine because neighborhoods don't want trucks and traffic there. And finally, there is an economic issue where these retail boxes are in somebody's books for several hundred dollars of square foot, and you need a number much lower than that to make sense for logistics because you need to also spend money to convert them to logistics uses. It's not like that they're set up that way. So, I think in time, you'll see more and more of this kind of development, but it's not a surge. And I think we are involved in a number of them, but it's tougher and it takes longer than you can imagine. The stuff that you hear about hotel rooms or offices being temporarily used for logistics, we've seen that before during the holiday season when things get really crazy. But those are really for last touch distribution purposes. They're not really permanent space because economically, they're not viable for long-term logistics use.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah, John. It's Gene. I'll take that one. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't draw a conclusion from the next two quarters forecast on our optimism about the demand. Demand has been good. As we mentioned at the outset and have, about 60% of our portfolio, customers are expanding, but some are shrinking. So it's a balanced view for the rest of the year. And the reality is that until we come out of COVID and we see economies reopening, we won't have complete clarity. So, I would actually point to later in the year 2021, we're going to come out of this. And I think as Hamid said a few moments ago, I think you'll see a continuation of the rent growth. But until there is clarity on reopening, there has to be -- you have to have a balanced view.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. And you asked Jon about underwriting -- and we're actually a little bit ahead of underwriting on both of those portfolios, even through then what we've seen in the last few months. And we'll revisit that at the end of the year. But things are looking good. Obviously, for Liberty, the Houston exposure is going to be challenging for a bit. But on the other hand, Pennsylvania portfolio, which is the biggest piece of it, has actually done quite well, leading us, by the way, to bring Central Pennsylvania [indiscernible] a lot to us, so a little bit ahead of plan so far.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. I mean, specifically, Jamie, we're adding sort of a net of $250 million of spec to the plan. We're still way below the January forecast, and those are like 15 projects in 15 different markets. So, there are bets that are being placed based on the customer demand in those markets. And I wouldn't be surprised if that number increases. You also asked about what happens going into 2021. I think we'll wait to see what happens before we talk about 2021, but we obviously have a much more confident view on building spec today than we did in April.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is, you asked specifically about rent growth in infill locations. And to date, we have certainly seen much more, much higher rent growth in these locations. And as you can imagine, there is a bit of market pricing discovery going on because these are submarkets that generally are immature for this kind of use and the product types basically span a huge range. But so far those -- the growth in rents has actually surprised us to the upside.
Eugene Reilly: Yeah. So in Pennsylvania, it's all leasing. So the improvement is related to leasing. In Houston, you have obviously two headwinds in demand. You've got energy pricing as well as COVID. And you have a huge amount of construction in progress at the beginning of this year. Now, some of that was suspended. But frankly, the vast majority was not. So, you're going to have an overhang of space in Houston easily going into next year some time, because there's just so much supply. In terms of developers being disciplined or not, I think, frankly, the jury is out on that. Right now, things appear to be disciplined. But I would have hoped frankly that we would have seen more projects stopped. We didn't see that. So I think we -- I think we need to monitor that aspect of it, but unfortunately in Houston, you have a supply issue as well as the demand issue.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I think this is more like the Borg-McEnroe match back in the late '70s. We don't know how many innings are in this game. We keep going into overtime. And I think we're very early in the rollout of e-commerce. E-commerce started the year in the low teens in the US. The numbers vary in different places. And there is no telling how far it can go. If it goes to 20% to 25%, which is where it was at the beginning early stages of COVID or stabilizes higher than that, this could be very, very early in the e-commerce rollout. And initially, obviously, we've had a clear market leader, which is Amazon in excess of 40% of the total volume, but we are seeing breadth in terms of different e-tailers that are now growing their businesses and have founded their footing. So, I think we're in very early stages and as you know, e-commerce has a sort of a supercharged effect on logistics' demand.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Thank you, Vikram. So two questions. With respect to market rents in the US, I think the best way to think about them is that we are basically on the same track were before, but with a pause and interruption. In other words, I would say in this era of COVID, the growth hasn't continued. I believe they will flatten for the balance of this year just like our guidance suggests. And then we'll pick up on the path of growth. And the reason I believe that is because there has never been a cycle growing into it or going into it. We've had high occupancies, vacancy being under 5%, and also very high utilization rate in the mid 80s. And there is no sign that those numbers are in anyway deteriorating. So, I think the market continues to be strong and I think it will be back on a trajectory of rental growth, not too dissimilar with -- from what we were projecting at beginning of the year. With respect to use of capital, I continue to believe that there is relatively little differentiation between different companies. So M&A is usually pretty tough. I mean, we've done it successfully in a couple of instances, but increasingly the targets are less and less compatible with our portfolio in terms of quality. And also, there is a pretty -- the companies are trading right on top of each other in terms of multiples. Don't ask me to explain that because the growth rates, at least, historically been substantially different. But I don't make the market react to it. The place that is always the best use of capital for us is building out our land bank because we already have the land and the incremental returns on capital are the most attractive, particularly with the kind of margins that we were talking about earlier and Mike referred to now. That's a pretty disciplined business. You can't do an infinite amount of that kind of development, but that's the first place we would go to. On straight acquisition of assets, look, I'd just like to -- I said last quarter, I don't think pricing of logistics real estate is going to soften. In fact, I think cap rates are going to compress because there is a lot of capital that's placed to go into real estate and obviously, there are sectors that are not going to attract their fair share capital like they did before. So that capital is piling in the few sectors that are performing well. So, I think the best use of capital is building out our land bank.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And the only other thing I would add to that is at the beginning of the year, we're forecasting essentially 260 million feet of demand and supply, and now we're projecting 250 million feet of demand and -- sorry, supply, and 160 million square feet of demand, which is down from our original forecast. So if you forecast 90 million square feet of demand, obviously, you have to go along with a pause in rental growth. So that sort of outlook is consistent both between demand and the rental picture that goes along with it. But when we come out of this thing, I think for reasons we've described before, namely an increase in inventory generally 5% to 10% and also the stabilizing share of e-commerce of the higher level than before will actually lead to a surge in demand, which will make up, in my view, more than the 90 million feet we lost or we project to lose this year. But nobody knows, I mean, these are all our best guesses.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. International is a big spectrum. And on one side of it, you have places like Poland, which is suffering from overbuilding. You have Spain, which has weakened demand and then you have places on the other end of the spectrum that you would never get. Tokyo is under 1% vacancy. Osaka where the vacancy was in the teens is now in the 5% range, and we're leasing up pretty much everything we are building ahead of schedule. So obviously, there is a wide variety overseas. But if you sort of throw all of the overseas markets together, I would say generally, they are a tad slower than the US, but not materially so. And Gene may have more granular comments on that, but very consistent actually in terms of -- in terms of market strength.
Hamid Moghadam: Customer behavior in short. Jamie, Gene is going to give you the real answer, but the short answer is customer behavior. We don't make the market. We just observe what happens on a real-time basis. But, Gene, go ahead and talk about the details.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thought that I will just join there, you've heard us talk about this many times, but logistics rents are only 2% to 5%, call it or give it a wide range of total logistic costs and the rest being made by labor and transportation. So really the ability to pay for the customer is not the issue because even if they paid 20% more rent on an item that's 4% of their total logistics costs, that's 80 basis points more in costs. So that's not what drives it. What drives really rental growth is how anxious is your best next competitor in terms of dropping out rents. That's what determines this, not the customers' ability to pay rent. And generally speaking, when you're operating at around 5% vacancy, which is where we are, there aren't that many competing spaces around. So, we continue to do -- we continue to have pricing power generally in most markets. Obviously, the Houston's of the worlds are different.
Hamid Moghadam: Not materially. Mike, not materially. Right before this thing, the lease durations had extended, probably the longest we've seen in about a decade. But -- and basically leases that are of term has stayed about the same level of duration. While we have higher month-to-month leases and that is pretty typical of what happens in this part of the cycle where normally somebody who's business was growing may be coming out of a smaller space going to the bigger space or going the other way frankly. But moving is expensive and committing to a new space is expensive. So, sometimes the best solution is just to basically pay overage rent and kick it out couple of months. So, we have a higher percentage of leases under one year. But the ones that go longer than a year are about the same profile as they were before. And with respect to escalation structures, pretty much consistent with before, slightly more free rent on the front end, which is how the effective rent comes down. I think Tom mentioned that the effective rents were down 1.7%. Face rents haven't changed all that much in most markets.
Hamid Moghadam: The thing I would say about Walmart specifically is that, obviously, we had them in one property in the Bronx. And as you probably have read in the headlines, they no longer needed that property because of what you described and we were able to re-lease it with no interruption to another major e-commerce player at actually very attractive economics. So that's the only direct impact that I can see from Walmart if your question is specific to Walmart. And they didn't have much of a presence in the New York area anyway too, for it to be a headwind. So, they were just really getting started. They had tried for many years to get into that market, but it had proven to be a difficult market to get into. And it appeared for a while that e-commerce was the way they were going to come into the market and apparently, they've changed their mind. I don't know if your question was broader than Walmart. But that's the story with Walmart.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, Ki Bin, if you remember in the last call and actually the call before that, we pushed that back. We are very under deployed right now. Our leverage is under 20%. And so there is no rush whatsoever to sell those properties. If you do a little bit of poking around, you pretty quickly figure out that we've got a pretty significant portfolio from IPT -- from Liberty for sale in the UK. And that one, we are in the process of collecting letters of interest and offers. And I would tell you that demand for that product is triple or quadruple what we expected. And I think we're going to have a very strong execution on that. But on the rest of it, we're not -- we haven't even put out the packages because why do it? We don't need to do it right now and we can adjust a bit. That's very liquid real estate and we can do that anytime and our decision is to push that out until we have more deployment and meet the capital frankly more.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We actually look at that on a daily basis and, obviously, even more detail than what you just asked. We look at it by country, and we can have the ability to actually drill it down by market. So obviously, we're always focused on collections. But I would say we are a lot more focused on collections in the last four months or five months. And we have very good data on that. I would say there are two countries that stand out as collections being materially lower than elsewhere. And those are France and the UK. And part of it is that the government has gone out there and basically said, you don't have to pay your rents. And so a lot of people are -- and a lot of very healthy companies, I mean, household names are just choosing not to pay the rent for now. But their ultimate collection of those numbers, of those rents are not subject to those regulations. And we believe we'll collect the vast majority of them. But if you take those two markets out, Asia is on the other side, we have no deferrals or no late payments almost or no defaults to speak up in Asia. So if you throw it all in the blend there, the numbers are very comparable between the US. They are within a couple of 100 basis points between the US and the rest of the world. And with the two that I mentioned being the meaningful deviations. I think that was the last question. So, really want to thank you for your participation. Sorry about all the logistical glitches today, but that's the world we live in. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Take care.
