Christie Kelly: Thanks Denny. Good afternoon everyone, as Denny mentioned I would like to provide an update o our first quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. I am pleased to report that our first quarter of 2011, core FFO with $0.28 per share. The results were in line with our expectations and the consensus estimates for the quarter. Our core earnings from rental operations remain stable, even as we continue to re position our asset mix. Our service operations continue to have strong results from the progress on the Brass project in Washington, DC, which is moving to completion later this year. We also had a strong backlog of projects for the service operation business. On the capital transaction side, the timing of the closing of the CBRE Realty Trust transaction combined with the other asset disposition resulted in a cash balance of $167 million as of March 31, 2011. And I am pleased to say a zero balance on our unsecured line of credit. As Denny mentioned, we are looking at acquisition and development opportunities that make sense in order to re-invest the cash balance. We made good progress during the quarter on some of our key capital strategy metrics. Specifically, our fixed charge coverage ratio improved to 1.8 one time from 1.7 nine time at year-end 2010. Net debt to EBITDA improved to 6.66 times from 7.31 times at the year-end and debt to gross asset remained at 46%. We retired $42.5 million of unsecured bonds in March with available cash. Our maturities for the remainder of 2011 totaled just over $355 million. Our capital strategy call for the retirement free use of cash proceeds from asset sales of refinancing unsecured bonds when the timing and pricing makes sense. We are pleased with our progress today in our capital strategy and our focused on achieving our goal. We will continue to address our capital plans in accordance with our assets and operating strategy. With that I will turn it back over to Denny.
Christie Kelly: Steven, I'll jump in there. In terms of the LTV, we're looking at 50% to 60% off LTV venture and specifically as it relates to the permanent debt proposals and/or LOI's that have in hand, very attractive, very aggressive pricing in terms of rates. We are talking about four, to mid five.
Christie Kelly: And Brendon, I am just jumping there again we’ve got almost 179 cash in bank and to that point we’ve been running our line really just with what I’ll call just for timing purposes, we’ve gone up on our line a bit. Denny and I have been very specific about not using that line as a permanent source “financing” and to that point have no intention of doing that in the future. So, even as we closed the quarter we had a little bit up on our line effectively with the disposition, brought that down and now have a lot of cash in bank.
Christie Kelly: There was really nothing of note, Brendon, whatsoever. I mean to the extent that there was maybe some timing on some larger deals that we did with a little free rent, that’s about it. But, there is nothing out of the ordinary projected for the year and nothing that I can make note of for the quarter.
Denny Oklak: Thanks Christie. We are pleased with the start to 2011 and we are optimistic about the remainder of the year. We are executing our operation strategy through leasing in our portfolio and pursuit of development opportunities primarily in medical office and industrial build-to-suit projects. Our current development pipe line is well leased comprise of high quality projects that step in to our long term asset plans. The acquisition disposition activity in the first quarter of 2011 continued our progress on the ultimate repositioning of our portfolio to 60% bulk industrial, 25% suburban office and 15% medical office. Our balance sheet is strong and our long term focus is to continue to improve, key coverage of metrics to reset of our vacant space. This process will take some time, but we are well positioned heading into the rest of 2011. Finally with the solid start to the year, we have reaffirmed our core FFO guidance of $1.06 to $1.18 per share for 2011. Thank you again for joining us today and now we will open it up for questions.
Denny Oklak: Yes, sure Sloan the pricing is, as you can imagine a little bit all over the board on suburban office depending on the age, the location, the market, but we are in sort of the 8.8% cap rates, what we call the stabilized cap rate range for what we reported for this quarter and I would point out that there was some - a little bit higher cap rate and some of those assets the once in particular that were part of that Nashville portfolio that were located in not the best office sub market in Nashville and - or probably 25 years old. But I think for the good quality assets again we’re seeing cap rates and probably the seven and three quarters to eight the quarter range today. And I think we are pleased with what we proceed, the state of the market is for being able to do dispositions As I mentioned on the remarks, we are very pleased that we did see a major bank come in and provide just a loan for our real estate acquisition project. We just really had seen that from the banking industry for quite a long time. And again, the terms on that were 50% to 55% loan to value which is still a little bit on the lower side but at least the money is becoming available. So we're going to continue on the repositioning strategy and actively market - continue to actively market a number of our office properties.
Denny Oklak: Well we do think about that. But I would say that, we are finding a fair number of acquisition opportunities, so we're not really slowing down or trying to limit the dispositions at this point in time.
Denny Oklak: Well, again I think it is really good, the pace of the overall economy is going to drive it about as much as anything else. To get an improvement in that number, so be, towards a more optimistic range. Our occupancy has to be a little bit more towards the higher and of our range for the year that we gave you. I think even then if the volume of activity picks up, it is going to be good for occupancy but I don't think it's going to have a big impact on rent. I still think, this year even of activity is towards the higher end, the rent - there is still going to be some pressure on rent and like we said. It is probably a negative 5% give or take range on the rent spreads today and will be for the rest of the year.
Denny Oklak: Well, it sort of depends today because, as part of this repositioning. We are selling assets that what we believe is good, long-term pricing and then we're just focused on buying assets at good long-term pricing too and just improving. We are moving towards our desired asset mix, and just improving the overall quality of the portfolios, so we're focused, I will tell you more on that than we are on exclusively on cap rates today. Particularly again on the acquisition side, but you can see where, things are shaking out on some of the acquisitions that we have done and depending on where we are, we are probably really in the 7% to 8% range. On new development, we are always looking at higher yields than on acquisitions and that difference again as it usually is in most parts of the cycle is today probably about 150 basis points higher yield on the development that we can find on similar kinds of acquisitions today. So in the development, we are really looking at for the most part 8.5 to 9.5 yields with some growth built into that for some longer-term leases.
Denny Oklak: No, I think it is definitely taken longer Steve. It is, this one is pretty slow and pretty stubborn and it is, I really do believe being driven by that unemployment rate. If you look at where we are today in the last 18 months, we really have not made a lot of progress on this unemployment rate. It appears now that it is finally starting to tick down and - but I do not really see the office business picking up until we start seeing 50 basis point improvements in that over a couple of months period. Then I think we can start seeing some office activity, but this has been one of the lowest, slowest recoveries we have seen in a long time.
Denny Oklak: Well Josh, we are very focused on that timing and trying to match those up, but again that is not the key driver of our strategy because we were very fortunate and through a lot of luck and hard work, we were able to match up several larger transactions last year. We know that is not always going to be the case. But, if an acquisition comes along, that we think makes long-term sense and the disposition pipeline is not there. We will still make that acquisition and funded accordingly, vice versa if we see an opportunity to do the right kind of disposition that makes long-term sense but don't have immediate use of the proceeds, we will certainly consider that and likely do that. But just - then just looking at the pipeline, it is just so hard to tell because I would tell you basically those three major transactions that we did last year. They are sitting there a year ago in April, the only one we really had any discussions going on was the Dugan transaction which closed right at the beginning of the third quarter, so they come up and they move pretty quickly when you see it. So, I think overall I would say there is a pretty good pipeline of deals being up deals out there, deals being marketed and so I am pretty optimistic about the progress we can make this year, but it is just so hard to say and until you find one of the big ones then looks things can close in 90 to 120 days.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think it could be a mixture, but today it’s really primarily come from the new development. We’ve only done, I mean basically one medical office acquisition that was the deal we closed late last year in Charlotte which was an excellent asset and it basically gave us the relationship with the Carolina’s healthcare system and almost everything else that we have in that portfolio today is new development. We continue to look at some acquisition opportunities there I think that they may come up, most of those are going to come I still think through our relationships with the hospital systems so when they want to sell some of their buildings to raise capital for other uses within their business they are going to come to one of their trusted advisors and owners and that will be us, so that’s where I think most of those will come from. But, we were monitoring the market pretty closely so we kind of know what is going on there.
Denny Oklak: Well, again these are build-to-suit opportunities. So, that is really what is driving it and the build-to-suit on the suburban office side is usually a need by a customer for a specific building and I am not talking about anything extraordinary, but a building to meet their specific needs or building in a specific location that they want to be in. So, many times it is on our land parcels where we can develop another building in a park. Lot of times, some of the people we’re talking to are our existing tenants that need a new building for expansion purposes. This isn’t real wide spread Josh, but we haven’t had a discussion on an office built-to-suit for I am not sure I can remember where it has been a while other than something that was funded by the federal government. But for private companies, we really haven’t seen any for quite a while and there are a couple of discussions going on around our system today.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think our philosophy hasn't changed here, Brendan. What we’ve been saying really for the last probably 18 months at least, I can’t think back further than that right now so for the last 18 months we have been very consistent on that in saying that we would - we're not, we don’t really need the equity. We’re in good shape with everything, on our balance sheet and we would consider issuing equity in connection with a major transaction if it came up and I think that is still our philosophy today. Fortunately, I mean if you look back over the last 12 months we did do some equity when we did the Dugan transaction because we didn’t have all the dispositions lined up at that time. Then as this was pointed out, we are very fortunate and if the timing worked out great between the CBRE Realty Trust deal and the premier deals, so we did not need to do equity and didn’t consider doing equity for the premier transaction. We’re really in excellent shape today. As Christy mentioned, we got $167 million in cash as of the end of the quarter to fund additional acquisitions, no balance on the line. So, we’re just going to continue to go down that path.
Denny Oklak: I think this is certainly something we’d look at, but we have to be pretty comfortable that there were some disposition proceeds coming not too far behind us.
Denny Oklak: Up to here today not really, Brendon, I think when I look at virtually all of our markets, there is still fair amount of supply, it is a lot less than it was 18, 15 months ago, 12 months ago, but there’s still a fair amount of supply out there. The only place we started a partially pre-leased building in Houston last year that was about 45% lease we started and it is now 75% lease then construction is going to finish up in the next 30 days or so. So, we’re pleased and there’s good activity, but when you look around the markets I just don’t really see a need for projects out there today. So, I just don’t see it for the remainder of this year.
Denny Oklak: Well, you know our target is 15% of our overall portfolio. So, we probably need another 500 to 700 million to get to that when you look at where the overall size of our company is today. So, we’ve got plenty of room to do some acquisitions in there because today we’re doing about 100 to 150 million of development there. So, we’ve got plenty of room within our strategy to acquire some and we’ll just see if that happens.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
