Hamid Moghadam: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. I don't have a whole lot to add to what Tom talked about because our results speak for themselves. While we remain vigilant and on the lookout for any signs of market weakness, we feel great about our business or optimistic about our company prospects. Let me now turn it over to Kim for your questions.
Hamid Moghadam: Actually, quite a bit and we're adding to it all the time. And if you look at what we've done in San Francisco we bought a lot of parking areas, a lot of older obsolete buildings. Interestingly they all need to clear heights for rapid in and out distribution. So, some of those buildings work really well and you need to assemble a fairly good-sized site before you can put a multi-storey building on it. So, there are lots of ways you can increase the value of those older assets by just basically cleaning them up and using them for more rapid infill delivery and also eventually for the larger parcels knocking them down and building something multi-storey. I just want to remind you that the old, this is not a new strategy the old A and B strategy was very much in fill in the larger market. So, and that's probably I don't know a third maybe 40% of our portfolio. So people, you got to offer product along the entire size of the supply chain. You have to have 500 mile product, you have to have 50 mile product, and you have to have the last 5 mile products. So, we're active in all those different segments.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, it's just mix. It's just that our fund business is a heavier percentage overseas than it is in the U.S. We own more of our U.S. portfolio. But within the U.S portfolio, consolidated - unconsolidated, we don't even manage our business that way. We don't even look at the…
Hamid Moghadam: I think with every passing quarter, we get more optimistic about rental growth in Europe. I think I talked about the cross-over point being later in 2019 and 2020, backend of 2019 and 2020. So, we're some distance away from that. But Europe continues to accelerate in terms of rental growth. The best market - I would say the highest absolute rental growth in the past has been U.K. followed by Germany and Northern Europe and probably the laggard has been Poland and maybe France, if you want to put it in that bucket. So, but even those markets are picking up inter-activity and decreasing. So, I think we're going to get more pricing power in those markets and I think rental growth in Europe will be a couple of points this year and we're in that…
Hamid Moghadam: Let me give you the bad news first and I'll tell you the good news next. I think the bad news is that any kind of trade war or which way, I don't think we're quite there yet. But any kind of trade war is bad for economic growth generally. And that will affect everything including our business. So, if the economy grows at 30 to 40 basis points slower than it would have otherwise, which is what I see most people talking about, that's not good for anybody's business including ours.  Now, on the mitigating side of this, first of all, its' really early in those discussions. Those tenants haven't even kicked in and who knows what the latest pronouncements on TVP - I mean I don't know what to read into any of that stuff. So, and I would say most of our customers, all of our customers that I'm aware of have basically - have their head down doing their business and not paying too much attention to what comes out in the tweets in the morning until there is something specific they can react to. The other thing that I would point out to you is that most of the tenants at least to-date have been on intermediate material or raw material that goes into production. And as you know we are not that active on the production end of the supply chain anyway. We're at the consumption end of the supply chain. So, it has less of an effect on us than our places that are focused more on production. So - and by the way a lot of these goods don't even go through a warehouse. Steel doesn't go through warehouses, aluminum doesn't go through warehouses. So, I guess the simplest way of thinking about it is that we are concerned by the talk. We are not yet concerned by the action and we'll just see what the action is going to be.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me make that a little more specific for you. If you are the person leasing space in X market, and you have a vacancy, you have a tenant lease coming over for renewal in the middle of the year. If you don't make that deal, it's likely that that space will remain vacant for the balance of the year and you'll miss your budget, because particularly you don't have benefit of diversification of a really large portfolio like we do sort of at the company level. For that person, that's a big miss on the budget. If you're not careful that sum of all those individual decisions will bias you towards more conservatism so that you want to increase the probability of renewing that lease, with a virtual certainty. And that makes you leave a lot of money on the table. So, we got to derisk that behavior for the field, so that that individual doesn't have the incentive to just keep renewing at whatever old rent they can get. So, there is some behavioral stuff that we're working on over here that maximizes the bottom-line for the company while individual locations and individual people may underperform and some of their other colleagues will over perform. So, what maximizes the benefit for an individual - or performance for an individual is not necessarily the same thing that maximizes the performances for the company. That's what we're trying to do.
Hamid Moghadam: And remember there is no - in the short-term it shows up as operating real-estate because by and large you are getting a yield to very close to what you would have gotten, had it had a building on it. So, that that's why it's called covered. So, in the short term, it's an operating asset and in the long-term position redevelopment to the tune of the two [ph].
Hamid Moghadam: Look, we look at our overall cost of capital, weighted average cost of capital and that varies by geography and just because on a given maturity in a given day in a given currency, we can borrow money on a very attractive basis. We don't run around trying to match that with uneconomic deals. So, our thresholds for what makes sense for us to deploy capital remains pretty much unchanged other than big changes in plus capital in different locales, so no change in that. And generally, I would say in terms of the incremental yield that we're looking at for development, it's usually on the order of 100 to 150 basis points of yield above the exit cap rate and if you want to translate that to margins, it's about on the low-side 10% for a really safe and secure build-to-suit and at market land value is about a 15% on spec, but we keep exceeding that because of excess rental growth and excess cap rate impression. So the margins as you've seen have been a lot higher than that and some of our land as older basis so that further boost the margins. But at market, like I've always said spec development should about 15 and build to suit [ph] and we're getting better than that now.
Hamid Moghadam: But I think what he's asking is that in a typical year we lease about 5% more than the rollover we have. So, I think in the 15% roll here it's going to be about 20% because we're pulling basically six months of the next year-end. We're always running ahead. Although you know we're getting a little smarter about that. It took us a while to figure it out. But by moving things forward, in the rapidly escalating market you are actually blocking and lease rates at a lower rate than you should have and that's another behavioral thing that we're working on here. So, I think the answer is, specific answer to your question is about 5% more but there's a rent aspect to that that you got to keep them.
Hamid Moghadam: I got to tell you this construction cost thing is no joke in the bay area. Construction costs are 20%, 25% percent up last year. That by the way thanks to other parts of California too. So, they have been stable for many years and now it's the time for the contractors and stuff and buyers to make some hay while the sun is shining. So, construction costs are really tough and some of that has been mitigated by yield compression on the required return side, but it's getting tougher to pencil spec development in some of these markets and that's good news I guess for rental growth over time because that marginal product coming to market is [ph] now.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. It's more like an option price, I mean it's an effective call on appreciation of the portfolio plus the preferred return. So, it's very sensitive to that exit value and cap rates have been there and rent. So, we do our best we're not trying to step on the scale or anything in. Sometimes most of the times it and the downward compressing cap rate environment it's just been price to the up side.
Hamid Moghadam: I think that's based on what we're saying people are paying mid for cap rates for some very mediocre export polio than in the past markets. Like LA some of the cap rates are would lead to that market are in the high three. So. and that translates into maybe a 5.5 on leverage IRR are on a good day. So that's what we're seeing in the marketplace. And what it should be I don't know, we're not buying a lot of real estate at 0.3 cap rate. So, I don't really know what was the most the first party question. Jamie could you ask the first part of your question again. Okay, you're gone. All right you can call me privately, I forgot the first part. Anyway, thank you very much for your interest in the company and look forward to communicating with you over the course of the quarter.
Mike Curless: This is Mike, I'll take that one. As Tom mentioned our build to suit had a great first quarter and almost two-thirds. That should normalize around 45% to 50% over the year which is a very solid number and so that's driven a lot of our confidence in raising our development guidance. 90% of our activities identified and I should point out the spec that we're doing in our parks and cities that are 97% waste, so those two-combined give us a lot of confidence to raise the guidance in a manner that we did.
Mike Curless: John it's Mike again. We don't give out lot of details about any particular customers plan. Safe to say, we certainly have to happen reading on few of these opportunities and its very early days on that right now more to come on that future.
Mike Curless: Yes. Our disposition strategy Eric haven't really changed. The timing of it may have been accelerated because the market, we're leasing up some of our other strategic assets faster and so they're becoming positioned earlier for sale and the market is good so we're taking advantage of those opportunities. But they're generally that remaining non-strategic assets in Europe and the U.S. that we identified long time ago we're not changing that, it's just that we're getting through it faster than we would have otherwise. With respect to capital deployment, but we look at everything and you know I mean since we are we in the really big, buy a big portfolio and before Katie are within buy a big portfolio. Just that a lot of these instances and quality of what's available and our desire for maintaining the portfolio that we have, so diligently constructed over the last five or six years I mean we've sold $14 billion real state as Tom mentioned. I mean we really worked hard at perfecting the quality of this portfolio. When we look at a portfolio or most of these portfolios we would have to sell 60%, 70% of them to get down to the 30% or 40% we like. So, obviously we got to price them so we can sell them and still come out as a good valuation for what we want to keep and that becomes kind of difficult to do. So, we're buying large not a big portfolio buyer because of the fifth issue but in terms of return requirements again I go back to my previous answer we have a cost of capital that is different for each jurisdiction and we need to get an appropriate spread before we deployed capital.
Tom Olinger: Hey John, let me give you also a background without getting specific on Amazon. Generally, if you want to get closer and you got to shrink your footprint and go vertical. So, anybody who's trying to get close in to where the population is has to be thinking of that and the idea of a multi-level warehouse or Amazon specifically is not a new one. The number of stories may be at some point, but certainly you've seen new mezzanine levels in our building that we've stored with investors. So, shrinking of the footprint and going more vertical would be a logical extension of that getting.
Tom Olinger: Yes. So, Jordan on your first question. I think, I'm not sure if you are looking at owned and managed. But clearly when you look at it graphically the U.S. versus outside the bulk of our share is going to be driven roughly 75% by the U.S. and I don't see anything performance difference between on an our share basis by geography, very consistent.
Tom Olinger: Hey Vincent, this is Tom. I just want to put our land in three buckets. You've got land we owned, we've got land under option, and then we have covered land plays. I think the covered land plays probably from a total build out and this could be over the next five plus years, but that number is probably north of $2 billion of incremental development and Hamid said, that we work really hard at continuing to increase that pool, but that's the magnitude and there is probably more upside over the long-term.
Tom Olinger: This is Tom. So, you are right. The free rent impact as I mentioned was about $150 basis points in the quarter and it was driven by the high amount of the above average amount of lease commencements we had in Q1 2017. If you look at the rest of 2017 by quarter, the commencements are much more in line with what we did in Q1 and if you want to just think big picture cash same store looking forward, and I do think it's going to moderate the spread between cash and GAAP to about 100 basis points. And if you think about the components of the cash same store NOI, you are going to have rent change, we're going roll about 20% of the portfolio of cash. Rent change is going to be 10%, so call that 200 basis points. You are going to have bumps on the 80%. That's not rolling, that's about 250 basis points of same store occupancy. We talked about a year-over-year occupancy impact of about 50 basis points last quarter and then you have free rent and indexation which is another 50 basis point. So, that's a nice high level way to think about cash same store going.
Tom Olinger: That's correct about $0.01 of capital expense related to -- because of the timing difference spin revenues all upfront and the mode expense comes in over time.
Tom Olinger: Sure. I mean there we have a really great way of deploying capital which is in the market that's in the high 4% we can deploy capital development which will not only service the needs of our customers but will also monetize our land bank and we control based on our current land bank and the option land and even excluding the covered lamp place we have a close to $10 billion opportunity to deploy capital. So, that's a couple of years of activity that doesn't depend on anything else or any portfolio acquisition or the like and we are - it's not a static number we're always adding to it and growing it. So, I think primarily the global development platform very few people actually attribute any value to is a driver of our growth and it's a pretty unique and special driver of deployment and earnings growth. So that's our primary way. The acquisition stuff tends to be more value added tends to be cover land played there's got to be an angle. If we're going toe to toe on just the cost to capital race with the latest sovereign wealth fund or pension fund that wants to be out there that's generally not our ammo particularly when you are related to quality that I talked about earlier.
Tom Olinger: Hi Michael, this is Tom. I don't think you should expect a lot of pull forward to those levels. We're obviously I think you're going to see our churn over time naturally come down slowly because of longer lease duration. So, I wouldn't expect.
Tom Olinger: We're certainly seeing. As Gene mentioned the scarcity is well at this side particularly in the markets that are closer to the customers. Scarcity there is going to be driving up and is driving up land prices, construction costs are being driven up in select markets as well because that's going on with steel. But in the places that we're doing business, we're seeing the corresponding rental rates being there and emerging.
Tom Olinger: Sure. First of all, keep in mind that while nominal rate rental rates have increased a lot in terms of real rants we're still way below the high water marks of the late nineties and early 10,000 substantially below. So real rent is really what matters over time. Second, a lot of these marginal player, marginal in terms of bad but marginal meaning players that need close and can fill space are really substituting retail space so the difference between retail and industrial is blending and they get a lot more throughput in last you know last touch delivery and therefore by eliminating a retail rounds and another a lot of other supply chain costs. I think they can afford to pay a lot more, those particular tenants can certainly pay a lot more for higher cost real estate. The third consideration is that there are not a lot of these opportunities around to develop so it's not like a greenfield situation where you can go and all these new buildings and all that. But probably the most important factor is that industrial rents are a tiny tiny tiny portion of the entire supply chain cost. I mean certainly under 5% and in many many cases under 2%. And in particular categories like parcel delivery, food, construction, municipal items and all that you got to be there to provide those services close end. So those tenants tend to be less rent sensitive. If you're distributing tires you're not going to be in those locations because you're very rent sensitive. But those are not the kind of tenants you are finding in those locations.
Tom Olinger: Jon, thanks for the question. So, our approach on promotes is we generally provide guidance based on smart valuation and what we saw on the first quarter was China values pretty meaningfully and we had a positive tailwind from Fx. The RMB strengthened against the dollar in the quarter and vis-à-vis from our calculations obviously be sensitive to valuation. So, we give you the sport values on promotes. As we mentioned the fourth quarter promote is based on fund in Europe and we'll recognize all the revenue.
