Tim Arndt: Hi, Blaine, it's Tim. I'll start with the first part, and I may ask you to repeat the second. I'm not sure if I understood the question. But coming into the first few weeks of the third quarter, I think we are maintaining the momentum that I guess you're inferring was picked up between NAREIT and the end of the quarter, which is that proposal activity is strong, leasing activity is strong. We see it more in renewals, a little less so in new leasing. We're achieving our rents outside of the drag that we discussed in SoCal just continues to be the market that we watch most. But I think when I put that all together, what we think is we're pleased to see the way the second quarter executed. I think it executed pretty much precisely as we expected from our discussion 90 days ago and feel good about the year.
Tim Arndt: Hi, Ron, thanks for the question. It's Tim. Yes, and let me start. I'll. Just reemphasize we're talking about effective rents here from all the distortion we see out there in quotation method. So this is ultimately taking rents incorporating in all concessions starting with the next 12 months. I'll do it that way, as we've described we would. We talked about at NAREIT, we basically would divide our portfolio into SoCal as its own special case and then everything else. And within everything else, there are strong, stable and weak markets, and I would put all of those other non-SoCal markets around flat. Maybe modestly negative on market rent growth over the next 12 months which is a long way of saying it's really going to be a function of what do we think SoCal does in the next 12 months when we put that all together, inclusive? Of SoCal, we would probably put that. In a range of something like 2% to possibly 5% down in the next 12 months before inflecting. And this is a good place to just remind everybody that even in light of that, I mean, we've had three quarters now of some negative market rent growth, 1% down in the fourth quarter of last year, 1% down in the first quarter, 2% down, this last second quarter. In the meantime, we're putting up very significant rent change. And growth within our NOI 74%, one of our highest quarters. Just this last quarter. So it's very fortuitous the position we're in where we have this large lease mark to market carry us through this transition period.
Tim Arndt: It is. And thanks, Steve. The chart that you're looking at in the supplemental is new leasing, just to be clear. And you highlight something that I'm glad you did. We do see the very big uptick in nominal proposals, 112 million square feet, meaningfully above where we've been. That's a function of a few things. One is just more space to lease. We have some increased vacancy in the portfolio. And this is also a function of just how the next 12 months of overall looks. And there's a little bit more there as well. This is why we added, for those who've noticed, a new line just this quarter, which puts that proposal activity in the context of what is available to lease. You see that measured 42% this last quarter, which we would characterize, and you can see when you look at the chart, as normal.
Tim Arndt: Sure. Nick. Thanks. On the retention front, we typically forecast between 70% and 80%. Think of it as 75, and that's a good number, and I would characterize that as our expectations over the coming several quarters and then free rent. I think we may have discussed this recently. I would view free rent as. Just reverting to mean levels. We had kind of is another area where we had some surge pricing, if you will. Some much lower free rent over the last few years. And now the market normalizes as at different pace in different places. It's coming back to a more normalized level as well.
Tim Arndt: Yes, Vikram, in terms of the three years, the way we think about that, we clearly have an environment now where the window of time that, we think about the three years in has shifted. We've highlighted that we think rents are going to continue to fall modestly in the coming 12 months, grow thereafter. But the time that is then left, to measure up to the end of 2026 has, of course, been shortened. If we look at that same period, the end of 2023 to the end of 2026, our sense is that rents are going to be flat then, to modestly positive over that entire period. But we would couch that as rent that's really been deferred, that the window's moving and not ultimately lost.
Chris Caton: All right. Thanks for the question. It's Chris. I'll start with the geographies. The healthiest part in the U.S. is the southeastern US. But I'd also really point out. Latin America as well as Europe as being areas that are a boost to the overall global picture as it relates to size categories the story remains the same relative to what we discussed on our last earnings call, which is to say sizes above 100, maybe even certainly over 250, and 500, that's where demand momentum is the best, but there's also more availability there. Demand is stable below 100, but that's where vacancies are especially low.
Chris Caton: Hi, Vikram. Thanks for the question. It's Chris. So as it relates to demand, just for those following along, net absorption in the first quarter was $26 million square feet, 27 million square feet. We have it at $43 million square feet in the second. And so, we expect 40 to 50 million square feet in net absorption. I think that's the tone that Tim had in his script and that we have here on the call for you. That'll leave - us with a full year net absorption on 160 million to 170 million square feet. Tim's going to take the rest.
Chris Caton: One other way of - and I think this was in Tim's prepared remarks. I think the quality of the portfolio manifests itself in two ways. It manifests itself in terms of a premium in occupancy, which if anything has expanded in this market environment, because when markets are really tight, people don't have a choice. They can't be picky about the quality of space. Pretty much everything leases. But as markets get more normalized, softer in some cases, business goes towards the higher quality businesses. So it's hard to predict the absolute level of occupancy, certainly quarter-by-quarter, because one or two leases, even as large as our portfolio is, can really move around the numbers. But I can tell you our premium, I'm very confident of our premium in occupancy, compared to the rest of the market. I think it's going to expand even further.
Chris Caton: Yes, one way to think about the 3PL market is this, that 3PLs basically serve two purposes. Some 3PL business and volume comes from players that just want to outsource that activity to somebody else, because they want to focus on their own business. And what I consider that to be base-load business, it doesn't act any differently than leases that are directly entered into by those companies, those principles. Then there is sort of the surge component of 3PLs. That is the component that is likely to be more volatile. On the way down, when markets are becoming softer, you expect that component, to actually suffer more. And when the markets are in the upswing, that's where you see the excess activity. The base part stays pretty consistent, with the rest of the portfolio. Southern California, to be specific, has in the low 30% range, in terms of 3PL share of the business. Now, a lot of that is base-load business, but some of it is search business. Versus the average of the U.S., which is about 18% of the total portfolio, is leased by 3PLs. So obviously those markets with bigger exposure to 3PLs have more of this problem on the search component.
Dan Letter: Yes, thanks for the question, Camille. This is Dan. I'll handle the question here. So it was a big stabilization quarter for us. Certainly development leasing has slowed a bit. I think the best way to look at our development portfolio is look at the whole book of business. Don't look at it necessarily on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So if you look at that, the whole $6 billion development portfolio, all $35 million feet we're trending to our long-term margin of 24% to. 25%. So if you look at our 20 year average, it's in the high 20s. So feel really good about. Our development portfolio.
Dan Letter: Yes Jon. This is Dan. Thanks for the question. So what you're pointing to is our top 25 list where. You saw some big completions come into the operating portfolio. Those were decisions that were made a year ago. And sure, we've had some success with Amazon this year. I would actually talk about the e-commerce segment overall. E-commerce has been very strong. We talked about this happening multiple quarters ago, before it was a story, and it's played out as exactly as we expected. E-commerce continues to be strong. Amazon was a little quiet for us this last quarter, but at any given time, they're are our top customer. We've got a lot going on with them, and it's a very strong segment for us.
Dan Letter: Hi, Caitlin. Thanks for the question. Yes, we have seen the transaction market open up. I would say normalize. We're hearing from the brokerage community that they're doing. A lot of broker opinion of values, so we expect to see. The transaction market continue. We've had a lot of success in the disposition we've outperformed across the Board. In our disposition business which is why you saw us move our guidance up. We definitely want to take advantage of the market as it's opened up. And we have also been turning over all sorts of interesting opportunities. And many markets around the globe, and we're really excited about our acquisition volume for the year.
Dan Letter: Vince, hi, it's Dan. Thanks for the question. So I think, well, first of all, your question around what's in our start volume. That is entirely logistics that you see there. And the better way to think about where we're going to build, is look at the sheer amount of opportunities we have. We have $40 billion worth of opportunities in dozens of markets around the world. We've raised the bar on spec. We take it through a rigorous process, pay attention to the market fundamentals, and look at every deal on a deal-by-deal basis. So, we have many markets around the world that we'll be building in this year. And I think decisions that we make, on a deal-by-deal basis may change between now and when we start. So it's hard to peg anything, certainly, right now.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, the other thing I would add to that, Caitlin, is that you have closed end funds that are coming to the end of their lives, and those portfolios need to be liquidated. And the investors generally because of what's going on in their portfolio not just in real estate, but also in other private asset classes need liquidity because they have outstanding commitment. So there's pressure from those guys to realize these sales and industrial real estate has been one of the places that their performance has been really great and crystallization of those values is important. So it's a natural course of things. And you have some deferred sales volume. That was put on suspended animation for the last 24 months. That's now coming through. But generally, I would say the transaction market is very good right now, with multiple offers for good portfolios and the sweet spot is a couple of $200 million, I would say. Not mega deals and not timing deals, but sort of in the $100 million $200 million range.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, one other perspective I might provide to you is that the big change since our 4% to 6% three-year forecast, has actually been in concessions. So those concessions have, I mean, in other words, if you had two forecasts, one for asking rents and one for effective rents, the effective rent one has been affected more since our Investor Day when we laid out that assumption. Not all of it. The face rents have come down in Southern California, certainly, but most of it has been expansion in the concessions. And we see those burning off over the next 12 months as markets come into, even the weaker markets come into balance. Just to give you a sense of something that Chris mentioned before, Southern California accounts for about 23% of our rents over the next 12 months. What we categorize as sort of the weakest market, are another 21% of our rental profile for the next 12 months. And only 56% of the rents rolling over in the next 12 months are in stable or healthy markets. So, this is really a Southern California problem where it's both an expansion in concessions and a reduction in face rent. Fortunately, and this is really important. Southern California is the market with the largest mark-to-market in the next 12 months, even with the declines that we're projecting. So there is pretty good downside protection, in fact, upside protection, if there's such a word, on those expiring rents in Southern California. So, ironically, the weakest markets have the most mark-to-market, certainly in the near term.
Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, John. And I realize this was also Blaine's question that I missed earlier, so thanks for coming back to it. The 96% comment was very specific about where we thought the second quarter was going to land. I would say that the year-to-date average that we have so far, we're around 96.6% year-to-date. The midpoint of our guidance is 96.25%. That just reflects some tougher roll and so a little bit longer lease-up time that we see in new leasing. I hope it's conservative. I suppose there's that possibility, but we feel good about the range that we've established.
Hamid Moghadam: But if you're asking for specific names of markets, I would say Mexico is super strong. Nashville, Houston, the Southeast, pretty strong and demand there. Northern Europe is very strong. So those are the places you're most likely to see spec development starts.
Hamid Moghadam: We are more optimistic about our data center business, since the time of our Investor Day. I think where some of those numbers come from, Ki Bin. Part of it is, we've done some excellent recruiting in terms of specialists in the sector that, have joined the team and are very excited. And secondly, the energy team that we have, the renewable energy team that we have, has excellent relationships with utilities. And that's something that oftentimes is missing, in a lot of data center companies that have just got the real estate component. And obviously we know the five hyperscalers really well. And in this environment, the ability to finance and deliver and execute becomes super important. These are mission critical deployments for these companies. And it is increasingly difficult for private players that don't have a balance sheet, to compete in that market. So, we think the competitive position for a lot just both, because of talent and balance sheet, are just going to get better and better going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: Hi, Mike. Thanks for the question. So the 3PL market is really an interesting dynamic right now. What we're seeing is certainly slack in the system, more acute in Southern California, where there are simply just more 3PLs, almost double the average across the U.S. And that's where they took up a lot more space during COVID. Now, you can't deliver for a customer in a market that you don't have space. And a lot of the excess space that 3PLs have, is scattered throughout their networks. By way of example, one of our top 25 customers came to us recently and said, we have six to seven percent excess space in our network. Yet a 750,000 square foot need emerged in a major market, which led to a long-term, very large lease for us.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, predicting market cycles, particularly when you've got a couple of wars going on, you've got a Fed that's at an inflection point, with respect to interest rates. And you've got a Presidential election coming up, which is, obviously with the events of this weekend, and are that are highly volatile. You've got three major things going on. And to the extent that you're asking us for very specific forecasts. Let me tell you, we're not that good. And you should know that. But what gives us confidence? We can argue whether the full recovery of the market is six months or 12 months or 18 months. I frankly think this is just my sense, having done this for 40 years that, the Southern California markets that are the softest are going to stabilize the latest in about 12 months out. And the other soft markets are a matter of between now and 12 months. And more than half the markets are actually, they don't need to recover, because they've never unrecovered. They've been going straight up. So, I think you're talking about the next 12 months as various markets sort of turn the corner. If I were going to pick a number, and I think if you kind of get your head into January of next year. The Presidential uncertainty will be gone. I'm pretty sure that the Fed uncertainty will be gone. So, we'll be down to the political starts. And what we know for a fact, which is not a prediction, is that start volume is very low. And replacement costs have continued to go up. Construction costs have moderated, but exactions on land and approvals and entitlements, those continue to go up. So, I'm super confident about the long-term, strength of our business. And calling it over quarters or even couple of quarters is really difficult, but if you want an answer, you have it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, that's a really good question. So, first of all, I think there's a race between both parties on tariffs. So, I'm not sure which outcome is going to lead to more tariffs. Probably the Trump outcome, which is a higher probability at this point, is going to lead to more tariffs, specifically on China. But at the end of the day, I think what you need to remember is that we are in supporting the consumption side of the supply chain. We've never focused on the production end of the supply chain. So the same amount of goods, volume of goods, needs to get - consumed in these markets. With respect to specific tariffs on China, all that business as part of China Plus One strategy of a lot of suppliers has already moved to other markets. Most of them are in Asia. A lot of them are in Southeast Asia. Some of it has shifted over to Mexico, particularly on the Northern border. But at the end of the day, they're going to get consumed where the people are in the U.S. So, we don't see a radical demand shift between markets or in terms of overall need for our kind of product. So that's the main driver. The second order effect is, to the extent there are tariffs, Economics 101, you're going to have higher inflation and that could cause the Fed to relax slower. And that will have obviously a headwind effect on the overall economy, which in turn will affect demand for industrial real estate, and everything else. So, I'm not worried at all about the primary effect, the direct effect of China, the way people think about this China-LA connection, and the fact that that's somehow going to be under pressure, because the containers are going to land in LA. We don't really care where they come from. But the second order effect, which most people don't think about, I think is kind of important. But, that will be a problem in everybody's earnings calls if it were to materialize.
Hamid Moghadam: On our fund valuation, I can confidently tell you that we have turned the corner in both U.S. and Europe. We were early adjusting our values, and I think we're now on the good side of the cycle. I think in a lot of other people's funds, they've been dragging their feet in adjusting the real values part of it - parts of, some of it intentionally and some of it not intentionally, because the appraisers are always backward-looking. And until there's data and it takes time for data to reflect itself in the comp set, those values haven't adjusted. So I think the market will continue to experience the decline in values that really occurred six, nine, 12 months ago, but are just now being acknowledged. I think we've already passed that, and our funds will be going up in values, because of a more direct link between our valuation process which is, by the way, independent. That's really important to also understand. A lot of these funds don't do independent appraisals and others. So you may hear mixed messages on that, and that's just, because we've been ahead of the curve. As to the second part of your question, which is fund flows into industrial real estate, there is a tremendous amount of money that has been raised and not spent in acquisitions and by investment managers. And my experience tells me that that money is going to get spent. And so, I think that's going to be the source of capital for a lot of transactions going forward. In terms of new allocations to industrial real estate and everything else, remember these portfolios are under a lot of pressure, because they've had office buildings that have declined in value 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, which has been the biggest component of their portfolios. So, they're under pressure and they're looking for more liquidity as opposed to being in a front foot forward investing mode. So I think, the volume of new capital allocations to all kinds of real estate will be slow coming back, but it is on the upswing. It's just slower coming back then most other cycles.
