Tim Arndt: Yeah. They are going to be stronger. As you think about the lease mark-to-market, it’s all of the leases, so it represents old leases and leases just done. So, clearly, everything that will roll next year is going to be above the 67% reporting today. It’s a little bit flatter than you might expect as we have looked at it. I think leasing spreads next year are going to be in the high 70s to low 80s on a net effective basis and then as we know that the cash basis of that has trended towards about 1,500 basis points or so inside of that.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I will take -- Craig, it’s Tim. I will take the first half and Dan can help with the second. This is really a date issue, I would say, not even an issue, but just a function of the date. We have a large amount of that group of stabilization we believe will occur in the first quarter of 2024 and I think there is a very real possibility that if we improve some of the leasing timing by just a month or two, we could see a decent amount of that actually fall back into 2023. So it’s just a function of crossing over a calendar year to lay up the mix of all of our projects is landing.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Ki Bin. So what I would do with regard to investment capacity is relying more on the way I am describing it in our prepared remarks, the $20 billion and $4 billion or $5 billion across the funds. The number that’s presented in the sup, which is what I think you are referring to is a bit technical about the current amount of equity that can be drawn in the funds and then that number is levered slightly, so that’s why it’s a bit understated. The number we supplemented with in prepared remarks is looking at the overall leverage of the fund and how much more capacity sits beyond just that of committed equity post-leverage. So, for example, our USLF venture is very low leverage, just about 10% and that creates an incredible amount of debt capacity, as you can imagine. And I think that winds up addressing your second question, which is the liquidity and the funds for contributions, there’s a lot there for us to have over time.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. Just building on that, Michael, if you, within the supplemental, you can see our lease expiration schedule. Out of that, you will see we have about 13% rolling and that’s a mix of what is stated as expiring, which is another 9%, but also things that we have already addressed ahead of entering the year here. So the footnotes will tell you that. You get to 13% there. SME said, start with the 67% lease mark-to-market. You have got 10% market rent growth for the year. You assume we will get that halfway through the year. One thing we see people get wrong is that will take you to a certain amount of rent change. You actually get half that rent change this year, you get half of 2022’s rent change as well. There is a mathematic thing that you need to be mindful of given the quantum of rent change we are talking about lately. That will all get you to close to 9% and then we backed off an assumption on occupancy loss, which we couldn’t point to right now, but just feels prudent in the environment, so we have taken our guidance down there a bit.
Tim Arndt: Well, I think, an important thing to remember here and we have seen some people not have this entirely correct modeling is just understanding that on a GAAP basis there will be very little same-store. There’s potential for some, but because we mark the leases up to market now at the close on a net effective basis there will be very little same-store growth, that’s contemplated in our guidance. On a cash basis, I expect it would look quite similar to Prologis.
Dan Letter: And this is Dan. I will just pile on there. The pre-leasing in that portfolio, as you see, there’s 29% of that that’s in there as a build-to-suit. The pre-leasing is better than that 29%, and I would say, on track with historical averages even on a bigger data set here. So we feel really good about delivering our stabilization at this year and next.
Dan Letter: Yeah. Sure. Mark-to-market -- lease mark-to-market in Europe is about 28%, and I would say, just overall, we feel very good about the leasing demand in Europe right now. We talked about at the -- in the remarks about an expansion in the vacancy, but overall, we feel really good about where it’s headed.
Dan Letter: Yeah. I actually go as far as saying we expect to outperform the operating portfolio to 11% to 13%, call it, now 8% of that is going to come from market rent growth, so really 3% to 5% of that comes from just operating that portfolio in the Prologis platform.
Dan Letter: This is Dan. Let me start with this year’s development start guidance. We are coming off our largest year of starts ever, and just given the macro headlines, we decided to take a little bit more balanced approach where we slowed our starts at the end of last year. We don’t expect to start up in earnest until the last half of this year. We think the build-to-suit business will pick up at the same time. So call it conservatism, I call it discipline and just feel really good about our approach, given the volumes over the last year or two. And then stabilization next year, stabilization this year, Tim mentioned it earlier, we think we can outperform. What we have in the books right now, demand continues to be strong. We talked about the development starts plummeting in the marketplace in the fourth quarter. We think they are going to be slower in the first half of the year and we think that bodes well for absorption in the last half of this year into next year. So we feel very good about our guidance.
Dan Letter: Anticipated -- this is Dan. The anticipated yields are actually up slightly, but still in the low 6s, 6.1-ish, 6.2-ish.
Hamid Moghadam: And the -- you might ask what about the U.K., because that’s the one you hear about all the time, and actually that’s really strong, too, so far. So we have actually been surprised on the positive side with the U.K. The other place that is really held up well is actually Germany, which you would have guessed with energy issues would be softer, it hasn’t been and there’s virtually no vacancy in Germany. And some of the manufacturing coming back, particularly autos, et cetera, are really strengthening Central and Eastern Europe the markets, particularly in Poland, where there’s this perennial vacancy. It’s sort of tightening up.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And retail sales on a real basis, notwithstanding the weaker for instance December and November are good. I think it’s between 2.5% and 3% up compared to the year before. So, yeah, you do hear the headlines of the weaker with retailers, but I think if you look at it overall, it’s actually pretty positive. It’s more positive than the headlines. I wouldn’t say, it’s super positive, but it’s much better than the headlines.
Hamid Moghadam: So given that Tim was in kindergarten when cycle started, Tim and I are a little bit different than our recession outlook, but I don’t think it matters. I think Tim would tell you that if there’s a recession, there’s a very mild recession and my bet would be that we wouldn’t have a recession, but it would be close to zero GDP growth for a while. So call it recession or no recession, but the same outcome. I think what’s different about other cycles and I say that with a lot of dislike for the phrase that’s different this time is that, there were really two situations where we had negative absorption in the U.S., which is where we have data. One was on the hill of dotcom and there you had a high vacancy rate. On top of it, you had a very low utilization rate because there was a lot of capital for these dotcom, particularly e-commerce retailers and they were taking space way ahead of demand, so there was a lot of shadow space too. So when you add those two, it was a very, very high vacancy type of market during that time, so 2000, 2001 timeframe. The next time you had a pretty significant negative absorption with 2008, 2009, and we all know the reasons for that. And there, you also started with a significantly higher vacancy rate. I think it was 7% or 8% before the music stopped and all I can tell you is that, Prologis -- the old Prologis with the funny LA loan [ph] had 52 million square feet of vacant spec space that they had to lease. I think AMD at the time have like 8 million square feet or 9 million square feet. So nothing like you are talking about here, particularly given the different scale of the company and how lease we are starting out. Now even in that situation where we are normally at about 95% occupancy, we went down to about 91% in both cases. So I don’t see anything near that. I mean it’s mathematically impossible. Even if absorption goes to zero right now, we don’t lease any more of the under development spec space and absorption goes to zero, I mean, you will be under 5% vacancy, which used to be considered a great strong market. And the capital up, we didn’t have this kind of mark-to-market. I mean the mark-to-markets in those days were in the mid single-digit range and now we are talking about 70% almost. So a very different picture.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. There are two things that usually drive redemption requests. One is sort of the denominator effect and people needing and two is some folks want to arbitrage the lag between the -- how quickly the public markets adjust and the backward looking appraisal process. In our experience in past downturns, the second has taken about three quarters to be fully reflected in appraisals. So we really don’t want to disadvantage one group of investors. By the way, the vast majority of our investors, 95% of them, because a couple of points of people want to arbitrage that difference, so we want to make sure the valuations are right before those things transact. We think Europe has actually adjusted quicker than the U.S. and that’s why we think there’s maybe another quarter to go before Europe fully adjust. So we are committed to taking care of those redemptions in the next quarter. And we think the U.S. may take another quarter to adjust and we will take care of those in the second quarter. Here is what’s important and people don’t get about the structure of our funds. First of all, our leverage is in the low 20% range on these funds. So there’s oodles of liquidity in these firms to basically be able to handle any redemption requests -- any reasonable redemption request. And secondly, we started with the Q and we started with some cash on hand. So, again, there are lots of sources for addressing those redemption requests. I think you should assume that redemptions that have been effective as of the end of this quarter will, by and large, be taken care of by the middle of the year and sooner in Europe. So you can model that math beyond that. Now I will tell you one other thing, which is kind of interesting. Prologis could be a buyer up in these fronts, and in fact, even in the global financial crisis, where the old AMB was in a tighter spot with respect to leverage, we actually stepped up and bought on very attractive terms with adjusted values, a couple of hundred million dollars of real estate and we actually offered it to our outside investors first and then we stepped in and bought it. And you know what, the next quarter, all the redemptions went away, because people realized that the people who know the most about this portfolio are buyers at these prices. So it’s really about getting the values, right? And we started writing down these portfolios a quarter or two ago and our appraisal process is independent. We have nothing to do about it and that’s very, very different than some of the redemption situations that we have all been reading about.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. There has not been a material delay in any of our construction project, if you look at them on an aggregated basis. So that is not -- that has not shifted stabilizations from 2022 to 2023 or anything like that. Yeah, I can’t even think of an example that comes close. And even on the cost side, because we have been thoughtful about procurement and securing some of these type supplies ahead of time. That’s been actually something that we use as a competitive advantage in marketing to build-to-suits, because we have got a bunch of steel and we have got a bunch of air conditioning units and electric panels and things that are insured supply are already sitting in our warehouse waiting to be deployed into our land bank. So no, there’s nothing funny going on about that, and by the way, the stabilizations are not just a function of completion of construction, but also leasing being stabilized at 90% or more and that factor hasn’t delayed stabilizations either. We have been leasing actually ahead of plan to this day and I think we will -- I expect to continue to do that.
Hamid Moghadam: I hope it does. I am not optimistic that it will, because if you look at even the denominator problem for most institutions and the fact that they generally have to reduce their exposure to real estate, they are likely not going to want to reduce their exposure to industrial. So I think and with these -- most of the open-end funds, where it would be -- where their mix, they are different property types, the industrial is what’s holding up their performance. So for them to disclose those would put them in even a more difficult situation. So I don’t think there will be a lot of for sellers in industrial, because to the extent that you are dealing with a leverage issue or a liquidity issue, if you sell your highest yielding assets, you keep tightening the coverage and noose around your neck. So as much as I’d like to, I don’t think we will see a lot of that. I think where we could see opportunity is actually within our own open-end fund availabilities. If the redemptions continue and we think the values are good, first, we will offer that to all the third-party investors and then we will step in them buy and we like that real estate. We know it well, and we operate it, and if it’s priced right, we are all buyers, no problem.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We are watching everything really carefully. I mean I am not -- believe me, we have been through enough cycles and enough where things can happen that none of us predict that we want to be vigilant. That’s why we are starting out the year with very conservative assumptions and things that we can deliver. I mean, I think even on this basis, we are going to, I think, put up unbelievably good numbers. I mean, who can think of almost a digit kind of returns or growth off of such strong growth, 14% per year earnings growth consistently for the last three years. So I think the arrow is up. But, yeah, I mean nobody predicted Putin going into Europe last year. It’s usually the stuff that you don’t -- you can’t predict. I mean, am I worried about inflation really thanking our numbers? No. Am I really worried about recession thanking our numbers? No. Am I worried about e-commerce going out the window and people going back to shopping deals the way without that percentage going up? No, I am not worried about those things. But I am worried about things that I don’t even know what to worry about. You get my drip there, anyway. So, yeah, there’s always bad stuff that can happen that are out of the realm of normal projections.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Notwithstanding that increase in real inventories, we still think we are less than halfway towards equilibrium level of inventories about 45% of the way there. So we think there’s a lot of tailwind behind inventories, too.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, banks are a lot more disciplined, because now they have risk-based capital requirements. So putting out a lot of construction loans on buildings that don’t lease like used to happen in prior cycles less likely to happen. So I think the market is generally smarter. There’s a lot more data. Conversations like we are having today never used to take place two decades ago. So the cycles were much more amplified. I think it’s pretty hard for that to happen. But something can come out of left field. I am not discounting that possibility. Something really bad to come out of left field and change all this, but I just can’t think of what that thing would be. But none of us predicted the pandemic I don’t think. So things can happen.
Hamid Moghadam: I would generally tell you that the smaller spaces are having a tougher time to the extent of anybody having a tougher time, but Chris is looking up the specific. They are not radically different, but why don’t we do this, why don’t we go to the next -- you got it.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. That’s different than I would have guessed and I bet you it’s because there was more available space to absorb in those categories. Those categories were less leased. And by the way, we have them, too. I mean we have some smaller than 100,000 square foot unit. So I would say, occupancy was a little bit lower, so there was more room to lease product at the higher end.
Hamid Moghadam: So two things. I think the Essentials business, in terms of percentage growth, I think, our mobility business would be the biggest, because it’s the smallest right now to start with. So any growth will be the biggest. But in terms of dollar contribution, I would say, solar and storage are coming on the strongest today and operations is to close second behind. I will pitch it to Gary if he has any more to say about that after this. Second part of the question was -- oh, cap rate. So cap rates are really misleading. So we got to be careful about that. Cap rates at market, assuming that you had a building a year and a half ago at market and you have a building at market today, I would guess it’s 50 basis points to 75 basis points maybe 100 basis points, okay? It’s -- call it, 50 basis points to 100 basis points. But you have had all this rental growth in between. So the observed cap rates for the same building this year versus last year with rents that are higher by, I don’t know, 10%, 15% or something, would not have moved as much. So, and if you get into weird situations, like some building that was leased five years ago when it comes on the market and it’s -- and the in-place rent is less than half of what market is, that building could have a lower cap rate than it would have had a year ago. IRR is what’s really important based on reasonable assumptions and my guess is that if I were going to pick a number, I would say, low to -- low 7, 7.25-ish in the U.S. and maybe a little bit lower than that in Europe with growth of, say, 4%-ish percent across a 10-year projection, something like that, approximately. Gary, anything on.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, that 2025 number that Gary just mentioned, it’s going to be recapturing maybe 15%, 20% of the total opportunity within our portfolio. So there will be a huge runway for growth, and frankly, we are beginning to see more deals out of our own platform, because customers are taking us to buildings that they lease from other people to do the same level of service to them in those other situations. So I can’t even begin to quantify that out of platform opportunities. So we are really excited about our Essentials business. Okay.
Hamid Moghadam: I think we are at the top of the hour. I know we have one more question, but maybe we can take that outside the call, Anthony, with our apologies. But thank you for your interest in the company and we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Take care.
Chris Caton: Yeah. It’s absolutely right. Generally, Nick, it was diverse. So whether we look at consumer products, whether we look at apparel, food and beverage customers, we have a diverse range of customers leasing space from us beyond the housing categories, which would include construction, it could include home goods and alike.
Chris Caton: Yeah. Hey. It’s Chris Caton. So indeed we expect 10% in the U.S. that’s going to vary. Typical spread between coastal, non-coastal is 300 basis points to 500 basis points, at least that’s where it was running, say, pre-pandemic and we expect a wider spread in the current environment. So whether you look at vacancy, whether you look at the under construction pipeline, whether you look at the momentum in pricing in the back half of last year including fourth quarter that leads you to conclude on the coastal outperformance continuing at a greater than historical average in 2023.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I will just build on that by saying two things are also happening. One is market vacancies in the U.S. are 3.2%, 3.3% lower in Europe. That, in its own right creates some pent-up demand and so there’s a need to push utilization within the facilities. And then second, look, inventories are up 15% on a year-on-year basis -- on a nominal basis and 9%, 10% on a real basis. So there is real structural demand, lifting new demand, as well as in-place customers.
Chris Caton: Yeah. A couple of specifics, I would lead with our proprietary data leads us to these conclusions. So for example, our sales force pipeline, if we look at the vacancy that we do have, 46% has deals working. That’s in line or above the average that we have experienced through COVID to say nothing of the conversations that Mike and Scott and our customer led solutions team have. In terms of public data, which I think I heard you ask about, Craig. We do publish our IBI survey and our utilization data and so figures like 60, on our IVI, it’s a diffusion index. So that’s consistent with this good or great tone that the team has struck and 86% on utilization, which was discussed earlier are ways that you can see that in the marketplace. And then as it relates to what it would take for rents to fall, Hamid described it very specifically. And I’d add one piece of data that, I don’t see commonly discussed in the marketplace, but it’s important to know, which is development starts rather than development completions. Starts in the U.S. were off by a third in the fourth quarter relative to their 2022 trend and on the Continental Europe, they were off by 45%. So we are seeing a sharp marking to market at the capital market environment, the valuation environment and what those buildings might be worth for some of those other folks building buildings.
Chris Caton: Right. No. Glad to help you out here. First off, market rent growth had great momentum at the end of the year with 5% growth in the U.S., 3% in Europe. When we look at rent change, which is a great way to understand performance in suite size, it’s strong across the board. But in fact, late in the year, we saw an improvement in those smaller units, when -- which might be where you are your question is coming from, so it…
Chris Caton: If we flip it to submarkets and we look at, say, infill which tend to have those smaller units, infill outperformed in the U.S. by 500 -- 400 basis points last year, so say, 34% and in the U.S. in the infill submarkets versus 30% for the whole of the United States.
