Hamid Moghadam: Yes, Steve, good question. It's actually none of those reasons. The reason the contributions are down is that I made a decision that we are going to contributions until we have much better clarity on valuations, because one of the lessons that we and the former Prologis learned in the last cycle is that it's really, really important not to force any issues when there is the least bit of hesitancy around values. And as much as we have ideas about what values are and where they're going, we don't have absolute certainty about that. So it was completely a voluntary decision. Our leasing of our development business is actually ahead of what -- the way we underwrote the properties, and there is no external constraint on us, including capacity, of which the funds continue to have some. They're getting some redemptions, but they have plenty of leverage capacity, and we continue to raise money even in the same environment, not as much as we did before, but we continue to do that.
Hamid Moghadam: That was a couple of questions and 1 big question. So let me take parts of it, and I'm sure Tim and Dan will have a follow-up on this. In terms of fundamentals, what we're saying is that if a normal range of market outcomes is kind of 0 to 10, we were operating in an environment that was maybe at 12 for the last 18 months, and that's coming down to sort of a 9, 9.5 today. And that's why we’ve shared with you the percentiles of utilization and occupancy and business activity that are part of our proprietary data that we survey customers around. So by any measure, other than the last 18 months, I would say, we're in very strong market conditions. And during those periods of sort of 9, 9.5, there are always a couple of markets that are weaker than others. The key markets are exceptionally strong. I mean, L.A., basically L.A. and Inland Empire, there's no vacancy in New Jersey, there's no vacancy and so on and so forth. But there are markets where vacancy rates are in the 5%, 6% range. That, by historical standards, is a very low level of vacancy. So I would say -- I would characterize the fundamentals as being very, very strong. They're just not off the charts given what's happened in the last 18 months. With respect to the Duke portfolio and margins and the like, Dan can elaborate on this, but we've never underwritten the exit cap rates to what the peak has been in the last 12 to 18 months. We've always taken -- added the premium for the forward risk and just the fact that, basically, these were unprecedented times. And a lot of the margins that you saw in prior quarters from us reflected that level of conservatism. And rents are still going up. I mean, we started 2022 thinking rents are going to be up 11%. They're up 28%. So yes, cap rates have gone up, but the rents that are being capped are significantly higher. So bottom line, margins, if you really stress test everything, okay, and you say rental growth stops, cap rates go up, et cetera, et cetera, construction costs go up, our development pipeline goes from mid-40s margins to high 20s margin type of thing. So still double what we underwrite to, which we usually underwrite to mid-teens. So extremely strong operating environment, and we are just being cautious on the capital market environment as we have to be. It would be imprudent if we weren't.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. But I would also say on the fundamentals of the real estate, we're ahead of where we underwrote. So I think that far outweighs a mark-to-market on the debt. I mean, both Duke and us were very low levels of leverage. So the mark-to-market is just not a big deal in our calculus.
Hamid Moghadam: Some of the weaker markets in Europe have strengthened, like Spain would come to mind or France would come to mind. The perennial strong markets in Europe were the U.K. and Germany, historically, Northern Europe. And they remain strong, but we wouldn't be surprised if Germany weakened a bit and the U.K. weakened a bit. In terms of weak markets in Europe, I would say, if you really force me to name one, I would say it's Hungary, which is a very, very small part of our overall business. Poland is actually, too much to our surprise, pretty strong. It must be because of the in-migration of a lot of Ukrainians into Poland and the additional consumption that they drive. But markets in Europe are tighter than they are in the U.S. in aggregate, and that's why vacancy rates are lower. But there's no question that Europe will have lower growth or more if we go into a recession, a bigger recession than the U.S., but by no means is it weak. Quite to the contrary, pretty strong.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. On credit loss, the average over 10, 15 years has been about 15 basis points. We underwrite a lot higher than that, but that's where we've averaged during the most acute times of COVID in the first quarter or 2 when nobody -- when there was all that loss of jobs and everybody was scared. That went up to 55 basis points. But we collected on all that credit reserve that we had set up because eventually everybody paid. So I don't know where we ended up with, but we essentially ended up at 0, or maybe in line with the 15 basis points of historical numbers. I don't think we're going to see it anywhere near that. I think there is a fair amount of demand today that is not being satisfied in the market because of lack of supply. Our vacancy rate, just to pick a round number of 4%, even if they were to go up 100 basis points, which I don't believe they will, it would be at 5% which we would all do cartwheels for at any time in the 42 years that we've been in this business.  So I'm -- I mean, just do the math on the numbers, assuming that the development pipeline has a 0 more leasing. I don't mean for Prologis, I mean for the marketplace. And demand falls off significantly. That's how you get to the 100 basis points. And I just don't think it's going to be that acute given what we're seeing in terms of customer interest in our spaces on a real-time basis.
Hamid Moghadam: Promote levels are very sensitive to exit cap rates that you assumed. So that's a pretty tough question to answer. But if we stress test our numbers from the last time we spoke, the Promote for USLF next year is going to be on par with what it is this year for PELF. But that number can move in either direction by a significant amount, depending to what happens to exit cap rates. And by the way, both of those years, '22 and '23, will be record Promotes by a factor of 2 or 3.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. On the fund contribution question, we would be happy to continue to contribute the deals, if there were not for our care in managing the long-term value of the franchise in our private capital business. We haven't even tried, and we will not even try to contribute these assets that are being completed because we just don't think it's the right thing to do. It's got nothing to do with the appraised values or capacity or any of that stuff, as I explained before. We just think until there is real clarity, that will take some time and there have to be some comps and some transactions. Then when there is clarity, we'll start contributions again. As you know, unlike the last cycle, the contributions today are not must put, must take. They are totally voluntary by us to offer those properties to the investors or not to offer those properties to the investors. We're just not going to force that issue. It's not like they've turned us down or we think the values are too low. The values are great. We would still have significant 40% margins if we contributed. It's purely voluntary. And I think it's the right decision for the company in the long term. In terms of its impact on leverage, obviously, if we decide to hold more assets, our leverage is going to go up. But the reason we built this balance sheet is exactly for situations like this, is to be able to, A, be able to hold more of our assets that we're -- at some point in the future will contribute. And we're happy to hold those. And the other purpose for the balance sheet is to take advantage of investment opportunities as they emerge. It's still too early because I think the valuations will settle out somewhere lower than where the appraisers probably think today. But I don't know that for sure. And we -- by the way, we've been -- don't listen to a word I'm saying with respect to valuations, because for 5 years, we've been saying the cap rates are going to go back up, and they finally did, I guess. But we've been really wrong and, frankly, too high in cap rates for all this time. One other thing that's important, I should have mentioned this. We had never written up our portfolios to so the peak cap rates or underwritten any of our developments to the peak cap rates that we were seeing in the marketplace. We were always assuming exit cap rates that had a premium built into them. I think I mentioned that before, but that premium was anywhere between 5,000 to 7,500 basis points. So a lot of what you're seeing and are yet likely to see in values is already reflected in the way we looked at our margins, and we further stress test those numbers. And I think I shared the results of that with you earlier.
Hamid Moghadam: So 75% to 80% of the 28% has already occurred, and we expect the balance to occur in the balance of the year. And by the way, we're only a couple of weeks into the quarter. But again, every time we make a deal, we know what the effective rent is compared to the way we underwrote it. And we call it spear, I won't get into the details of it here. But those indications are up, both in terms of comparison to underwriting or the way we had pro forma those spaces. And also in terms of duration of leases, they're slightly longer than we thought.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Just -- I remember, Duke's leases were longer than ours. So the average turnover based on the average duration of the Duke leases is like 10%, 12% a year. I don't remember what it is exactly in the next 12 months, that’s your question was on. And we think we're a couple of points ahead. But a couple of points ahead affecting 10% to 12% of the portfolio for an average of 6 months is what we're talking about in terms of its impact on the next year. So it will be a small impact. I think the bigger impact will be what we can do once we get our hands on the rest of the portfolio rolling over through revenue management. And we think overall, maybe that could be 2% or 3% above underwriting. I also think there will be a couple of hundred basis points pickup in terms of folding essential sales on top of that. But it will take a little while for us to sort of build those relationships with those customers in those locations and all that. On the second part of your question, Tim will address that.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. My view of the economy is that the Fed was behind the 8 ball, and they are now really running hard to catch up and they're going to overshoot in their reaction. And everybody expects these things to have an immediate effect. Look, I'm not as smart as the guys running the Fed, but these things typically have a 2-year lag. So I think we're going to whipsaw this economy. And there is no reason this economy should be in a recession other than just wanting to wring out this inflation. And this is a personal editorial. This is not a company position, but I believe more -- based on what I'm seeing, more of the inflation is actually affected by not that systemic wage price push that we saw in other times of high inflation. By the way, I was there. When I started my career, the 10-year bond was 14% and prime rate was 22%. But that was a psychology that was built into the marketplace. I think -- and it took bulker in October of '79 to wring that out. But the market had gone 6 or 7 years with that becoming the norm. This is very different. We were just talking about 2% inflation a year ago, and it just spiked up. So a lot of that, I think, is going to dissipate as things normalize and trade flows and the like normalize, but that's a personal point of view. So I am concerned about inflation. I think the Fed is all going to overdo it. Whether we have a recession or not, I don't know why people are so focused on this recession question. To me, a 0.25% growth rate in the GDP when the potential is 2%, 2.5% for the U.S. and 1.5% for Europe is a bad thing. Now whether technically a bunch of smoke will come out of the pipe, that says we officially have a recession, that's less important, but we are definitely under kind of underperform the capacity of this industry. The consumer is in great shape. The consumer balance sheets are in great shape. So I see a lot of reasons for optimism. I mean, look at all these calls that we were all having a quarter ago. I think the psychology has changed dramatically because of all this aggressive Fed action. So I've done a good job of not answering the question. If you had to ask me last quarter what's the probability of a recession in the next year, I would have told you 90-10. Today, I would go 60-40 or maybe 50-50. I think we're much closer in the U.S. I think in Europe, we will go into a very slight shallow recession. With respect to its impact on development starts, I think the market is undersupplied with space. But we don't have to make that decision today. We don't. Every start decision is made deal-by-deal, and we will have the benefit of up-to-minute information and actually some information about the future because we're talking to prospects. So if we think the prospects are there to lease it up, we'll build the building. And if not, I don't really care about guidance. We try to give you the best guidance we can, but we don't run our business according to guidance. We could be lower or we could be higher. I think we're going to surprise people on the upside. But let's wait and see. We don't have to make that decision today.
Hamid Moghadam: Virtually all leases have escalators. I would guess the average is 3.5-ish, maybe approaching 4. And yes, 4, I'm getting a lot of 4s, thumbs up here. And what was --
Hamid Moghadam: Well, they're contractually obligated to increase. So it's not -- and they're contractual. They're not CPI-driven or anything like that. So I guess unless the tenant goes broke, there is no risk to that.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I think market value of land was double our book value. And my guess is, before this is all over, and not a single piece of land has not really traded in any scale so that I can give you an actual estimate but I would guess land values before it's all over will decline by 30% which would put them still significantly above our book value. So that's where we are. I think the Promote hurdles are 7, and it's a 20% part -- yes. And we have 2 hurdle promotes, actually 7 and 10 and 15 and 20 is the upside participation in those, and those are leveraged hurdle rates. So 15 over 7, 20 over a 10.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, the point Mike just made about the competition on the private side is a really, really important one. I mean, these guys depend on leverage. Leverage is not available. It's not just a question of the cost of it to a lot of these people. So we've already seen certainly layoffs in Europe with respect to some of the very aggressive private guys, and I think we'll see some of it in the U.S., too. So again, another reason why we have a good balance sheet is to use it when the opportunities are there.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. I'm not sure I understood the second part. But the first part, first of all, I don't know about Prologis, but I think there was 52 million square feet of spec space that they had built at that time. And the company at that time was, I don't know, 400 million square feet or something. It was a huge part of the installed base, and most of it was spec. So you went into global financial crisis with a collapse in demand and you were starting off with a 7% or 8% vacancy rate even before going into the global financial crisis, so it was different at least in 3 respects. One, level of spec development; two, the starting level of vacancy; and three, the impact of that on a much, much smaller company than today. So very, very different situation. But the numbers for AMB were that we went from mid-95% occupancy to 91% occupancy. And by the way, the exact same thing happened in the dot-com collapse, which was people had overcommitted to space. The difference is that the shadow space in this market is very low. That's why we look track utilization. We have 90th percentile utilization in the buildings in terms of history. So occupancies are high, utilization is high, there's a lot of ongoing demand and we're starting off at the 98% occupancy. Even if the global financial crisis were going to repeat itself, we'll be at 94% occupancy. That's just fine. There's no problem with that. We can get rent growth at those kinds of numbers. So I don't even think of those draconian scenarios. Of course, somebody launches a nuclear war somewhere, all bets are off, but I'm not capable of making those.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say on the cap rate side, you see it in our development portfolio in the supplemental. We moved our exit cap rates from 4.1 to 4.7. So that's demonstrative of the change that we're looking at across the board going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: So if you -- I would say, for the last couple of years, we're looking at about a 6% unleveraged IRR in acquisitions using about an average of a 3% growth rate on rents and that gap is 300 basis points. By the way, that's the most important number that you look at, that I look at anyway, and replacement costs. So if you believe inflation is going to be higher at 4%, rents will grow at least [indiscernible] times inflation given what's happening to replacement costs and given the tightness of the market. So you could expect with the 4% growth rate that the IRRs would be 7%, 7.5% going forward. So the point I'm trying to make is that you just can't look at discount rate of those cash flows without considering the growth rate of those cash flows. And those 2 don't move perfectly in tandem, but generally move in line with one another in a market that has a vacancy rate below equilibrium.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. So FX are -- I'll give you the big picture theory, and Tim can give you the details. We do 3 levels of FX management. Number one, we want to have a global platform to serve global customers, but we do not want to have our capital equally in every place because we're a U.S. dollar dividend payer. Therefore, we use a higher percentage of private capital in our foreign jurisdictions than we do in U.S. jurisdictions. So that's the first step that we take. Secondly, we have a disproportionately higher amount of debt in foreign currencies matched against our equity or our share of the equity in those assets so that we are neutralized in terms of asset and liability movements with respect to the movement of interest rates.  In other words, $100 of equity and $100 of debt against it. By the way, the U.S. is much less levered. So our overall leverage is very good. So that's the second level that we manage the asset value, which is really the big dangerous thing in real estate. So on those, we're perfectly hedged. Perfectly hedged. Not overhedged, not under hedged. Perfectly hedged. Then there is the issue of how do you manage earnings, FX on earnings, which is more of a flow management, and that is by buying hedges that go out and protect earnings for 2-ish kind of years.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, I would also say that the FX rates being so favorable to the dollar, there will become a time where there will be compelling opportunities to deploy capital in Europe because you could catch the combination of good values in local currency and a great exchange rate. So we're not -- we don't expect to do that tomorrow or anything, but that's another consideration that we always keep in mind, which is the opportunistic side of all these changes that we're witnessing. Before I let you go, however, I'd like to take a minute to highlight our Groundbreakers Conference, which happens next Tuesday at Hudson Yards in New York. It will also be streaming online. This is an annual thought leadership event, which will feature some of the most innovative voices in logistics today, including Dave Clark, formerly CEO of Worldwide Consumer at Amazon and now the new CEO of Flexport, which is actually one of our portfolio companies, plus a host of others that you won't want to miss. We'll dig into all the questions that you've been asking about in terms of macro trends. And I think it will be a very different event than yet another recumbence or something of that kind. So if you're really interested about logistics and when it's moving in the next couple of decades, these are the people that we brought together. So I look forward to seeing many of you there. We've had a tremendous response. And I think you'll get a lot out of it. So please come. Take care.
Tim Arndt: I would just add, Steve, in relation to your comment on gains in next year, I would just point out that the value creation is occurring regardless of that monetization event. If we hold the development assets on our balance sheet, it's still there at a very attractive yield. And we believe many of those assets will still find their way to the fund. It's just a time, a pause right now.
Tim Arndt: And Craig, I'll just pick up your question on the debt in Duke. You're right. Since we announced the transaction in June, depending where you're on the curve, we're 100 to 200 basis points higher in interest rates. So that does hit the debt mark-to-market piece of things. I think if we were redoing the entire accretion on the year, we'd be still in the range, but at the lower end of that original $0.20 to $0.25 today.
Tim Arndt: Vince, yes, the increase is exclusively based on the outperformance in the third quarter. We thought in the present landscape, it would not be appropriate to make an increase. But as we look into next year, I think it's appropriate to expect mid- to high single digits. As Hamid mentioned, we opened this year with a similar level of caution and have seen subsequent increases. We monitor this on a real-time basis let alone reporting out on a quarterly basis. And some of the things that go into that is the ongoing significant momentum, right? So rents were up 6% in the quarter against ultra-low vacancies, healthy demand, healthy leading indicators but set against the macro uncertainty that we've described.
Tim Arndt: Yes, you're right that the quarter was strong. We're probably $0.01 ahead there, and that would be reflected really in the same-store guidance overall that we took up. We would see an uptick on the year from that uplift as well as we would get a little bit out of this slowdown in contributions in the short term. Offsetting each of those, putting the group to about 0 would be a little bit higher interest expense. We've got short-term rates that have really picked up. And then the write-down of asset values in the funds does hit asset management fees. So that would be another take. So that's all coming up to about 0, leaving really the entirety of the accretion to the Duke transaction.
Tim Arndt: Yes, Ron. Look, this is a good opportunity actually to distinguish the 2 metrics. So the commencements were 62%, and that's why we're actually calling out the 84% on signings because of the lag that sits between the two. The lease signings on what started this quarter, generating the 62% were probably done in the first quarter. So all that means that the 84% we're signing today, we're really not going to see those commence until '23 outside of the same-store period in our guidance. So that's why we're actually focusing on signings. You'll probably hear a bit more of that going forward.
Tim Arndt: I would just clarify that the installed base is probably the 3.5% you mentioned and then more recently 4%.
Tim Arndt: I just want to clarify, John, maybe you see this, but I want to be sure you note that we have in the supplemental, both the exit cap and estimate on it and the development yield, and I think you're quoting the exit cap. The development yields are 6%, 6.5% in the portfolio. So I want to be sure you understand that distinction.
Tim Arndt: I can start on the lease-up times, and I think Hamid made reference to this just that compared to underwriting. We've consistently beat underwriting, and that would remain the case today. Maybe there's a month lower there, but we're continuing to beat underwriting in new development leasing.
Tim Arndt: Yes. And I would say even longer, we ladder into that strategy where the next few years are quite fully hedged, but we have hedges out to '26, '27 and we dollar cost average into it. I also think, Jamie, it sounded like underneath your question is how do we feel about sending dollars to Europe or to Japan. And frankly, that's not really how it works. In these other jurisdictions, we're typically recycling capital. That's when we're running the contribution model even at a time like this when the contributions at least in Europe are at a pause, we're funding that with debt in-country. So we don't really have the kind of issue, as I think you're trying to highlight there. Your second question was on the lease mark-to-market, I think, and how does it fall down over time. And I know you appreciate that's going to be purely a function of what is market rent growth from here. If there are no market rent growth, it will come down more precipitously. And if there's a reasonable level, say, high single digits, that's probably going to be paired with our same store growth. And that would say the lease mark-to-market is going to be pretty constant for a while. So you have to make a bet on market rent growth to really answer that question, and we're not doing that today over the long term, but it's got a very long tail to it, I think, is our view.
