Tim Arndt: Hey, Tom, I'll start and probably pitch it to Chris here for some help on the market detail. But the U.S. at this point, I would put in a similar range, really given the weight of the U.S. and the notion that we're going to put these things in ranges probably from here, it's going to be very similar to the globe. So I would just think of them as essentially the same.  And then, in terms of markets, clearly, I mentioned in my remarks that Southern California is the market that we've downgraded. That's broadly the base of our change and pretty much the only market and it is matched by various markets as are also detailed many in Southeast US, but it's pretty broad around the US, as well as globally that are picking up the slack and holding the average pretty close when you put it in a range. 
Tim Arndt: Yeah, so, on the, on the rent piece, we're not going to go through market rent growth at a market level for a variety of reasons. I think the takeaway we want you and everyone to be left with is just how it can all come into a balance and we're very pleased to see that we're able to hold the forecast at least in a pretty tight range to where we were previously.  And on the occupancy side, you're right about where the ending pieces. I would just comment that that's in line with our forecast. If you look at our average same-store, average occupancy guidance that we have previously and that we have this quarter, it's unchanged. So, the decline that we have expected over the year remains and everything that you see in this quarter is in line with those expectations. 
Tim Arndt: So, couple things. First of all, the most important thing about Southern California is the gas in the tank. Not rental growth going forward. I mean the gas in the tank in the Southern California is – I don’t know the exact number, but it’s probably over a 100% on your average lease. So, whether you think rents are going to grow 3% or negative 3% or 10% or whatever, it's not going to affect that number one Iota.  Are there markets in Southern California and elsewhere where you could see rental growth sliding? Sure, of course, there are. When something has escalated by 150%, I wouldn't be surprised if it backslid some. Do I worry about Southern California becoming a difficult market? No. I would like to have more Southern California, because that means we have more cars with more gas in the tank.  So, there's some markets that may continue to escalate, but they're still not going to be as good as a market that has embedded growth of well over a 100%. So I'm not trying to duck your question. But we're a global company, it's a 1.2 billion square foot portfolio and I think it would not be a productive use of my time or anybody else as your time to drill down into sub-market or individual rents.  Because frankly, we don't spend a lot of time ourselves looking at that. We look at it bottoms up a deal-by-deal. And then, we make our long-term investment decisions based on some macro bets. And what I'm telling you is that we like Southern California because of its embedded mark-to-market. 
Tim Arndt: We would be in the 80s. Let me put it that way right now, and that would contemplate market rent growth from here. So, we feel good about still hitting that kind of number, but we will give full guidance on it later in the year. 
Tim Arndt: Well, I'll take the first one. I think I want to be sure we're not conflating a couple things on same-store. So Hamid’s illustration earlier was about a four year horizon what we think will unfold in terms of market rent growth. That would be that roughly 8.5% coverage. And I'll go… 
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So, and that number by the way incidentally incorporates what will happen in due confirms of its fair value lease adjustments and what we think will happen in occupancy. So that's kind of fully baked and that's a four-year discussion. In terms of this year, there's going to be very little that could change in any direction on market rents that would affect this year's same-store growth.  Just too much of the lease mark-to-market and the year frankly are now baked that we're going to land pretty tightly in the range that I… 
Tim Arndt: Yeah, I'll pick up on the on the earning side. It's about a $0.05 roughly of our are raise would be attributable to that. The remainder would be the same-store component. 
Tim Arndt: Well, the markets that we like in the long term. And I can tell you that during the course of those that analysis and that thinking, what the market rent is going to do in the next six months to the last decimal point was not a consideration. I mean, it’s - those are markets that we really believe based on daily interactions with customers as to where demand is going to be where we see that trends in supply which are by the way let’s, we haven't talked about that in a couple of quarters.  But Supply is becoming extremely difficult to bring online in places like California. In fact, I'm kind of worried about it because some of these places are shutting down. I mean, we spent a lot of time with the legislature trying to defeat A B 1,000 which was a proposal to basically stop all warehouse development in Southern California. So in selecting those assets we focused on the markets that we liked a lot and we were prepared to pay - accept a lower yield for those markets because they have more embedded growth.
Chris Caton: Hey, it's Chris Caton. So, really when we look at that data, the right way to look at that is against our open availabilities. And when you put those proposals against our open availabilities they are actually in line or above the historical average, 48% is that number, it's something we've used in the past on these calls. And so how we do make the proposal numbers you're talking about tie with that view, well, there are two or three drivers.  The first is that the availabilities just, the role that we have in the next 12 months are low relative to history. The second is those proposal volumes do include, sometimes multiple proposals on a single unit and that has declined over the last year as we've discussed previously. And then, third, there's some seasonality where June would be a soft month. 
Chris Caton: Sure. Let me take a stab at that, because I've seen this now a couple of times over the last 30, 40 years. Southern California is really being adversely affected by two things. One, ports volumes. I think this labor strike has gone on longer than most people anticipated. And the timing of it was such that people have to make decisions about the Christmas season and they've shifted volumes to other ports. And that affect Southern California and honestly, the longer disclose out, I believe the worse it will be for Southern California in terms of doing permanent damage.  From now from everything we hear and we're not an expert on this, things are apparently heading in a positive direction with respect to a resolution. But you read the same things we do. So, I don't have any unique perspectives on that.  The other, the other difference with Southern California is just pricing. I mean, you had between ‘20 and ‘22, about an 130% increase in rents in Southern California, that compares to less than half of that for the overall markets that we operate in. So, there is more price sensitivity now because it's a very, very expensive market.  So to the extent possible, people will shift to adjacent markets. And combined, it's not just price, but up until a quarter ago, occupancies in the Inland Empire was 99 point something percent. So people couldn't even get the space that they wanted. I think with the more normalized vacancy level and we're still not at normal.  I mean, normalized in my experience is 95% occupancy and that would have been great for the last 15 or 20 years. I think with more normalized occupancy, you'll see, Peep and a resolution of the labor strike. I think you see a more normal pattern from which you can draw some conclusions. 
Chris Caton: Yeah, I don't think we know anything that suggests a different number than when we told you before. So, so it's essentially the same number. 
Chris Caton: And then as it relates to the rent growth detailed, Tim’s script included a way for you to kind of reconcile that. And I think within the numbers, the main thing to know is, many It's both in the US and globally continued to have really healthy pricing power and meaningful move in market rents, but the aggregate number is adjusted downward based on the disease on Southern California that we've discussed here. 
Chris Caton: Yeah, I'm going to make a general comment and it applies maybe a bit more to 3PLs, but it applies to everybody. Southern California is a market were embedded mark-to-market is well over 100%. The 3PL business is a very low margin business. Very thin margin business. If you've taken ten percent more space than you would needed and now with the changed outlook you think you need 10% less than you need it before that's a 20% swing in how much space you're going to need the over the over the longer term.  If you can make three or four x what you would make at a year - in a year, moving boxes around by subleasing that space, you would do that. So, the propensity to adjust your space to your needs is much greater in this cycle because of this significant mark-to-market that's in better than some of these leases. Now, if you're in a market where - and I can't think of a market like that.  But let's say you were in a market where you're essentially a market or 10% below, by the time you pay a leasing commission and encourage the downtime and maybe put some TI's in the space, you're not going to make money on that space. So it's more of a cost avoidance and therefore not much of that happens. Southern California is actually viewed as a source of profit for these guys to sublease their real estate. So they're going to do it much quicker than before and that's in fact what we’ve seen.  So and - it all goes back to having less than 1% vacancy in this market not too long ago. So, look, Southern California has been a crazy rent growth market for the for as long as I remember, whether you look at 30 years or five years or three years, but the last three years have been have just been ridiculous. And for anybody to think that that would continue forever, I - we certainly don't make our investment decisions based on that and we don't operate our portfolio like that. So, we're not surprised about what's going on in Southern California. 
Chris Caton: No, I think that's right. I mean, we will probably look at contributions in Q4. No rush as you said going through that ordinary course of business and split it between both in Europe and the US. 
Chris Caton: I would say the transaction market is opening up and we're very confident. We're going to be able to dispose of what we want when we want. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The one thing I would add to that is that, I think we mentioned to you last quarter that we would be continuing to push rents pretty hard and would like to see occupancies a bit lower than 98%. So, what you think is consistent with what we're planning to do and actually we accomplished what we wanted to do in that we tracked a number of leases that we lose because of price and how hard we were pushing. And we modulate around that to figure out the trade-off between rents and occupancy.  So we did see as a result of our efforts, an uptick in basically the percentage of deals lost due to price. It went up from about 10% to about 20%, which is kind of where we would like to have it. So it’s [Indiscernible]. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I think maybe the best way I’ll summarize in this call would be, we are back to 2019. Okay. We are getting at it in 25 different ways. But the easiest way to think about it is, demand, supply, rental growth, all of those things that are trending back to 2019 pre-COVID.  And if you take ‘20 to ‘22 out of the picture and imagine, that in 2019, somebody would tell you that in 2023 you are still talking about the dynamics of 2019 market, I would be jumping up and down happy about that. So, that’s where we are and almost to any question, I am not trying to avoid your question. But it would be the same answer on 20 other parameters, as well. We're back to 2019. 
Hamid Moghadam: No. They go somewhere else. I mean, those are real needs and at the end of the day, warehouse rent is - as a percentage of total logistic cost is relatively small. So they are not going to go out of business because of that. I mean, frankly, the pressure on energy prices, on fuel prices, on labor prices and all that, if you are going to worry about something those are more significant than their ability to pay rent. 70% is not a unusually low retention rate. I mean, if you, again forget about the last three years where there was no space and people had no choice, that would be a very normal rate of retention for us, going back and looking at it over 10, 20 year timeframe. So, and we are trying to find out what the efficient point is for losing customers because of price.  We can make that number be zero, but that would not be wise because that means we're not pushing rents as hard. So, 20% is definitely still below where I would start worrying about dial and get the other way. If it got to about 30%, we may want to moderate on that. But still, generally speaking, the bias is towards pushing rents and not occupancies.  Now markets where that is not the case, we’ll dial it back some. But that's a decision we make day-to-day based on the data that we see. It’s not a top down type of decision. 
Hamid Moghadam: I don't even have the number for rent growth because frankly, I don't really spend a lot of - that's a very volatile number. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And on the number of competing buyers and all that, we don't know but we actually work collaboratively with the seller to pick a portfolio that makes sense for them and make sense for us. So it wasn't like there was a package and a competitive environment. But look, I would argue that two of the largest players in this space kind of know what's going on in the market and they don't need to know a lot of third-party validation of where pricing is. And we came to an agreement reasonably quickly on that.  So, we're really pleased about it because we don't have to go through the brain damage of cleaning up the portfolio. We bought what we wanted to buy at the price that we wanted to buy and presumably they got the price that they wanted. And everybody was very happy about that and we'd love to do more of that. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, let me start with that. In 2009, there was a big difference between now and 2019. 2019, I don’t remember the exact number, but I think vacancy rates were north of 5%, maybe even north of 6%. Today and the outlook in 2019 was that we had a long run of improving market conditions and I think as calls like this we are all worrying about for the sixth year in a row whether supply would exceed demand okay?  That today - it's a same market except the vacancy rates are substantially lower than they were at that time. And we have less of a concern about supply beyond this year that is than we had in 2019. So, it's a slightly different market but the dynamics are not that unusual.  With respected public to private, I continue to believe that - I don't know about the sector, but I continue to believe that we trade at a modest discount to NAV and private values. And I think once capital flows start up again, once the denominator effect starts going the other way because of improvements in public markets, I think that will be validated.  So, I do think private values in general are slightly higher than public values where these companies are priced. 
Hamid Moghadam: And then Vikram on the proposal volumes, yes as square footage and as to reconciling it I'd point you to the answer earlier to the same question and happy to go through it offline if that's not sufficient for you. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, and that can go on literally for five to ten years. So, because the mark-to-market is so huge. Now, in terms of the market rent growth, I don't know, we'll find out, but it's our view has moderated. But that really doesn't matter. It's kind of like adding 2% to 3% in one direction or the other to a number that's north of 100% percent. So I think we're focusing on the wrong issues. I don't I don't really know the answer to your question. If I did I’d tell you. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I’ll start it and pitch it over to Chris then. Look, the reason we stopped contribution is not because we didn't have the capacity to buy these assets in our funds, we did because they're very low leveraged. The reason we did is that we couldn't really look our investors in the eyes and say that we all have clarity around the values for the fund, for – for the properties that are being contributed. So we're not in a rush to do that.  There were some companies that force these decisions back in the last cycle that that - and we didn't, and we fared much better than those companies that force, - forced the contributions. So as long as there is clarity on valuations, we will contribute assets at least we would be willing to contribute assets. But I remind all of you, at the end of the day, the independent advisory board for each fund makes a decision of whether they want to accept those contributions or not.  It's not a must put, must take kind of a situation at all. So, but, we couldn't very much look them in the eyes and say that this is the value because there was uncertainty around it. In the markets that you mentioned, there is clarity around the values. Europe, we felt that it reached a point of clarity at the end of last quarter and we believe the U.S. is not becoming very clear too.  And the whole process took about three quarters from the downturn, which is what we expected this to say based on experience. So you should expect contributions to continue at the sort of a normal or maybe somewhat modulated pace. 
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. U.S. has got the highest rent growth over time of any of these markets because it's a more dynamic economy, bigger GDP growth I think than Europe certainly. But Europe has always been a sort of more muted market in terms of supply. Vacancy rates are always lower in Europe and land is metered out by usually government authorities. It’s not so much of a free market. You go buy from the former land.  So, it's a more muted growth pattern than the US one. But we mitigate that because we employ more of a fund structure in Europe. So the combination of the earnings on the fund management business plus the growth in the underlying real estate business makes up for the - makes up for that difference. Asia, China used to be a powerhouse in terms of economic growth.  It frankly has surprised everybody coming out of it with respect to how slow it's been to turnaround. I'm not smart enough to know whether that's a, that's a long-term trend, or a short-term trend. But that market has gone from basically 10% per year type of GDP growth to more like a 5% rate of growth. Japan, probably the best long-term market for us, from a development point of view has always had low rent growth. 1% to 2% rent growth would be great.  But boy!! there's no CapEx. There's no turnover. There is, - and yields have maintained themselves in Japan, better than anywhere else. There's been no cap rate expansion in Japan at all. And remember, there's hardly any mark-to-market. So there is no cap rate expansion. And in fact, I would say there's probably 10, 15 basis points of compression in the last 12 months.  So it's a good development market and from an operating point of view, we talk cap rates. But at the end of the day, the cash flows in Japan are very strong. There's very little of it leaks out to CapEx and other things. So, each market is different and each market when you look at it as a portfolio plays its role within our overall business. 
Hamid Moghadam: Good question, Camille. I don't know. We bought that portfolio on balance sheet. So it's not a fund investment, so. But I honestly don't know how long it's going to take the appraisers to reflect that. But it's - we bought it at the very consistent level of valuation to what we thought valuations would be this quarter. And I think we were right about that. So I think the market has adjusted in terms of understanding where values are going, I think we're at the tail end of those adjustments.  You were the last question Camille. So thank you all for your interest in the company. We certainly feel very good about our business going forward. And hope that we will have the opportunity to speak to you more over the summer. Thank you, everyone. 
