Tim Arndt: I'll take that. I think, Tom, that it will actually be relatively similar. There's a pretty long tail on how the lease mark-to-market is going to affect quarterly rent change. It will sustain for quite a while in other words. And since it's much more pronounced in the U.S. than anywhere else in the world, I would expect we do see that continue to stay wide.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I'll take the first part here, Craig. On the CapEx, if you take a look at the supplemental, I'd first start by widening out on overall CapEx before staring at property improvements and there is just a good example here of the need to look at annual or trailing numbers as this can be a pretty volatile number quarterly. Here, you can see on the full year as a percentage of our NOI, we are about 14%, roughly 15% the prior year. And yeah, focusing in on property improvements, I'd suggest the same that you have to look at a trailing basis. We do tend to see higher levels of property improvement activity in the fourth quarter, just by nature. But we are catching up on the full year. You can see we averaged $0.12 on the year versus the $0.21 that we had in the quarter. So that's really just a timing issue. One more thing that you can see here is the year-over-year averaged on that basis $0.12 versus the prior year $0.10, and I'd explain that differential as just some inflationary piece. And then, the second would be some deferred maintenance and work that we're executing on the Duke portfolio.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So your question about how long it will take them to cash flow and there is a wider range than traditional industrial. But I would say on kind of powered shell, it's more in the 12 month to 15 month range from start. And on turnkey, depending on who does it and whether the customer does it or we do it, it could be longer than that by about a year, because since the installations are pretty complicated to get these going. But all of that is built into the budgets and the economics of the transaction. And this point that Dan made on the negotiating posture is really important. I mean, the last thing we want to do, there are four or five customers out there and it's pretty obvious given the scale of the numbers they can figure out which project is in our guidance for the next quarter if we wanted to go in that direction, and that basically reduces our leverage. So we're just not going to do that.
Tim Arndt: Let me just punctuate that, the vacancy rates will go up through the second quarter. So don't be surprised by that. But we're pretty confident they'll come back down after that.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. So the easy way of thinking about this is -- is this -- basically absorption and demand for our product follows a one, two, three, four scenario, as you move through the quarters, it's back end loaded towards the fourth quarter. And that's historically been the relationship because so much of the activity occurs in the fourth quarter and so much of that activity would have been based on anticipation laid earlier in terms of the Christmas season, so much of the sales are in the Christmas season, that volatility is the most in the fourth quarter. This year, our retail sales and in particular e-com sales were better than people's expectations. And the retailers were cut short in '21, they were a little overstocked in '22 and now they were back to being very careful with inventories. So they got cut in short of inventories again. That's why utilization is done. They're schizophrenic. They always have too much or too little. You can never get it right. And the good news is that this Christmas season was stronger than everybody anticipated. It's going to take for that to work its way back to normal.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. We don't think the real pricing and real returns have really changed because a return expectation should have been higher six months ago because the higher treasury rates. But nobody was trading based on those higher return requirements. So nothing really happened. So it was a theoretical decline in values. I think with the treasuries now having come down, I know they've gone up a little bit just most recently, but net-net, they're down. I think the reality is the expectations of the market participants and the theoretical pricing of assets is converging. Bottom line, we think we're seeing the near bottom valuations, both in the U.S. and Europe. And I think with this level of stability and sort of bottom forming, you'll see more volume coming through in terms of real deals.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. In fact, I would say, some of the largest customers that we talk to, are to -- use an overused word. There are definitely some green shoots. Their posture is changing from that of let's hold off. And they've held off as long as they can because they're building out their networks, particularly on the e-com side. And I think given that the economy hasn't tanked like everybody thought it would a year and a half ago, I think they're tiptoeing out there, and with the first couple of doing it, I think the rest will follow. So, I think, yeah, the big-box guys are coming out of the shadows and taking up some space again.
Tim Arndt: We are not going to get into quarterly rent forecast and we're not going to get into market-by-market forecast. We run a 1.2 billion square foot business. And I think we already, in terms of a company of our size and disclosure and details, are definitely in the 99th percentile. And we just don't have that ability. So we're not going to put some numbers out there that we can't be certain of. So, if you don't mind just let's stay away from that fine level of dissection beyond our ability.
Tim Arndt: Vikram, I'll take on the -- excuse me, it's Tim, on the lease mark-to-market. I'll just say again, I don't particularly value the cash view of the lease mark-to-market. I think it's fraught with a few issues. But to answer the question, we saw that 49% at the end of the year. And I would expect, we've seen a pretty wide divergence in cash to net effective of rent spreads because of a few things, the absolute level rents has been so high and the bumps has been pretty large around 4% as you've known. So the roughtly...
Tim Arndt: Duke is a factor as well, of course. So, the roughly 20, 25 points that we've been seeing lately, I expect we'll see mostly continue into next year.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I bet you that answer is, they have no idea. I mean, it's just been since 16 days, right? 16, 17 days since the end of the year. Many of them haven't even added up their numbers and I think those guys don't come out with earnings releases until much later. So with Michael's question, that was the last one. I wanted to thank you for not only this call but also attending our Investor Day, we got a lot of great feedback from you and we'll make these things better and better over time and look forward to talking to you next quarter, if not before. Take care.
Chris Caton: Hey. It's Chris Caton. I'll take that. So the year is -- or the year closed out with market vacancy rates at mid-5%, just like Tim described, and the vacancy rates remained lower on the coast, excuse me, so both East Coast and West Coast and higher in the Sun Belt. What we are seeing as it relates to pricing is there was better pricing, better rent growth in the Sun Belt markets outperforming the Coast in 2023.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I'll just go further, Craig, as it relates to port activity. We went out on a limb in September with the published research report calling for recovery in market share and that is really, really playing out in the port activities. In November, West Coast ports were up 24% year-on-year, inbound shipments are up even more and that will translate to leasing over time.
Chris Caton: Hi, Jay. It's Chris Caton. So we project 250 million square feet of net absorption in the calendar year and 285 million square feet of completions. And yeah, that's going to be front-end loaded, particularly on the supply side. And so we think you'll see the vacancy rate rise by another 50 basis points to 75 basis points here in the first half of the year, peaking at 6% maybe 6.1%, and then making a meaningful move through the subsequent rest of the year and into 2025 and 2026 based on the trend in starts that we've profiled for you.
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris. So I'll start off by offering, look, the vacancy rate is going to go up to 6%. Hamid and I are very clear or the whole team is clear on that. Bear in mind that's a very low level in the context of history. And so, yes, it will take -- there'll be time for vacancy to decline to soak up that availability, but it's going from a low level to an even lower level. So it's a bit like the vacancy rate is going to go from 6%, it's going to move to 5.5% and likely to 5%, given the supply cliff that we see.
Chris Caton: Hey, Camille. It's Chris. I want to jump in on the disruption of the ports. We are really just now seeing the diversions, as it relates to disruptions in both Panama and the Red Sea and Suez. And so, it's a bit early for us to see real medium term leasing decisions in response to these disruptions. But number one is the clarification or the ratification of the labor agreement on the West Coast is providing a clear landscape for decision making and engines of growth are beginning to kick in in Southern California.
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris. Yeah. Indeed, we saw international outperform in the fourth quarter. Our view is that it'll outperform in 2024. And there are wide range of international markets that are enjoying really strong market rent growth. Latin America, both Brazil and Mexico. Turning to Europe, probably Northern Europe is the strongest, and then here in North America, Toronto is a market that's also enjoying outsized growth.
Chris Caton: Hey. It's Chris. Thanks for the question, Vikram. I'll take the first one. So, 250 million square feet of net absorption in 2024 compared to 192 million square feet of net absorption in 2023. And we consult a wide range of leading indicators, some of which are contemporary and some that have a nine months to 12-month lease.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I'll just highlight, I think if we look at the development portfolio, see the margin they are estimated at 22. Historically, that's still a very good margin. And under conservative, underwriting assumptions, I would remind everybody we've got an inflated cost to carry. And there we've got longer lease-up times and things that we expect that will be. So I am pretty confident will be several points above that estimated margin anyway.
Chris Caton: Hey, Mike. It's Chris. I think you might have answered your own question, totally agree with the sentiment in the direction you're taking it. And there's likely to be a different posture going forward. And then I'd also look, propose that you can also reach out to them and get their feedback.
Dan Letter: And maybe -- this is Dan. Craig, on the second part of your question related to tenant sentiment, I would say, at the Investor Day, we had talked about a marginally better tenant sentiment from the Q3 earnings call. And I would say, it's even marginally better than that in the last 30 days. This is fueled by our healthy proposal volumes. Customer dialogs have been strong. 45% of our available space is in discussion right now with active proposals. We've anecdotally had just a number of conversations with our customer-led solutions group. Our build-to-suit conversations are improving as well. Our overall build-to-suit pipeline has grown quarter-over-quarter. So, whether that be some of the issues related to the Red Sea issues and the Canal issues or not, I think Chris will have some comments on that.
Dan Letter: Caitlin, this is Dan. I'll respond here. A few thoughts for you. First of all, we started just over $1 billion worth of spec in the fourth quarter. So, we had talked over the last several quarters about the decline in starts in the marketplace and that's when we wanted to come out of the gate here with some starts and that's what you're seeing us do right now. We have a pretty healthy guidance here for the 2024 starts, at owned and managed of about $4 billion. And if you think about it, that's 25 million square feet or so of starts that we could be doing this year. And we have a development portfolio right now of about 50 million square feet. So, we've got an appetite for spec. Our build-to-suit volume we think is going to shake out in that 40% range as we've projected. And then keep in mind, we talked about this plenty at the Investor Day, we have $40 billion worth of opportunities in our land bank. And we have the ability to make decisions on a quarterly basis where we're going to build. We own this land in 50 markets around the globe, 300 different sites. So, plenty of opportunities there.
Dan Letter: Sure. Ki Bin, this is Dan, I'll hit that. First of all, we gave some guidance on our data center business 30 days ago at Investor Day. We talked about over the next five years, 20 or so opportunities, 3 gigawatts of data centers, $7 billion to $8 billion worth of investment. Those numbers have not changed. As a matter of fact, one thing we couldn't disclose at Investor Day was, we started over $500 million worth of data centers in the fourth quarter alone. You won't see us guide to data centers. These are very lumpy deals. And if you think about our data center opportunities, we own over 5,500 buildings. We own or control over 12,000 acres globally. So we have one of the most important components of data centers. We control the land, right? We talked about power applications at Investor Day. We talked about a number below 50, that number is now approaching 60. Our team is very active growing that data center pipeline. Then the third component of it would be customers and we're talking to the big hyperscalers on a regular basis. And we think it's prudent for us to be careful on how we project out what our data center volume will be because there is a competitive nature to this as well. We're negotiating with these customers and we think it's important for us. So we will absolutely share with you, when these projects are on the horizon. But right now, our start volume is largely industrial. And then keep in mind, our data centers business is a part of our long -- higher and better use business we're going to build. We're going to merchant build these and we're going to recycle that capital into the business we love so much which is logistics.
Dan Letter: Camille, this is Dan. I'll start with your question on stabilization. It is a big year on stabilizations for us. We actually started the year out with some good news. Late December, we actually pulled in for stabilizations that we had expected to happen in the first quarter of 2024. But overall, the timing of those stabilizations, it's spread out pretty well throughout the year. And one number I would just point to is, that 2024 stabilization volume is 46% leased already, which is actually 300 basis points, 400 basis points above the average at this point over the last several years.
Dan Letter: Let me make that point a little stronger. I think all this concern about LA is over, and it hasn't shown up in the numbers yet, but it will in the next six months. So, I don't think we'll be sitting here on calls like this worrying about LA and its absorption. Now, will we worry about something else? I'm sure we will. I don't know whether that's going to be the East Coast or Houston or whatever. But yeah, I mean, you've seen two big movements. It's not just Suez, it's also Panama Canal and the water issues there. And the expense of shipping stuff through the canal is leading to more reversion back to the normal way of doing it, which is getting it to LA and then land, bridging it over, but there could be other disruptions. It could be something can blow up in the Persian Gulf. So it's very hard to predict those things. The big message is this, we can spend a lot of time guessing as to what the share of West Coast is, East Coast is, all of that. The point is, people thought COVID was the big unknown factor. And now that COVID is over, the world is going to go back to a stable, predictable, just in time type of inventory strategy. I think each one of these things, whether it's Panama, whether it's Suez, whether it's -- or in the Middle East, whether it's something in the Persian Gulf, will remind people that they generally need to have a more conservative inventory strategy. And that's the big long term driver which is going to be a tailwind for demand that we haven't really seen play out just yet. We're pretty confident that will.
Dan Letter: Todd, this is Dan. I'll respond to your questions here. First of all, yes, is the quick answer to your first part of the question regarding the acquisition pipeline. Our teams are out there, turning over every stone, but it was a low-volume year in the marketplace last year and I expect that to be much, much higher this year. So, very strong acquisition pipeline. And then spreads on the stabilized yields in our development portfolio, yeah, we've been talking for the last several quarters about that tightening. I remember five, six quarters ago talking about cap rate expansion and that spread tightening and what that would do to impact overall development portfolio. And that really just has to do with the cost of capital, volatile capital markets and who knows where that's going to go from here. It's certainly going to have something to do with the tenure and what the tenure does and the volatility in the capital markets. But overall, we build in forward risk in our overall development portfolio for the numbers that you actually see in that spread. Go ahead, Tim.
