Eugene Reilly: Okay. I’ll -- Jeremy, I may have Tom comment on the last question. But in terms of the sort of the composition of what's happening on the demand front, I mean probably it's really more industry segment and size segment than any particular geography. Obviously our Houston operation is facing headwinds from both COVID and plummeting oil prices. So that's our toughest market right now. But otherwise, the industry segments I mentioned are strongest. And clearly in this environment, smaller customers are having a tougher time than larger. And with respect to the -- one of the market I'd probably throw in there is Atlanta, which, in Atlanta we actually have a fairly high percentage of our smaller customers as well. So Tom, I don’t know if you want to take the...
Eugene Reilly: I think our business is going to be somewhat slower before the vaccine and much higher after the vaccine. So you tell me when the vaccine is going to come through, which is a real permanent solution and I'll tell you how that makes us going to work for the year. 
Eugene Reilly: So Jamie, let me first make a distinction. Smaller tenants don't necessarily mean smaller companies that occupy those spaces. So you got to distinguish between the mom and pops and smaller locations for creditworthy company. So not all small tenants are under pressure. Secondly, the -- if you're a contractor or a supplier to a residential construction or some kind of an auto related use, for sure your business is down and you're going to be struggling in this environment. Too soon to tell how the government support is going to help. But at least on the levels of support that we've talked about so far, I don't think it fully replaces the revenue and the margins that they've lost during this period. But I can tell you, a lot of the demand for their products is deferred demand.  And if they can make it through this crisis, I think they'll be the beneficiary of the spring back, on the other side of this. So, tough to tell. The stimulus has been in place for a little less than two weeks. But also the other thing I would say is that there is a ton of monetary stimulus, on top of the fiscal stimulus that's come in. So -- and the attitude that I see with the banking system this time around because the banks are -- and you guys by the way, would know better than I would because you work for a lot of banks, but the banks are oftentimes -- well, they're certainly better capitalized and people seem to be much more cooperative in terms of working with their customers by accommodating them. Because everybody realizes that this is not anybody's problem. It's something that happened differently. This is a definite change in attitude with the government, fiscal, monetary, and with the banking system that's distributing the funds. So I think they're going to work with their customers, including the smaller ones, but some of them unfortunately won't make it. 
Eugene Reilly: I do, I don't know what, Chris, thinks. But again, snapbacks is not going to happen until everybody's got the all clear signal on the health front. [Multiple Speakers] Everybody talks about the government, when are they going to put people back to work and open up the country for business and all these demonstrations that we see, that's got nothing to do with it. Even if they open up the place for business, a lot of people will have to go back to work and will, but the lot of people who don't have to go to work won’t. So I don't think the government action is going to be the trigger for that. I think the all clear is going to have to come from the health front.
Eugene Reilly: So the only thing I would add to Tom's answer is that it's a billion square foot portfolio. And in our business unlike the office business, there's not a lot of lease termination fee anyway. So it's one of those things where a very small number could have increased by a large percentage and it's still a very small number, and those things moved around by very specific decision. Keep in mind we have 15% spread to market and that spread, if anything, is still there and maybe as we expanded a little bit. So sometimes the lease terminations are an opportunity for us to make some money on buying out a tenant and actually make some more money by re-leasing the space.  So lease terminations are not necessarily bad in our business and they're minuscule in the scale of the portfolio. And I apologize if we don't remember every single one of them. We have over 8,000 leases.
Eugene Reilly: And just kind as to the last question, as you heard in our update call and I think you heard somewhere today about 20% to 25% of our customer base at some point has had a discussion with respect to some kind of rent deferral. And of course on those we've granted a very small portion of it. We expect to ultimately maybe grant 30% and today it’s more like 5%. So that alone means we've had direct discussion with 25% of the customer base. Well, on a billion square foot portfolio that's 250 million square feet. So we've had conversations, multiple sizes of many, many big companies in the sector with our customers, just about that topic during this period of time. So yes, we're really talking to customers all the time.
Eugene Reilly: The only thing that I would add John to that is that prior to these adjustments, downward adjustments, our year-over-year growth was on the order of I think 13%, 14% FFO growth, 14% FFO growth, actually. And that's a big number. So it's come down 4%. So maybe another way of asking your question is how come your guidance previously was so high and still is high. And the reason for that is primarily that the volume of development starts in prior years that we're just having capitalized interest in them are now coming on, and there are a lot of built of suits in those and those are now fully income producing. So we had them in the denominator as capital expenditures where we weren’t earning a whole lot on them. And as they stabilized and they're leased those extra earnings are coming online. So it has nothing to do with this changed environment. It was just high to start with because of that and remains pretty healthy. I mean, I think 10% growth year-over-year even in the strongest environments without increasing leverage.
Eugene Reilly: Well, let me just answer the second part of the question, which is the experience in the last 30 days of leasing. We have seen more leasing in the bigger size segments so we'll happy to clarify that for you later on but definitely bigger customers.
Eugene Reilly: Well, we've had a half of experience on the two latest acquisitions. And Tom, last time we talked about this couple of days ago, we were up about 5% on our underwriting of those portfolios based on activity that's already taking place. So we feel really good about it. Oh, sure, Houston energy is worse than we thought and Liberty had a pretty significant presence in Houston, and we did too but again it is a billion square foot portfolio. And on the other hand, Pennsylvania has done a lot better than we thought previously, because a lot of the New York adjacent demand and the big boxes have, for some strange reason, taking up a lot of space in Pennsylvania. So that's looking better and that's actually a bigger portfolio. So net, net all the reasons for which we did those investments that we articulated before stand. And on top of that, they've just performed better than we expected, so that's a really good start. I don't know whether that will continue for the next 10 years, but it's better to be 5% ahead of the game than behind the game when you're getting off the block. Does that answer your question? Let's give him an opportunity to ask it again, because it was a complicated question. So if  we didn't answer it, ask it again.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, I think we will get a significant increase in occupancy the quarter or the quarter after the vaccine is likely available, maybe even when it's announced and it's definite that it's coming, based on the anticipation of it coming. So you tell me again the date and I'll tell you when that will be. From everything I hear, it's going to be more like next summer-ish, although, there's some really positive developments that I've been hearing about from the scientific community. I mean, we've got a couple of really big medical centers here and I'm in constant dialog with them. And on the therapeutic side, there's some really good stuff happening that we may even hear about in the August, September timeframe. So I think that's when the occupancies will turn around. In terms of the cracks, I would say as I guess Warren Buffett says we'll find out who's been swimming naked as the tide recedes. There are some people that have been, mostly on the private side, by the way, I'm pretty proud of my public brethren by enlarge they've really behaved well throughout the cycle. And I think everybody's kind of pretty disciplined in the sector. But there are a couple of private players, particularly in parts of Europe, Central and Eastern Europe being good example that have really gotten out there on their skis and we'll see what happens. Maybe they're really good skiers. But I would say of all the cycles I've seen, whether it's the ‘87 collapse or the SNL crisis or dot com or the GSV, I would say there is less of that around much, less of that around than any one of those cycles. I think we are over our time allotment, and we've taken way too much of your time this quarter with two calls. So let me thank you for your interest in the company and invite you to our next quarterly call. And hopefully, we'll all be much more optimistic than we are in this environment. And everyone stay healthy. Take care.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Jeremy. From a bad death perspective, we looked at the portfolio across the entire stack. We looked by industry, the customer composition and we looked at it consistently across the entire portfolio. So we don't see anything unique about any of our recently acquired portfolios. 
Thomas Olinger: Ys. So on bad debt experienced in the first quarter, we saw write-offs of 25 basis points. And in April, we've seen nothing unusual, as I talked about our April collections are trending normally, as did March. And as I mentioned, we are conservative here by almost any measure you can look at on the bad debt and we're reserved appropriately to cover a really severe downside on the AR side. 
Thomas Olinger: No, just let me clarify. We did not actually guide on bad debt in any way and we were very careful to draw the distinction between operating performance and any kind of financial guidance. The number that we talked about 100 basis points on that call is the equivalent of the 90 basis points that Gene talked about. That is the forecast amount of total rent that is going to be subject to deferral. That is at related but not the same concept as the write off, because we fully expect obviously the ones that we have deferred to make good on that deferral. Now a portion of them will probably default. And a portion of the ones that didn't ask for a deferment could default. So the 90 basis points of deferral is very different than the 125 basis points on average of credit loss. The other thing I want to make sure you understand is that the 125 basis point is applied across the year. And certainly as you heard from Tom, the first quarter was 20 basis points and we know what that was. So we're carrying another 100 basis points of room from the first quarter into future quarters, and we've got 125 basis points to start with across the whole year. So the amount that we have reserved for anything that could default is significantly higher than what appears on the surface. Let me be even more specific. Not all tenants are going to default that are going to default are going to default on April 1st. If they default, they're likely to default during the course of the year. So on average, they're going to default in July. If you just ratably divide it, which means on that basis alone we’re almost 3 times the actual number covered for default risk and default outcomes. And another way you can get at it is that in the global financial crisis, the total written off debt averaged 56 basis points annually and the midpoint this time around is 125 basis points for the remaining, more than 125 basis points for the remaining three quarters significantly higher. So we've got a scenario multiples of times of the global financial crisis factored in.
Thomas Olinger: So I think our portfolio is already positioned to capture that activity, number one, just given the proximity of portfolio to the consumption base and as we see the acceleration, further acceleration long-term of e-commerce trends, I think we are right there to capture that. And then on the resiliency versus efficiency comment, its clear customers will carry more inventories to protect themselves against future shocks. We'll see that and they're going to want that inventory close to the consumption base to meet consumer demands for delivery time. So I think our portfolio today is positioned and we're going to continue to build out our land bank and further solidify our portfolio.
Thomas Olinger: I think you cut off, but I get the gist of your question. On social distancing, I think there are certain categories of our customers that their businesses will continue to suffer like the people servicing the convention trade and hospitality, I think -- or airlines, I think those businesses will continue to suffer. If you mean what is it mean in terms of the actual occupants of our buildings, the people who work in our building. The most people intensive operations that we have are the e-commerce players and you have read the same things I have about Amazon and other e-commerce players, and some of the controversy that's been out there. But I think those companies have been very responsible actually in terms of not only providing a lot of employment during this difficult time, but also having a lot of controls in terms of checking people's temperatures. And now I understand they're going to go to some pretty regular testing, serology testing. So, I think they're doing the best they can to actually get people back to business. So you and I can actually get our groceries and other things. And I actually commend them for that. With respect to the share buyback program, you know we did buyback $35 million of stock when the stock got into the 60s. And we felt that that was a very, very significant discount to NAV and it was a compelling opportunity. And to be honest with you, after doing that I changed my mind and then thought the perception of that is not going to be great. So we took all the profits that we made there and our intention is to put all those profits back into the Prologis foundation, and it was a pretty substantial amount of profit. So I think actually we're going to do some good with it going forward. But we haven't, I haven't fully thought through the perception of it and -- but we made some money and we're going to spend it for a good cause.
Thomas Olinger: This is Tom, Sumit. On the lease terminations, there's nothing unique, they’re episodic. And what we saw in Q1 was not particularly unusual. It was just related to a tenant’s needs and we helped them out in another space as well. There were couples like that. So it’s episodic. There's no trending that we see with termination fees being foreshadowing any other type of activity. I just don't see it.
Thomas Olinger: Well, first of all, I don't think I gave you a forecast for market rent. I was very careful to tell you, let me tell you actually what has happened. And I distinguish between the activity in January and February, which was up 1% compared to our expectations versus March that was up 2%. But our forecast don't incorporate rents going up, we basically pushed that out for the balance of this year. And as someone else pointed out, we haven't issued guidance for next year but we do think there's going to be a snap back next year that's going to result in rent growth. If you were going ask me right now, it's not a fully baked idea. So our official view on rent growth is that it's flat for the year and we're writing out some rent growth. So you can think of it as a slight decline or something, but we're not smart enough to be able to forecast those things with precision. The good news is that market rent growth has very little to do with our numbers in the near future. We have only 8% of the space that rolls over and we have 15% mark to market and a greater amount on the ones that roll over this year. So really what drives rent and operating results is the mark-to-market and the small percentage of rollover. So I don't think it's going to be a big deal.
Thomas Olinger: Eric, honestly, I'm really surprised with your question. Have we talked to any customers? That just really blows me away. We are very customer centric. We have a Chief Customer Officer, who in addition, as part of the executive team, who spends all his time and a dedicated team talking to our major customers. And we have over 500 customer facing people in the field that are in constant dialog with our customers. So yes, we do speak to our customers quite a bit. As to economic forecast, I don't spend a lot of time looking at economic forecasts, because I've seen much smarter people than Prologis have forecasts that are down 5% a year and some that have down 40% this year. So I don't know what it is. I just look at customer behavior when we forecast our business. And yes, in the long term, our business is completely correlated with consumption, which is highly correlated with economic growth or decline. But in the short term, the dynamics of e-commerce, the stay at home economy and the need to carry more inventory overwhelm those kinds of longer term considerations.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, your other question on the rent deferrals and the accounting analysis of that. So the way we're structuring our rent deferrals is extending the payment term. And as we mentioned, the payment term, the due dates are within 2020. We certainly expect them to be paid, but the whole analysis on the collectability when you book that revenue, you gain that revenue to be collectible and that's just assessment. So this is relating to April revenue that's being deferred and you make the assessment in April as to the collectability of that revenue and you either book that revenue or you book a reserve, or portion reserve against that based on your assessment of collectability. And then regarding the ramping or what is earnings look like from a quarterly perspective, clearly, Q2 will be heavily influenced by the promote, because that's when the bulk of that will land. And then it's really a function of what we see, quite frankly, from a bad debt experience. As we said, we've got a lot of bad debt reserve that's sitting there for the rest of the year. And I think our results are going to move relative to what happens there.
Thomas Olinger: On the appraisals, what we've seen in the first quarter appraisals is that generally the numbers are up very slightly but the appraiser is like 1% or 2% quarterly. And appraisers have basically stickered the appraisals as they normally do and markets with turmoil that talk about that there are no cons et cetera, et cetera. But the real answer on that is that because promotes are such a sensitive calculation to the terminal value, these are generally three year promotes. And if you move around the terminal value a little bit the promotes can move around we're generally very conservative and projecting and guiding promotes. And we feel like we've got sufficient room to absorb any kind of a downside there. The other thing I would say is that more than half of the projected promote is a hold back of promote from three years ago, and the amount of which was determined and calculated and is known and that number will not change. So a big portion of that number we know exactly what it is more than 50%. So to the extent there's variabilities on that last I would say 40% of it, 60% of it is backed.
Thomas Olinger: We are chickens and chickens live longer. I mean, when the world is going or falling off the cliff and everybody's talking about GDP going down 40% this quarter or whatever. We had some spec developments, we can try them anytime, they’re entitled they're ready to go. And if we see the demand, we'll start them two months later. We're not saying that that's our forecast. We're saying every quarter we've got to get in front of you guys and give you some assessment of what we think is going to happen. And this is a very turbulent time. I think the fact that we've even put out a guidance and by the way, we don't have an advantage of looking at all the other people and figuring out what they're doing to sort of tailor our message accordingly. We're going back first and we got to stick our neck out. And we have and we've given a range. But we have taken a conservative approach, saying that we're not going to deploy any new capital on discretionary starts of speculative projects, and we're not going to buy anything at yesterday's prices. If prices become different, for sure we're going to use our resources. We have over $10 billion, $11 billion of capacity between the funds and the balance sheet, and we will certainly start those developments once there is leasing that we feel really comfortable about going forward. But we can't predict that, there is no cost to waiting, there's only upside in waiting. So we've covered the downside. We're still well positioned for the upside. And it's not intended to be a forecast. It's just a prudent thing to do. And I hope we're wrong about that and we'll do closer to what we have planned on doing before. But we're not going to get over our skis.
