Tim Arndt: Sure. Demand is definitely softer. It’s closer to normal, maybe even a little bit below normal at this instant. There is a lot of latent demand that large companies having large requirements are continuing to talk to us about build-to-suits, but they are reluctant to pull the [Technical Difficulty]
Tim Arndt: What I would say, generally, though, without getting specific on this opportunity, we think the margins that come out of our data center business, by definition, based on our historic cost of land or even the market value of land, will be orders of magnitude higher than they would be under logistics build-out. So multiples of a normal margin.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. The portion of build-to-suit is obviously a lot higher than that if you include the data centers. What Dan meant was a mix of logistics and logistics spec versus build-to-suit.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Camille. It’s Tim. Yeah. Just a clarification on the first part, that was a quarter-over-quarter number in SoCal, the 2% decline. And then in terms of what could change the fourth quarter, the answer is very little at this point. Certainly on the rent change side of things, most all of that leasing is already inked. We could have some surprises, very moderate I would say on the occupancy side, but I actually don’t expect that. We have a pretty tight range on occupancy as you know. So I don’t think you will see anything take us outside of our guidance.
Tim Arndt: So, hey, the view is 7% in United -- globally and in the U.S. We are about mid-6s so far this year, so that implies growth in the fourth quarter as we described earlier. And then as it relates to forward guidance, I’d like to underline our upcoming Investor Day in December as the time to look for new information.
Tim Arndt: And then the second question on the waltz, extended waltz being necessary for the kind of IRRs we are targeting in acquisitions.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. I would just pile on there that we look at these opportunities of whether it be one year to three years or four years of negative leverage as an opportunity, really. We look at total return on every deal. And again, we take it through our filters of quality, mark-to-market and whether we want to hold it long-term or not and then we layer that on with our potential essentials, revenues and synergies and otherwise. So while it’s one consideration, so are all these other factors.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. To answer the last part, no, I don’t expect anything into 2024. Basically, of the $0.03, a couple of pennies that were related to termination income from some leases that were canceled and then higher interest income. There’s about $0.02 there I would call that, that’s permanent to the year and then the other penny in the quarter I would say is more of a timing issue, specifically in taxes. We will see some lower taxes in the third quarter, but higher again in the fourth quarter. So if you take that with regard to the rule, if you take that $0.03 out, you are basically rolling from, let’s call it $1.30 million to $1.28 million in the fourth quarter is what’s implied in our guidance. And basically, you would roll NOI forward. We are going to add -- probably add $0.02 from just base same-store growth quarter-over-quarter. And then the declines are going to come from mainly ramping of development. We see much more investment and land and CIP starting to build. And you should be aware in your models, our cost of funding development in the short term is essentially 6%. Think of that as SOFR plus our line rate. We are capping interest at our in-place debt is how this works. That’s at 3%. So in the short-term, that’s a drag on core FFO seen mainly in interest expense. Obviously, over the long-term, the margin in value creation is there. But we will see that drag pick up as development’s ramp.
Tim Arndt: Sure, Vince. We covered a couple of them. I talked about Southern California. I point to Houston, Indianapolis, and then outside the U.S., the softest market might be Poland.
Tim Arndt: And China and I think I’d offer now that market vacancies are beginning to gap out again, I think we are going to see quality make a bigger difference in terms of portfolio mix.
Dan Letter: Well, what I would say is, on this particular data center, we are under a strict confidentiality. So we can’t be speaking about any particular yield points by any means. But what I would say is, we have been building capabilities internally to ensure that we hit the market for these deals and you will see those play out as we announce more data centers going forward.
Dan Letter: Sure, Steve. This is Dan. So the lion’s share of our Q4 starts are logistics starts. We have one, maybe two smaller data center starts that we have forecasted. But overall, it’s about 50-50 build-to-suit and spec. And let me just highlight that we have been calling for a back-end loaded forecast for about four quarters now. As we talk about market development starts now at 65% -- I guess down 65% from the peak, this is playing out exactly as we expected and we have been gearing up all year for a really heavy Q4 start volume.
Dan Letter: The only thing I would add is, our teams around the globe are literally turning over every stone daily. And this is land acquisitions, this is core acquisitions, it’s value-add acquisitions and the teams turn to opportunistic right now. So it’s really hard to peg exactly where we are going to land our acquisition volume for the year, which is why you saw us move it up a couple hundred million after this Phoenix transaction. But overall, I think our teams are going to continue to find opportunistic transactions consistent with what Hamid just said on the returns.
Chris Caton: Hey, Todd. It’s Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. Yes. We expect rent growth to remain positive throughout that time period. Market conditions are stable and there are a handful of markets that we have talked about that are softer, but by and large, markets are proving resilient with rent growth in line or ahead of inflation.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I will build on that by saying as the market is digesting the demand and supply picture that Hamid described. We are beginning to see some differentiation in submarkets where LA, Orange County is proving more resilient and the Inland Empire is a bit softer.
Chris Caton: Yeah. Absolutely. I might start by just saying one way to think about rent growth going forward is to think about the replacement cost math. We have really seen construction costs prove resilient and replacement costs prove resilient. And the interest rate dynamic that Hamid described earlier translates to the rents that are required to warrant new development. So over a medium-term horizon, a couple years, that’s going to play one of the most important factors into evaluating rent growth. As it relates to different markets, which was your question, I think, it’s probably fair to point to Tim’s comments on the markets that have proved the strongest so far this year. Mid-Atlantic, Sunbelt, Northern California are markets that stand out in my mind in the U.S. and there is a range of them globally, whether it’s Toronto, Mexico, Germany and the Netherlands. So that’s what I would look to.
Chris Caton: Hi. Thanks for the question. Again, it’s Chris. So, just to give you the total numbers, we are on pace to see 490 million square feet of deliveries in the United States this year against 195 million square feet of net absorption. So that gap is wider. And some of that relates simply not so much to the softness in demand that you are describing, but the timing of deliveries of the pipeline. If anything, our view of where the pipeline’s going has come down, not gone up over the last 90 days related to the trend in starts and so really it’s really timing as it relates to that gap.
Chris Caton: So the magnitude of the dispersion, so just to be clear, in terms of strengths versus weaknesses, because I want to be sure that wasn’t conflated, the strong markets include the Mid-Atlantic, Sunbelt, Northern California and really there are only a handful of soft markets. SoCal, we have talked about in these market that’s been flat all year. In terms of dispersion, there is a fair amount of sameness in the trend, whether you look at it on a quarterly or a calendar year basis. So rents are trending in the annualized rate from the third quarter that Tim discussed, with some markets moderately ahead, like the strong markets I described and then just really one or two markets that are notably weaker. So I guess I suppose there’s that dispersion.
Chris Caton: Hey, Ki Bin. I will take the utilization question. Thanks for it. As you see on the page in supplemental, there are multiple metrics on the page and we look at all of them in totality and additional ones that are not included in the supplemental. So we have a range of proprietary data, whether it’s our IBI survey, tenants in the market, customer decision-making timeframes, our sales pipeline. Specific to the utilization data, that lags. That does not lead economic and real estate cycles we have seen that over time. And so what I think this is best understood in the context of today’s retail sales numbers, which shows a resilient consumer that is outperforming expectations and leading to lower utilization levels.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the rental forecast, I am afraid you are going to have to wait for that when we issue guidance and we get into that. And one thing we are going to stay away from is quarter-by-quarter forecasting of rents. It’s hard enough to guess what it is on an annual basis, much less on a quarter-to-quarter forecast. So what was the first part of the question? Oh, occupancy trade-off.
Hamid Moghadam: It depends on the actual markets. There are about 20% of the markets that I can see us driving for occupancy and about 80% of the markets that are still in equilibrium or tighter. But the key to your question is what you asked in the middle of it, which is, how do you expect that to change? And the reason we are not going to get super aggressive on rents is because we have a belief that, I mean, just look at the starts. They are down 65% and even with moderating demand, we are going to get something like 60% or 70% of that shortfall that we are going to encounter in the next three quarters shortfall of demand, we are going to get it back in the subsequent three quarters. So there’s no sense really going cheap, it’s just. But I would say 20% of our markets, we are going to be more focused on occupancy.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. But I would say, our previous forecast did not anticipate the sudden jump in rates that has come in the last month and a half. We thought that treasuries were going to settle in the mid-3s, not mid-4s, maybe mid to high 3s and not mid-4s or approaching 5. So that I think has taken and shifted some of the demand out. But the thing that encourages me and we will have to see -- wait to see this, is that companies are not shutting down their dialogue with us in terms of their long-term needs and are build-to-suit discussions are every bit as good as they have been across most cycles. But they are not pulling the trigger just yet, given that those things generally involve major capital expenditures and those are all being scrutinized by the C-suite pretty tightly these days.
Hamid Moghadam: Absolutely. Because the margins embedded in the data center development, Mike, are orders of magnitude higher, certainly on the basis of market value under industrial use or purchase price under industrial use. So we would be doing that even if the market was tight as a drum. And by the way, let’s not get carried away. The market is in the high 4s occupancy, I mean, vacancy, sorry, that is absent 2021 and 2022 I would have said that would be my Christmas present would be vacancy rates that are sub-5 in any part of the cycle other than the last couple of years. So the markets are strong, but the data center opportunities, if you can get the power, the demand is there and it’s been boosted by AI and a bunch of other things. So we see sort of a rush of data center opportunities and the large players and they are all big credit players into the business and they can’t get enough of this stuff to keep up with demand.
Hamid Moghadam: So our credit issues are fairly modest and they usually involve retailers and we have a build-in 85% plus mark-to-market on those leases that we have identified as potential risks. And we have actually captured some of those spreads and already improved our position by buying out those leases or just getting them back and releasing the space in a short period of time. So I don’t think credit is a particularly important consideration in this cycle.
Hamid Moghadam: We are using the same lease terms in acquisitions than we always have been. There is not -- I mean, if you look at 30 years of history, I mean, our waltz have been between four and a half years and six years or something like that on average in our leases. So it doesn’t move around that much.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the second issue of opportunities, there are a lot of merchant developers that are bank financed and active in the market and they are just about completing their projects now. They have some interest reserve built into their lease-up plans, but their lease-up plans are going to get extended. So actually, I think, what’s going to happen is that they can’t really be afford to rent the space at the lower rate. I think they are more likely to sell their positions to people with stronger balance sheets and we have already seen and taken advantage of a couple of instances like this. So don’t be surprised to see us buy some vacant completed shelves at discounts to replacement costs, because -- it’s -- because of our view on demand and supply, with 65% decline in supply, we think if you get into late 2024, early 2025, we are going to be in a pretty strong market. So this is where balance sheet matters. This is where quality of location and product matters, and we are going to be very selective about the projects that I described. But that’s why we have been building our balance sheet and keeping our leverage around 20% all this time. This is when we put it to work.
Hamid Moghadam: So, generally speaking, I would say, on where manufacturing is taking place, in Asia, there’s a lot of manufacturing still in Asia. It’s not all in China and it had been gradually declining in China in the last couple of years anyway. It was first moving to western China and then it was spreading to other places in Southeast Asia. But there are going to be strong flows still from those places. It’s just not going to be all from China. But the container doesn’t care whether it’s coming from somewhere else or China. It lands in the same ports. Secondly, demand in our product is mostly driven by consumption and not manufacturing. In manufacturing, the finished product ends up in a container and on a truck or a ship. So the warehouse is a truck or a ship. So that manufacturing per se doesn’t generate a lot of demand. When those containers land in places where consumption takes place, that’s when the demand is generated for deconsolidation. Now those markets happen to be in populous parts of the country, because that’s where the consumption is and those markets tend to be high barrier to entry markets. So we don’t think the dynamic of on-shoring to the extent that it exists is going to change things around all that much. The biggest beneficiary of on-shoring has been actually near-shoring and it’s been in northern Mexico. Northern Mexico markets are 100% occupied and there’s insatiable demand for product in those markets and most of that is for distribution buildings that are used for manufacturing purposes. So that’s where we have seen the material demand. If there’s more demand coming for manufacturing in the U.S., A, we haven’t really seen it and if we do see it, we will be the beneficiary of it because we are well positioned in those central markets as well.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I think the effect is going to be indirect, because the Middle East is not obviously a source of product or exports or we are not active in any of those markets. So it will be a second order effect on the macro economy. And if the Fed remains very aggressive on rates, if you believe their talk and all of a sudden we have some drop off in demand, because that conflict expands and the nightmare scenario would be that a couple of tankers get sunk in the Persian Gulf at the narrow end and oil goes to $200 a barrel. I mean, the bets are off. But boy, if we see that scenario, I can’t think of a better business to want to be in and I hate to see that scenario happen. But actually on a relative basis, it should be good for our business, because it will mean that people will, first of all, inventory becomes really important and it means that -- it’s yet one more uncertainty like the pandemic, like the earthquake, like all these other disruptions that we have seen that will push the general posture of companies from just in time to just in case. So I hate to say it would be good because it’s an awful situation that’s going there and before this is all over, a lot of innocent people are going to get killed and I don’t want to see this happen. But I don’t think its impact on the business on a relative basis is going to be terrible. I am honestly more worried about the Fed overdoing it than that conflict escalating. But those things are very hard to predict. I think that was our last question. So we really appreciate your participation. Really look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Investor Day and I promise it will be really good. So take care.
