Tim Arndt: Yes, I can take the second part. We actually really don't break the number down in that way. We have full year same-store guidance. As noted, with a midpoint of -- it's at 7.5% to -- yes, sorry, 7.5%. And the growth in the back half is probably adding $0.01 to $0.02 of the run rate that you'll see in Q3 and Q4.
Tim Arndt: One thing I'll just highlight and maybe throw it over to Dan is just that the development yields you are looking at there while conservative would incorporate our view of rents at the time that the assets are stabilized and as the leasing is occurring, whereas acquisition cap rates are going to be reflecting current and in-place NOI. So, that's a pretty big gap in there to appreciate.
Tim Arndt: Yes, it's Tim. I would say two things. One, the back half, and I think this we discussed last quarter is -- does not have the occupancy gains that we see in Q1 and Q2 that this year, same-store is enjoying in the back half, the occupancy gains driving same-store more muted and it's pretty much rent changed from there. I think to shift your question more to the long-term, I refer back to my comments for the script where you can look at our expiration schedule, you can use the lease mark-to-market. We've highlighted establish a market rent and look at the rents expiring in the remainder of this year, next year, 2024, et cetera. That's the point I made about computing easily 8% same-store growth enduring for many years to come. So, that's how I would use the data and then look at that resiliency.
Tim Arndt: Yeah, it's moving by the same delta roughly at the end of the quarter, it was 48%. You probably heard me say that's not a number I find very useful. I would focus on the net effective because that stat is heavily influenced by where you are with remaining lease terms. So it creates all kinds of problems interpreting it. And the net effective number that we gave you of about 56%. I think it's a better representative of what's going on in the economics and the leases and also better representative of what will go on in our earnings.
Tim Arndt: No, I fully agree on how we view that transaction. And then with regard to dispo timing, nothing has really changed in our forecast. The holding of our guidance reflects our original view. There's always puts and takes on which quarter, some things will land in and what the right mix of assets are going to be, but we're good with our guidance.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. So there is the much talked about risk to supply exceeding demand. And there's a fair amount of confusion between the supply and demand balance in the overall US industrial market and the markets that we are involved in. And I'll turn it over to Chris to actually walk you through that because that's a pretty important distinction, and I really don't think there is a risk to supply, particularly given the low vacancy rates from which we are operating today. But let's bookmark that, and Chris will talk about that. On the demand side, the way I think about it is that I've been doing this for 40 years. And I would say, prior to last quarter and the quarter before, let's call the peak in terms of strength of market on the demand side as a 10 on a one to 10 scale. I think the last quarter and the quarter before were like on 12 or 13. They were just crazy good. And I think this quarter, there may be 9.5 to 10. I mean by historical standards, this would be exceptionally good. I mean in the 5 percentile good for the last 40 years. It just -- it can never be as good as it was in the last quarter and the quarter before because, frankly, everybody reads the same papers. And if you're a CEO of a company and you're looking to expand your operations, you're going to just take your time a little bit more, just to be sure that you're not making a stupid mistake. So the difference between sort of grabbing every piece of the space that you can see, which may push demand 10%, 20% above what is really needed, probably in an environment like this could haven't been conservative by 10% to 20%. And that swing is basically coming out of the froth that we saw in the last two quarters. So that's the way I think about it. But Chris can give you the supply/demand numbers because there's a lot of misunderstanding on those factors.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The other thing that's going on, and we're probably over-killing this response, but I think it's probably the single biggest area where we get questions on. Construction has not only become expensive, but also construction periods have been really stretched out because of limited availability of certain components. And by the way, we've been really good about ordering that stuff ahead of time. I'm talking about the market, not our situation in particular. So an extended construction period will make the pipeline of supply sound bigger. So if you're having a third longer construction period, which is what we're estimating, with the same amount of supply, the numbers will just be one-third bigger. That's just math. So again, a lot of confusion about this issue. And I think it's a single biggest disconnect between investor perceptions and the reality on the ground.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. And the absolute vacancy rates today are just crazy low. I mean, like half of what they were in prior cycles at the peak of the market. So whether -- so we're talking about just so that we've got our cycles clear. Probably some of you on the call weren't even born then. But I'm talking about the early '80s oil crisis, the late '80s, early '90s, the SNL crisis, real estate crisis, the dot-com collapse in the early 2000s, the global financial crisis. Compared to all of those, first of all, I don't think we're looking at the same site of situation. And, certainly, we're not starting off a vacancy rate that starts with a 3. So I think it's crazy that we're even thinking about those situations.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Our development activity is always bottoms up deal by deal, leasing opportunity by leasing opportunity and remember, we're not developing in new markets. We're developing in place we -- where we have, I don't know, 20, 30, 40 in the case of Southern California, over 100 million square feet of activity that we're seeing on a day-to-day basis. So, there are bottoms up, they are not like we're building to a goal. It's not that at all.  But we are likely not going to be deploying the same amount of capital in development across the cycle. I think we're on the good side of the cycle. Where that will moderate? I don't know. But construction costs today are probably up 50%, land values are up significantly. So, the rents you need to get acceptable margins. And I mean land values at market, not land values at our cost because with our costs, we have significant margins.  Really make it tough to make some of the numbers work, particularly for a lot of our competitors that buy land just -- as just-in-time type of acquisition. So, I think that's a real limiter and governor on profitable development and we'll just see. But across a 10-year cycle, we're towards the high end of deployment levels today, for sure.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I have to add is that implied in your question is that we think it's really important to pull-forward development. Again, it is not. We're not building to a particular budget or anything like that. So, if we see the market again bottoms up deal by deal, not being as strong as we wanted, we're just happy to sit and not develop in that market. Not to mention that the big portion of our developments are build-to-suit and lease. So, we know the economics going in.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way other than this cycle in the entire history of the company, the highest same-store number ever was 6.5% for the forward one year. So we -- I mean to have sort of 8% rental growth for multiple years, like five years, is just crazy good because the mark-to-markets are so high.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I would add is that I didn't listen to the Amazon earnings call, but I got more questions about that one comment than comments from the entire industrial real estate industry, which is pretty consistent. So I guess if you have a market cap of over $1 trillion, people listen to you a lot more. But I think the single biggest miss for investors is that they read too much into that commentary. And the facts on the ground just don't support it. So that's all I have to say. And I'm prepared to be on the record for that.
Hamid Moghadam: I think if I were going to bet, of course, nobody knows is that I think that will normalize at a higher level than normal. But right now, I would say it's prudent to assume that will be slightly down, but better than most market cycles. So that's the way we're running our business.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Here's what I would say generally. We have -- we lease about one million square feet a day, actually more than one million square feet a day. But as big as we are, once you start dividing the numbers into the markets we operate in and the economic sectors that we lease to, the one million square foot lease can move the numbers around radically in a quarter. And by the way, if you look at the same data from other companies, 100,000 square foot lease can really move their numbers around. So I wouldn't look at those statistics on a quarter-by-quarter basis. I think they're totally meaningless because of the law of smaller numbers. So the answer is, I don't know. But I don't think -- I wouldn't look to that for any kind of long-term assumptions on how to run our business.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I would say similar to the fundamentals of our business, in the past couple of years, we've had more demand for our funds than we've chosen to take money for. In other words, we've turned down people who wanted to invest money in our funds because we had these really long queues, And it was irresponsible to take -- keep taking money when we have hard time deploying that volume of money. I would say that has shifted a bit. So demand for new products has shifted down. And on the margin, there is a little bit more of redemption requests. Well, a little bit more before it was zero, and now we have some redemption requests. All of this is reflective of what I call the denominator effect is that, their stock and bond portfolios are getting hammered, their private equity and venture portfolios are getting write-down. So basically, real estate generally is getting to be a larger percentage, and they have to rebalance. So -- and industrial is probably the best sector to rebalance out of, because that's where the liquidity and the market strength and the embedded gains have been in the last market cycle. So not at all surprising, but we still have plenty of private capital to run our business for a long, long time. And I think we have a great franchise in that area and one that has been really well tested in -- through three or four market cycles. And by the way, that's the same reason we've kept our leverage in that business so low, because when everybody is kind of levering up, the thing to do is to run your business unlevered. And if we see some great opportunities coming out of that cycle, our remaining powder is not just what we have in the queues that we talked about, but also the opportunity of levering up to the more normalized levels that those funds were designed to do. So I don't think capital is a constraint for us on the private side.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I would say this is the second worst understood point about our business. I think I would put Amazon first and I would put a level of inventory second, that's why we've chosen to put out this paper, and I just invite you to get into the nuances. These kinds of numbers, particularly ratio type numbers, can be very misleading, if you don't parse them out. For example, whether you include autos or non-autos or general merchandise or non-general merchandise, you'll see those conclusions to be radically different.
Hamid Moghadam: All I can tell you is that, it's hard to increase lease proposals when you have less space to rent. We only have 2% vacancy. So, the metric that you should think about is the one that we mentioned in the script, which is that, we are 52% on our vacancy at this point in the cycle, which is by far higher than the normal point in the cycle in terms of pre-leasing or re-leasing of our vacancies. These are proposals by the way.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let me just give you an example of dispo guidance. We had a portfolio that we had on the market, nothing to -- obviously, with Duke. And the buyer came back for a price discount. And we basically told them, they can take a hike. The same thing happened in the week that the world shutdown because of COVID. A buyer came in, they were way down the road on the acquisition, and they came back, this is two years ago, for a price discount, okay? And we told them to go away. They came back a year and a half later, and they paid 15% more than they had the deal tied up on. So, 20% more than where they were trying to drive the price that. I'm not saying the same thing will happen, but I'm just saying, look, at the end of the day, no level of disposition or acquisition or development is going to affect the company that's of this scale and diversity.
Hamid Moghadam: Third, at least well understood point. And you make a great point. What does the spot cap rate mean if your mark-to-market is 50 basis points. If you're investing in apartments, you're there is no mark-to-market. So, the cap rate is the cap rate. But the fact that you have that built-in mark-to-market, just as your question suggests, that alone would drive cap rates way down. So, I think the IRR is a much better measure of return requirements. And I would say, a quarter ago, we were seeing transactions go down in the low five unleveraged IRRs, which is the way we like to look at it. By the way, we're investing at those kinds of returns. But they were literally low five IRRs with an average, I would say, rent growth forecast a market rent growth forecast of probably 3%, okay? Today, I would say the discount rates that people are likely to look at are going to have a six in front of them, low 6s. But the rental growth forecast, even with the same 3% market rent forecast is going to be substantially higher than before because the mark-to-markets have expanded. So the lease mark-to-market of 3% is on top of the mark-to-market. So the total lease growth rate is increasing. So I'm not sure the cap rates are going to move around that much because of the mark-to-market issue. I think what's going to happen is most people don't get that. So they're going to pause a bit on volume of deployment. But any time anybody wants to bring a good deal in one of our markets at -- with 50% mark-to-market at the kind of cap rates that we saw maybe three quarters ago, our number is one 800 Prologis. We'd like to buy as much of that stuff as we can because I think to invest in that with that mark-to-market, -- and that level of discount to replacement costs is our dream come true, and our leveraged friends can't do that. So it's a great environment.
Hamid Moghadam: Jamie, it would be pure speculation. I have no idea is a personal answer. First of all, I'm not sure we're going to have a recession. Secondly, I have no idea if we have a recession, how deep or extended it will be? I'm not sure even what the definition of the recession is anymore because when got not just committee deciding whether we're in a recession or not, and they usually declare it a couple of quarters after it happens. So the answer is, I have no clue. That's the honest answer. Okay. That was the last question. Really appreciate your interest and look forward in our continued dialogue. Take care.
Chris Caton: Yeah. Let's be clear. And indeed, we publish our data quarterly to try and help bring clarity to the marketplace. And what does that data reveal? Well, we forecast 375 million square feet of net absorption and completions this year, calendar year 2022, and see vacancy rate falling to 3.2%. Now our statistics focus on our 30 US markets and is based on the leading source in each market. Now we could look out to 2023. It's a little early, but we foresee a gap, say, 50 million to 100 million square feet in differential between supply and demand. That would lead to a moderate rise in market vacancies, but they would remain below 4%, which is well below the pre-pandemic and historical averages. Now what we're seeing when we look at market commentary is that sources -- some sources are using unconventional methodologies and also include additional non-Prologis markets. So, for example, the next 20 US markets, places like Memphis, St. Louis, Detroit, have a market vacancy rate that's roughly one percentage point higher in our markets and do have a supply/demand imbalance with 126 million square feet under construction versus trailing 12-month net absorption of 88 million square feet.
Chris Caton: Yeah. I would add, look, the US has been a market leader, especially on the coast with rent growth meaningfully outperform lower barrier markets. We're talking about 10 to 15 percentage annual rent growth, its better on the coast. And outside the US, whether it's Europe, whether it's the UK, whether it's Toronto, whether it's Mexico, vacancy rates are below 2.5%, and we're seeing some of the best market rent growth we've ever seen.
Chris Caton: Yes. So, I'd start by saying some of these insights are based on our investments in data that are unavailable elsewhere in real estate and uniquely available in this cycle. One metric that we invented in the last cycle was the IBI by way of a preview or by way of retrospective, I suppose. That metric is great at predicting next 12 months of net absorption and remains at a healthy level today.
Chris Caton: Hi Vince, it's Chris Caton. Yes, our expectations have evolved a couple of ways. One is, first, for this calendar year, we have reduced it, not increased it based on the challenge of delivering product as Hamid described earlier and products basically getting stuck in the supply pipeline. We have also reduced our view for next year just as you surmise based on fluidity and the landscape and the rise in financial return of…
Chris Caton: Hi. It's Chris Caton. I ran through the regional differences and the pace of growth this year is, in fact, higher than last year. So all the US and those differentials, Europe as well is faster, not slower. So we are -- we have quite a bit of momentum. In terms of individual markets, we track our risk -- our supply risk markets. And that list has not appreciably changed over the past year. We are watchful of supply in a handful of markets, Dallas, Indianapolis and Phoenix. But we would not rate that supply as too much to damage rent growth, but it's -- those are a couple of markets we are watching.
Chris Caton: Thanks, Derek. It's Chris Caton. Yes, indeed, Tim summarized our view, and we do think it's -- in his script, and we think it's appropriate to be prudent in macro. In fact, we're getting a lot of questions on this, just as you're asking. So, we're going to publish a paper this week on this very topic. Look, summary is the buildup of real inventories for resilience is really only half done and it’s progressing -- it's progressing with our view.  Now notwithstanding some of that excess inventory for some retailers for some products, which you just described, the broader landscape has continued to focus on raising inventory levels, reducing stock outs and reintroducing product variety. As it relates to leasing, we are seeing it in the marketplace now for resilience. I'll just give you the basic numbers, trend demand growth in our 30 markets is roughly 200 million to 225 million square feet per year, and we are running at a pace of 300 million square feet per year.  So, we have indeed seen quite a bit of growth in excess of -- excuse me, it's 400 million, so 300 million realized over the last 18 months. So, we've begun to realize some of these structural drivers, but more is in front of us than has been realized.
Chris Caton: Yes. And as it relates to the IBI, which you asked, we find it to be more closely correlated with next 12-month absorption than any other economic indicator.
