Gene Reilly: Thanks, Tom. I'm pleased to share the details about our merger agreement by IPT. Portfolio comprises 37.5 million square feet and 24 U.S. markets, 22 of which are the largest target markets. The assets are located in sub-markets we consider strategic and where we already have the benefit and scale, and a proven operating presence. The portfolio is slightly younger than the balance of our existing U.S. assets and otherwise, very similar in terms of customer profile and physical characteristics. Over the normal course of business, we anticipated disposition program of approximately $800 million or 20% of the portfolio. The $4 billion price works out to 4.5% stabilized cap rate and a cap rate of just under 4.9% using current market rents. And then $106 a square foot, we believe we are purchasing the portfolio at a small discount to replace some costs. We are not purchasing the IPT operating platform and therefore, our incremental hiring activity will be limited to leasing and property management personnel necessary to manage the portfolio. As IPT leases roll overtime, the Prologis teams will have the benefit of deeper market knowledge and relationships, greater flexibility, access to better information, bigger market share and ultimately, the ability to provide the best service to our customers and generate more revenue. The $0.05 to $0.06 of accretion that Tom mentioned does not include the potential benefits of procurement, ancillary revenue sources, or our other platform initiatives currently underway. During the past eight years, we've integrated over $45 billion in very large portfolio transactions, including the AMB Prologis transaction, KTR and DCT. In each case, we outperformed our synergy forecast and we expect to do so here. So in short, we're highly confident in our ability to integrate these assets into our portfolio. And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Gene Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start with the answer and I think Chris Caton will pile on as well. So, we just don't see headwinds in the operating environment. And you've got basically 3% vacancy rates across the continent. You get steady demand. You get demand in excess of very low economic growth but you have steady demand. And we just don't -- we don't see trade concerns, we don't see Brexit coming up in any customer dialog. So things look pretty good right now. And we also don't see excessive supply other than in some very isolated individual markets.
Gene Reilly: Yes, also the proxy will have plenty of the details from what they looked at on the other side. So, we'll both find out.
Gene Reilly: So Jamie we've, as you can see, taken out the midpoint $100 million. Some of that’s captured by the increased build-to-suit activity Mike talked about. So, I'd say there's a very modest increase in spec. But I don't -- we don't -- when we see opportunities, as you know, we have a robust land bank. So we have the ability to start building, but we're not going to do it unless we see market opportunity, and we do. So, basically, the answer to your question is, we're going to have a modest increase based on our prior guidance throughout the rest of this year.
Gene Reilly: And I just want to pile on that a bit. These disposition assets are good assets. They're not assets that are consistent with our strategy. But I think these assets will be relatively easy to dispose of as compared to some of our prior activities.
Gene Reilly: It's Gene, I'll start and I think Chris will finish the answer. But if we look at the globe as compared to last quarter, there really aren't very many differences. As you heard us say over the past four or five years, frankly, certain markets in South Dallas and certain markets in Atlanta, i.e. in Chicago, Central Pennsylvania, once in a while, Inland Empire East and the U.S. come-on and come-off the list. And what's interesting is that in prior cycles markets never came off the list, they just kept over-building them until you're in a crisis. So that picture really hasn't changed internationally. The one note that we have is Osaka. Osaka's vacancy was very elevated. It's now, I think 9% or 10%. So it may come back on the list. But at this point, we're pretty comfortable. A lot of reduction in that vacancy rate recently. Chris, I don't know if you have…
Gene Reilly: So, the way we look at asset clusters and that's one way we describe this is if we're adding assets to the market that, let's say, we have 20 buildings, 25 buildings and call that 3 million to 4 million square feet. There is a clustering effect that we have tracked and we have tested. And there is no question you get incremental NOI. I'm not going to go into any specific details on that. But you have a situation when you're adding to a cluster, or you're adding enough to a smaller concentration that we already own. And you then created a cluster. And in this case we have one market that, you for sure, have created a cluster that will be Portland. There's a pretty good concentration here in Portland, PA and Baltimore, also fall in that category. And otherwise, we're just adding on to very, very big, big concentrations. And Chris, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Gene Reilly: Michael, this is Gene. We tend not to put our deadlines on that. In the current environment, I was telling, I think we need to do it fairly quickly in that timeframe. But we do it on the normal course of business. It has to be consistent with everything else we're doing. And then we have to see where the demand patterns on it. Sometimes you can aggregate a portfolio and move quickly, other cases maximizing value means one-off. So -- but that timeframe within 2020 is probably reasonable.
Tom Olinger: Thanks Jeremy. A couple things. So the way to think about our incremental investment. If you split the portfolio equally between the two funds, our ownership is 41%. And USLV, it does not use equity, USLF does. So we would think about 50% leverage targets to fund this deal from an USLF transaction. So think about $3 billion of equity that needed to come to the table our 40% of that is $1.2 billion. When you think about the accretion, the accretion is, primarily the vast majority of the accretion is operating efficiencies. So the $0.05 to $0.06 is $0.035 of operating efficiencies between $0.015 to $0.02 of incremental leverage and about a penny about a half of penny or less of actually purchase get to us. And so the accretion is quite strong. Most of that is cash. The fee components would be baked in that $0.035 I talked about and that's roughly $0.02.
Tom Olinger: Michael, on your debt question about U.S. versus non-U.S. debt. We only would do that to the extent we're matching foreign assets with foreign debt. About 79% of our debt today is non-dollar. We have not assumed in our accretion that we would use any non-dollar financing peers, all U.S. dollar financing. Do we have the ability to do a little more non-dollar financing? Sure, but none of us that's baked into these numbers.
Tom Olinger: Yes, Steve, you nailed it. It's really occupancy impact. We are continuing to push rents. We are seeing occupancies dip a little bit. I think we certainly have room to push rents more. If you just looked at our retention, you look at our occupancy you look at our rent growth. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think we're going to see and we will see rent change on a roll accelerate in the second half. We talked about rents growth increasing and why are we taking the top end up is because of occupancy. We're going to push rents and we don't have a lot of role in the second half. But this is really setting up for just longer durable runway for same store growth where our mark-to-markets holding at over 15% even with rolling 25% in the quarter. And if you really look at same-store, think about -- as we said in the last couple of calls, 2019 is a transitional year for same-store in that we have lower occupancy. So that's been a headwind this year. But if you think about the real driver of your same-store rent change your roll, it's been accelerating. Our trailing fourth quarter rent change on a roll is up over 300 basis points in the last four quarters. It is going to go higher, going forward. So the fundamental driver of same-store is intact and it is growing, and it will grow. But one thing on retention, we're seeing retention is very high on the larger spaces. And we're pushing rents across the board. I think we have an opportunity to push rents across all of our space sizes.
Tom Olinger: I'll take the first piece. So in our portfolio today, Prologis U.S., is around 17% and Europe is around 11%. So our blended is about 15.5%.
Tom Olinger: So couple of comments on the cap rates. I mean, cap rates are really difficult things to talk about, because all kinds of people use different approaches to them. Just to be clear, the way we call it something a cap rate is that it's the purchase price plus all the closing costs, plus the CapEx required to get it to stabilize occupancy, if necessary. And includes a vacancy allowance, which is critical because the portfolio is over leased 95% we adjust it back down to 95%. So our cap rates oftentimes we shake our heads to the reported cap rates that we see in the marketplace, because that's certainly not the cap rates that we underwrote. And you can imagine that we look at pretty much every deal. So that's one commentary on methodology. With respect to the direction of cap rates, I will tell you that this was since DCT the third significant portfolios that we looked at and competed for and obviously, in the other two cases, we were not successful. Our pricing did not change as to the whole portion of those portfolios at all pretty consistent. I'm not smart enough to tell you whether there was a portfolio or not, but we did not attribute one to the portfolio on this one or any of the other ones. But on the other ones, we were unsuccessful and on this one, we'll be successful, so who knows.
Tom Olinger: And in this one, there wasn't any of that. But on the others, there're actually been significant margins.
Tom Olinger: So I'll start. No more conservatism in our guidance. And I would just tell you from what we see from our customer perspective, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're seeing very consistent sequential quarter activity as it relates to showings, gestation, conversion rates, all that's holding or slightly better. So from what we see in our pipeline, it continues to be quite good.
Tom Olinger: Yes, we'll be giving those components. If you look at the back of our sub, you can see the detail in order for you to calculate same store own and manage. The SEC did their annual review of our K, we had one comment and that one comment was that they asked us to modify our owned advantage NOI disclosure. That actually approved our disclosure quite a few years back. But in light of their view around pro rata financial information, they asked us to modify the disclosure, because they took a view that this was pro rata and they just asked us to modify it. So, we can't show you the percentage. But if you look at our footnote and back this up, you can calculate the percentage.
Hamid Moghadam: This is Hamid, Michael. We don't really view our strategic capital business as where we put our bad deals or the ones that are not accretive. It is an integral part of our business. And it is part of our strategy going forward. And that's the vehicle -- those are the vehicles that we've established exactly for doing this thing. So we're sticking to that business plan and it's not like the good ones go to the balance sheets and the bad ones go to the fund. We all do it the same way. Also, the return on equity in the funds is obviously greater, because of the leverage through the asset management fees and the like. So, that's the strategy. It's been the strategy and it will remain the strategy.
Hamid Moghadam: But on the other side of that, the UK has slowed down a bit and the continent is stronger than we thought. So, I don't think Brexit not having any effect, its right. I think definitely the UK had slowed down some, particularly in the midlands.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, ultimately, I can't tell you who bid on the portfolio. I can tell you it was a competitive process. And as I think everybody knows on this call, there is plenty of capital interested in this real estate. As for our competitive advantage, I don't think it's any of the items you've listed. But I do think certainty of close, particularly for a vehicle like this publicly held vehicle was critical. And so, I think their confidence and our ability to negotiate complete this transaction smoothly, was important.
Hamid Moghadam: I think slightly accretive. And I mean to be frank we have not studied their historical operating performance. What we have study is the location and quality of the assets, which we like. We bought them onto our platform, I'd say, it's a marginal increase.
Hamid Moghadam: I think that level and the availability of high quality portfolios is dwindling. And these portfolios are going into capital sources that are permanent. And I think there's a limited supply of this stuff and they're really good market. So whenever there is an opportunity to pick up some of those assets and scale, you'll see us competing for those opportunities. And because of the clustering effect around our own portfolio, which is also focused on the same markets, we can really squeeze a lot more juice out of those oranges.
Hamid Moghadam: For sale portfolio, which is 20%, a small portion of it is two markets, Memphis and Salt Lake City, which we're not present in. So that's about 5% of it. And the balance of it is the pruning of the markets where we have a presence, but we don't really see a fit between that portion and our assets, that portion of the portfolio and our existing assets. So, it's a combination of market exits in those two cases and pruning in the case of the rest.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, one other data point for you. This is not the first time we've gone through cleanup of assets. We've sold about $14 billion of assets in the last five or six years. And you might be interested that on average we've exceeded our expectations by about 6% on the sales prices. So we're pretty comfortable that we can exit these assets at the premium.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, so we bought DCT at 4.6 cap rate and it was stock for stock deal. So, it was more of a relative valuation exercise than an absolute valuation exercise. So, I don't think you can conclude much about market cap rates based on looking at that. But this one in terms of quality, I would say, if you look at the whole portion, DCT was 95% hold, this is 80% hold and 20% sell. So in that sense, I would mark the DCT portfolio as better, because it has less to dispose. But if you look at the 80% and the 95%, I would say they were comparable.
Hamid Moghadam: Erick, just one more thing. On the cost side of that equation, we also mark any debt to market. And I think, often people leave that out of the equation and you have to, you have to factor it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, I think you maybe referring to the commentary on the fourth quarter call, where we were just coming off of a significant stock market sell-off and things were a little wobbly, generally with the overall economy in January. And we talked about having in the most recent two weeks, reduced our internal planning, that's all done. We're back on track. So, if you're referring to that, you can ignore all that.
Hamid Moghadam: Michael, the other thing is that there's a difference between the hold portfolio and the sell portfolio. So, the hold portfolio has a bigger mark-to-market, because those are stronger markets by and large and they've had more rent appreciations. But the primary difference is the cash versus GAAP number, which is about 5 points.
Hamid Moghadam: Not really, Michael, because we have a revolving line of credit that we pull up and down. So we're probably not going to pull capital out of the funds. We'll just leave it in there for future growth.
Hamid Moghadam: Good question. First of all, the choice of currency is not always ours. Sometimes the settler demands different kinds of currencies. But yes, that deals we do on balance sheet. And to them buy a deal and then sell it to the fund, there're just too much frictional cost associated with that. And oftentimes, the structuring of the transaction prevents that for some period of time. So, it gets complicated to do that. In terms of cash transactions, or cash portion of certain transactions, we're committed to do those deals, as I mentioned to in the funds. I mean, that's our business model and we'll continue to do that. These are, by the way, now very, very significant funds. I mean, you'll look at where a USLF will be at the end of this deal, it's going to be north of $12 billion. You look at where our European fund PELF is. It's about an $11 billion vehicle. I mean these, on a standalone basis, could be some of the largest REITs out there. So, they have ongoing needs. They're very successful vehicles. And we like the fact that we have the ability to use cash and currency to address a range of opportunities.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, this is going to be your last question, because somebody jumped in. But look, China is definitely slower but the overall -- slower than it has been for some time, and we see that on the ground. But the dynamics of the industrial real estate market in China are much more driven by availability of land from the one seller that has land, the government. And they've been always reluctant to supply the market with what it needs in terms of industrial land. And the reason for that is that industrial users don't generate taxes. And there is no property tax system in China. So they get their tax revenue based on registered capital. And people don't usually register their capital where their warehouses are. So there's always a shortage of land in the key markets in China. So even with a more modest economic growth, there's just not enough supply of product in a lot of these markets. So, the strength of the industrial market is driven by domestic consumption and a shortage of industrial land. Consumption for the first time slowed from the mid-teens to the high-single-digit. So, that's really important to keep in mind. And by the way, my commentary about the shortage of land applies to the Tier 1-1.5 type markets in which we operate. Some of the outlying areas you can get more land, but that's not relevant to our business. And remember, the tailwind of e-commerce in all of these different places where the consumption takes more space than normal consumption would have a decade ago.
Chris Caton: Yes, Gene is spot on. The market is unfolding a lot like we anticipated at the beginning of the year. That's low 3% vacancy rates, that's rental rates on a net effective basis that are on pace to rise. More than 6% on the continent rents are call it, more than 3% in the first half of the year. So there's really good momentum and we feel confident looking forward.
Chris Caton: Yes, Gene, You're spot on, I'd add, in fact there have been no additions this year. And that you have to look back to last year for the additions to this list. And as we mentioned in Midland is a market and then also Houston were addition late last year, so no additions this year and one subtraction. 
Chris Caton: I think that was perfect. The only thing I would add is that the benefit doesn't just accrue to the newly acquired portfolios, also, accrues to the existing portfolio, which is by far the more important of the two pieces.
