Hamid R. Moghadam: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter call. Let me start by saying how pleased I am with our results, which are the strongest for our company since the start of the global financials crisis. We'll keep our prepared remarks brief, as you just heard from us last month at our investor forum. Our focus today will be on the macroeconomy, realtime market conditions and our operating results. First, let me offer some observations at the economic indicators that most affect our business. Global trade volumes remain well above peak and the IMF forecast growth of over 3% for this year and 4.5% for 2013. Consumption is strong, with retail sales coming in at over 5.5% year-over-year and online sales growing 3x faster. Real inventories have increased with an annual rate of 3% this year. Interestingly, inventories are the only major economic indicator that remains low peak by about 3%. We think there is ample room for growth in inventories as consumer confidence improves. The increase in consumption and the rebuilding of inventories is translating into further improvement in the operating environment. Net absorption in the U.S. was positive for the quarter at 20 million square feet. While this is slightly below our forecast, it's worth noting that new supply also came in below our forecast. Deliveries in the quarter represented a fraction of the obsolescence rate. For the fourth quarter, we expect a healthy level of absorption around 50 million square feet, which is in line with normal seasonal patterns. Looking to 2013, we expect 160 million square feet of total absorption. Next year's forecast may prove to be conservative as it doesn't account for a housing recovery, which appears to be in its early stages. In terms of what we're hearing from our customers, the majority of our global markets, customers are confident about their prospects for the fourth quarter. We think this bodes well for the holiday season. As they look to 2013, our customers continue to focus on operating efficiencies and growth from e-commerce. Same-day delivery may be coming sooner than we all thought. Space utilization is very high, and the simple fact is that the number of our customers are no longer able to delay the business around space procurement. They're at the point of needing to press forward with new facilities, and we're seeing this in our high-level build-to-suit activity. Turning now to our third quarter results, our teams around the globe did an outstanding job leasing a record 39 million square feet in our operating and development portfolios. A real bright spot has been leasing in units less than 100,000 feet. Occupancy in these smaller spaces was up 80 basis points in the quarter and 270 basis points year-over-year. This segment is closely tied to the housing market. Growing demand and increases in occupancy are also having a positive impact on rent. In fact, we expect rents on rollover to turn positive in the next quarter and remain positive throughout most, if not all, of 2013. The lack of supply and increasing rents are driving our development starts, especially for larger buildings. During the quarter, we started 10 new projects globally, 2/3 of which were build-to-suits. Our margins on year-to-date starts are roughly 19%. While we don't expect to sustain this level of profitability over the cycle, these trends clearly support the value of our land make. Of course as conditions improve, new competitors will enter the markets we already serve. This will be challenging for them because the global markets have high barriers to entry. Lending policy changes such as Dodd-Frank and the new Basel III will require incremental capital charges that are up to 50% higher for real estate construction loans relative to traditional corporate lending. In fact, we are already seeing lenders adopt these new risk-based capital rules with more conservative lending standards. Changes in lending policies will impact new deliveries. We believe this cycle will be different as these new lending requirements will place a governor on overbuilding by merchant developers, who simply won't be able to secure funding for new construction. Turning to dispositions and contributions. As we mentioned on our last call, the fourth quarter will be a busy time for us as we have a number of packages on the market. We're making good progress, and Tom will elaborate on that in a minute. Looking at Private Capital, during the quarter we completed an important milestone with PEPR by taking 100% ownership of the fund. Our team is making progress recapitalizing our European portfolio. We also concluded Prologis North America Fund 11 by disposing of the remaining asset in the fund. This brings our total of funds rationalized to 7 since the close of the merger. To sum up, we had an outstanding third quarter, and we have an excellent momentum heading into the end of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, Brandon, let me start by answering your questions about Japan and Europe, and Tom will answer the question about the balance of the activity. On Japan, I'd just like to give you a somewhat scripted response. We've been working hard on a Japan recapitalization and in fact, have received one of the 2 major licenses required for J-REIT. Any consideration of a development fund that's secondary to our decision-making on our long-term vehicle in Japan, which will probably not happen this year, I'm not in a position to comment further on our Japan plans at this time. So moving on to Europe. As you know, we've actually made progress on controlling PEPR sooner than we thought. That was always in the very back end of our 2003, '13 10 quarter plan. And obviously we started the recapitalization process now earlier than we expected. Unfortunately, these things are minor. You kind of only hear about them when they're done, and you really have no sense of how much progress we're making or not making as we work on these things. So it's kind of difficult for me to comment because we have ongoing dialogue on this topic. But I feel really good that when you take into account the 2013 10 quarter plan, which is what we've laid out, that we'll meet not only all our objectives with respect to deleveraging, but also our other priorities of realigning our portfolio with our strategy and also getting the asset utilization up. So -- and I wish I could give you more specifics about that right now, but I can't.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jeff, it's a good question, and the honest answer to it is that while Walt and I are not in agreement on everything all the time, but I would say that with respect to our strategy which we've laid out and discussed and fully vetted before the merger was even announced, I would say we started out being 95% aligned and the last 5% we worked out. So it's been a very collaborative effort, and I'm going to really miss Walt going forward because he's been a great division to the company and a great sounding board. The best thing about him is that it is very hard for CEOs to let go. And Walt has been very supportive without, in any way, feeling that he needs to get involved in the minutia on a day-to-day basis. So we sort of figured out what we're each kind of focused on at the beginning, we supported one another throughout. And I'm really going to miss him. So let me leave it at that.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The latter, and let me try to elaborate on that. We just had our Customer Advisory Board Meeting in Denver about a week and a half ago, and we had our global large customers represented there. These are household names that you've heard of, and it usually involves the head of real estate. And they basically said exactly what you just said. He said the fundamentals of our business are not great, but we are out of space. And we have kicked the can down the road and kicked the can down the road, but there's population growth, there's consumption growth. And while we don't have pricing power on the top line, we have needs for space. And we got to take out costs out of our system, and the only way we can take costs out of our system is by revamping our logistics chain. So that's one thing that makes our business a little different than the other businesses. The other factor is e-commerce. A lot of these retailers, a lot of these companies are setting up parallel distribution chains for their e-commerce divisions, and that's picking up a fair amount of new space. The part that's missing or has been missing now in terms of a demand driver was the housing market. And actually based on my reading of your stuff, you guy's maybe are even more bullish on that than we are. But certainly the housing market is turning, and that will turn on that last engine that's going to fill up our 100,000 square foot spaces. So look, all you got to do is look around you and the business environment in terms of top line growth for these companies is not strong. But the need to restructure their supply chain and to take costs out, and the fact that they delayed taking space and kicked the can down the road for the last 4 years in the face of almost 12 million more people, consumers in the U.S. than 4 years ago and similar kinds of growth in many of the other regions, probably with the exception of Europe, is what's leading to our success. And by the way, we didn't have the kind of surge coming out of the downturn that some of the other companies did. But it was primarily an earnings surge for them. It wasn't a top line search because really they were taking out their personnel cost, and that was driving their bottom line growth. So top line is anemic. We're a solution for taking out cost out of the system, and they just can't delay it anymore is what we're hearing from these guys.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And then, John, your last question was on the held for sale pool in France but as you know, we won't comment on any transaction until it happens. So once we close the transaction, we'll talk to you about cap rates in general.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The other thing I would add to that is when you look at the leasing and turnover cost in terms of term that we're leasing, the cost on a per term basis is actually down. So we're not behind occupancy at any -- from any perspective. I mean our costs are actually trending down on a per term basis.
Hamid R. Moghadam: John, this is Hamid. We actually are not that smart to manage the timing of disposition. We have a pretty robust process for determining what assets are strategic and what are not, and it started out with a sort of global regional other market exercise. And then within the global markets, we looked at trimming our portfolio. So we have a sell list of what we want to sell over the first couple of years post merger. If anything, we've actually made better progress on that than we expected to because the markets have been good for selling assets, and we've been selling more assets as we've had success in the marketplace. So we don't really try to time it with respect to, "Oh, if we sell these assets, the cap rate looks high this quarter and maybe that will hit our NAV maybe later." We're just getting it done. Obviously the assets we're selling, and we'll report on the aggregate number and see it in our supplemental, are the lower quality assets in our portfolio. We've been very explicit about that. So whatever -- the direction of cap rates in the company on the assets that remain will be going down because we're selling the high cap rate assets out the back. So you should expect that trend -- in a static cap rate world, our cap rate should go down over time because the portfolio is getting higher quality every day. And if you really want have a discussion about cap rates, we'd be happy to sit down and tell you what we think cap rates are market by market. It'd probably take too long to do it on this call. But we have very clear views on that. And I think we're responsible for if not half, probably 1/3 of the product that's being put on the market and being sold. So we kind of know what's going on in the market with respect to real estate sales. And the market is very good.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Let me give you one more thought on a way to think about dilution, which is I think your question. Basically, we know what activity we're going to do in terms of dispositions and fund formations, and we've given you ranges on the plan, and that's what we're executing. And if you put timing aside a little bit, we know what kind of debt we're going to get to, to repay preferreds and all that kind of stuff over time. And depending on the timing of those, those could be breakeven or they could be 200 kind of basis points to the bad depending on whether we're selling high-cap assets and retiring low-cost debt in a given quarter or something. But that's not where the major dilution numbers are going to come from. The major dilution number or accretion number is going to come up -- come out with how much land we monetize because the incremental return on our development pipeline is very high because the land is earning a negative return in terms of carrying cost and property taxes and all that. So the more of our land that we put into build-to-suit or our production, the quicker or the less dilution we have, and maybe we can have accretion if we put a lot of it to work. The message we hope that you take away from this call is that actually our build-to-suit business is going really, really well, and it's really picked up.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And let me just say this. We don't actually track it that way. Culturally, would be a really bad thing to do. With respect to operating statistics of our portfolio, we have the one-portfolio policy. And whether it's in funds or balance sheets, our operating people responsible for delivering that performance are judged and measured by the overall results, not what they do for the funds versus the balance sheet. So we don't even keep track of it that way, and culturally, it would be a really bad signal to keep track of it that way.
Hamid R. Moghadam: No, I think it's still light compared to -- we're going to a choppy market. There's an election. There's a fiscal cliff. Three's all the stuff that you read about in the paper, so I think people are not getting over to excuse with respect to the amount of inventory they're going to carry in the chain. Having said that, I think consumer confidence is a lot stronger than most people would've guessed given all these headwinds. So I think we'll see. I think these guys are going to have a pretty good Christmas. And we may get caught pretty short on inventory into the new year. But that's a guess. I'm not an expert. You guys know more about that stuff than I do.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Oh, margins. Margins -- look, our land bank has gone from my getting a lot of questions about, is it worth any sense [ph] of what you're carrying here to how much more than what you're carrying it is its worth. I mean clearly, a 19% margin will tell you that our land cost basis aggregate is low because normal margins shouldn't be 19%. I think normal margins should be 14%, 15% for spec products and maybe 10%, 12% for build-to-suit. And the 19% is not the most impressive number. The 19%, given the mix of build-to-suits, was actually pretty impressive, but it just means that the land may be mispriced in a different way than people think.
Hamid R. Moghadam: By 2013? I don't see it being risky. I don't -- I'm not trying to be Pollyannaish, but I don't see a whole lot of risk in executing it during the entire 10 quarter plan. I think if you're asking me what part of them will happen in the fourth quarter and what part of it will happen in the second quarter next year or first going next year, I think there's a lot of volatility around that. And I got to tell you, we've got to really be careful about those kinds of motivations not driving us to do silly deals, which we won't. So if we're all patient, take a deep breath, we'll get there and we'll get there -- we'll more than get there, I think, by the end of this plan.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay, on the fiscal cliff and all the economic headwinds, all I can tell you is what our customers are telling us and what they're telling us is that they don't have a lot of pricing power, that their top line growth is anemic, they're selling more units but not with a lot of pricing power. So their margins are under pressure, and supply chain is the key to them actually maintaining margin or slowing down its erosion. So it's not like they want to spend money on more real estate, but they kind of got to, to maintain the unit flows that they're dealing with even at lower margins. That's the essence of what we're hearing from our customers. And the second part -- spending. Oh, yes. Actually I was talking to a couple of lenders at ULI last week, and it was interesting. They are -- most of the big lenders are already operating under Basel III with respect to these capital charges, even though they're not required to be. And boy, the mass of it is very punitive on construction lending. All construction lending is recoursed. The loan-to-value ratios are 60% to 65% with recourse to the best borrowers. I mean the matches doesn't work for a private guy trying to put 35%, 40% equity into a deal to do a spec deal at a low margin. So I think it's going to be pretty tough to build a new building. In fact there was an article, I think, in the Wall Street Journal today in the Journal that the bankers are screaming and they're going for some relief to the regulators to try to loosen this up a little bit. But the way it's structured now, I don't think you're going to see supply coming on board the way it has in previous cycles, which is really good for us. Okay, that was the last question. So thank you for being here. And let me just leave you with 3 key takeaways. First we had a great quarter, and we're making excellent progress on our strategic priorities. Second, the main drivers of the recent uptick in demand are lack of construction, supply chain reconfiguration and growth in consumption, all the things we've just talked about. Third, the team and I are excited about the momentum we're taking into the fourth quarter, and we very much look forward to ending the year at a high note. Thank you for joining us, and we'll see many of you at May week.
Thomas S. Olinger: Brandon, on your question regarding how we feel about our disposition activity and cap rates, we feel good about our disposition activity. The bulk of it's in the U.S. Cap rates will likely be in the high 6s to around 7. And that lines up with what our thinking is around our entire 10 Q plan, particularly when you think about Japan assets being in the mid to low 5s. But again we feel good about our disposition activity that is before us. And as I mentioned, we've got about $1 billion in the market, 90% of that we think we're going to sell, have under contract or select a buyer by the end of this month. And on the contributions front, that's a process we're working through. But the main point there is that our funds that are taking the contributions, which is largely Europe and some of Latin America, have the vast majority of the funding. To complete those transactions, it's just a matter of timing of when those contributions happen.
Thomas S. Olinger: To Hamid's point on do we need it, I mean clearly from a user standpoint, we would not need to issue equity when we look at our development pipeline and our users from that perspective. It's clearly growing, and we're seeing a lot of opportunity. But even in the face of that growth, I don't see a need for us to raise equity because we're going to have more than ample sources from this 10 quarter plan. And our challenge actually won't be -- it's going to be finding ways to use that additional capital that's coming in that has those additional uses over and above our deployment opportunities, and over and above our debt that's maturing. So from that perspective as well, we would not need to raise equity.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, I will address a couple of those first and then Gene and Mike can help me out. So on the merger costs, we're coming in or we're forecasting $75 million approximately for the full year. On the tax benefit, the tax benefit, we realized this quarter was consistent with what we've seen in the past several years in the third quarter. As tax returns get filed and completed, there are true ups that happen. And the bulk of the true ups or the benefit is coming through really related to contributions, activity that happened in the treatment of dividends around those contributions and how you account for those. And as we true up and finalize our tax returns, those true ups surface and we clean them up. The other important aspect of that is it is noncash, but when we built up those reserves, there was a cash component to it to the extent that it might relate to interest and the like on dividends. So -- and it did go to through core FFO, and that's why it's being reflected as core FFO now. So when the reserves were built [indiscernible] core FFO, when the reserves are released, it comes back through core FFO. But the important thing here is not so much the mechanics of what happened is we don't expect these to be -- have similar such benefits going forward. We're really through set contribution period and don't see any more like that. But it is eventually cash because that's a liability that we do not need to satisfy at this point. Your next question was on cash mark-to-market. I'll ask Gene to comment on that.
Thomas S. Olinger: 9 Ross, this is Tom. I'll take the merger acquisition piece first. It's really a function of timing this quarter. It's 2 pieces. One is just as people are leaving the company, that's triggering certain merger costs. And people are winding down in Q3 as well as Q4. There's also some restructuring that we talked about last quarter that is happening in our European finance organization. That's a piece of it. And then there's some professional costs as well that are higher this quarter. And that's a little bit to do with the European finance restructuring and also the closeout. As you know, we brought PEPR in-house this quarter, and we fully -- there are some costs related to that as well.
Thomas S. Olinger: John, from a standpoint of run rate, if you look at the midpoint of our full year guidance which is $1.73, that implies we did $1.32 year-to-date. So that would imply $0.41 for Q4 to that midpoint. And it is a lower run rate than what we experienced in Q3 net of the deferred taxes. And it really is a function of the lumpiness that we're going to see regarding contributions and distributions. No, it's not -- unfortunately, it's not a straight line, and we're going to have ebbs and flows in Q3 with a lower quarter. We expect Q4 to be a much bigger quarter. And so there is some dilution in there, namely with our ability to redeploy the proceeds in the most accretive way, not just paying down the line but also being able to put it into new developments and the like and waiting for more higher interest rate debt to mature.
Thomas S. Olinger: But, Michael, I wouldn't -- we can get you that number. I wouldn't expect it to be materially different than what we reported in any meaningful way, just given the mix of assets. And particularly given the strength in U.S., I would actually expect it might be a little higher given the proportion of U.S. On merger costs, we're done at the end of 2012 with merger costs. And what's happening in relation to our regional estimate, it's really 2 things. I guess 3 -- 2 things. The first is when we originally gave that guidance, we hadn't contemplated the PEPR cost, that's one. And the second piece of it is we just have higher costs related to personnel. And it's a function of 2 things. One, more synergies, more people that we had redundant positions than we originally estimated, so that's a good thing. It clearly drove our merger savings higher, but there was a cost to that. And the second piece was the financial reorg we're doing in Europe. So those pieces would make up the majority of the delta over our original estimate. And again, timing will close that out on -- at the end of 2012. Your last question regarding straight-line rent, again, I don't have that memory, but we can break that out for you.
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure, Chris, this is Gene. Let me take that. I might kick it to Gary. The short answer is no. We are not seeing additional GI requirements or other building improvements required to get the spaces leased or to push rents. And if you look at our stats, there's a couple of things to keep in mind. You see a general uptick in capital as a percentage of NOI, but that's driven by seasonality and it's also driven by the fact that we did a ton of leasing during the quarter. So if you look -- we would expect these numbers to come back into range. And if you look at the past 4 quarters, that's a pretty good guide to what we see going forward. So you got naturally have an upward trend during the course of the year in capital.
Eugene F. Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start with answering the question. First of all, it is really, really difficult to predict this going positive or negative. So getting much more precise on that wouldn't be a very good idea. I mean the best way to look at this is, what is the trajectory of this line? And we're clearly headed to turning positive. We think that will happen next quarter. Frankly, when it does happen, it may bounce around. It may go slightly negative. But it is clearly headed in the right direction. In terms of individual markets, Southern California, South Florida, parts of New Jersey would clearly be places where we're going to have the opportunity to push rents. We have extremely high occupancies. But frankly, if you look at some of our regional markets, and you can look this up in the supplemental, we're really pushing occupancies in these markets as well. So what we see happening is a broad-based recovery in fundamentals in the Americas, and I'll let Gary speak to other geographies. And outside of the U.S., Mexico conditions are very, very tight and rents are frankly going really fast in Brazil. So rather than be precise about what happens next quarter, I think the really important thing here is what's happening with fundamentals, and what will drive a sustainable increase in rents and create an environment where we can frankly push rents really hard going forward into the next year.
Eugene F. Reilly: This is Gene. I'll start, and I think others are going to have points of view. Well port volumes are recorded, and they are picking up. And yes we're seeing that, but frankly they've also been volatile. And the other thing is when you compare what's happening with real trade that will affect demand in our buildings with, for example, what's FedEx's last commentary on their business, they are 2 different things. We have to be very careful to understand what's happening in terms of a company like FedEx in -- across all their businesses versus what will affect demand and distribution space. So as Hamid just said a moment ago, and we're seeing a lot of demand coming from reinvestment into the supply chain. And if you think about it, we've got a 0 interest rate environment. Companies have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. This is probably going to be a pretty weak earnings season. But where you invest money, it can get a very good return on investment by investing into the supply chain. And frankly for some of them, it's really their only alternative of using capital. So at this point, that's pretty meaningful.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, as we're talking about mark-to-market in terms of our rents, I think we've been saying it's pretty much right on top of market rents at the moment. And it's trending in a positive direction. Just want to say it's marginally positive.
Gary A. Anderson: Just to underscore what Gene said, I mean if you look again at the trailing 4 quarters, the trend is very, very clear, and it's undeniable. We are headed in the right direction. We have been heading in the right direction since the second quarter of 2010. And again, I think we all believe that 2003 -- 2013 in the aggregate will be positive. When you look at Europe, again we're sort of bouncing around. We're in an inflection point in Europe, and we're starting to see rent growth in certain of the global markets in certain size ranges. The global markets where we're seeing traction would be the East and West Midlands, London; in Germany would be Hamburg and Cologne. And we're seeing some traction in actually the south of France and also the south of Poland. In Asia, rents are strong throughout China. Again, we talked last month about China having 8.1% rent growth compounded per year. And they continue to trend positively. And in Japan, again we're actually seeing rent growth in the Tokyo and Osaka markets, particularly in Class A space. And that rent growth we're seeing is 4% to 6%. So again we're headed in the right direction, and we're highly confident of that for 2013.
Gary A. Anderson: And that's true of Europe and Asia. Europe's right on top of mark-to-market. Japan's under-rented and China's significantly under-rented today.
Gary A. Anderson: Okay, Ross, let me try to answer the rollover costs. We leased 39 million square feet this quarter. And if you look at our portfolio of 565 million feet or whatever it is and look at an average lease term, which today is about 5 years, that is the normal level of rollover and leasing. It should be a little under 30 million feet. So when we calculate those costs per square foot, we're dividing them by the entire portfolio. So because we're leasing 20% more space, there are going to be more leasing costs in this quarter compared to a quarter where leasing activity is actually lower not in a per square foot basis, but on a percentage of NOI basis because it's a percentage of the entire NOI. If you actually look at the trends on a per square foot of leasing, they bounce around, but they're not trending up. They were lower, then they picked up and now they're ticking lower. There's a seasonality to this because there's a lot of leasing in the fourth quarter that's month to month, and those leases virtually have no TIs. They're all on an as-is basis. So while you do get some volatility in December, but if you look at the annual numbers and compare them even though we don't have comparable numbers, it doesn't seem to us that there's anything going on.
