Gene Reilly: Did everybody write down? Well, let me take a stab at this, first maybe talking about the smaller spaces. So these are spaces where we can push rents and we're seeing pretty broad-based demand frankly across all sectors. But I think those with the smaller segment is where we can reach rent growth and I think if you look inside rent change numbers which are obviously at all-time highs that would be the highest. In terms of the composition of the demand from an industry perspective, again, that's pretty broad based. Obviously auto is weak, almost no matter where you are in the globe. But otherwise, we're still seeing pretty broad-based growth. We're seeing continued growth from the e-commerce sector and that's probably a combination of reconfiguration of the supply chain as well as net demand. So that's a start on it.
Gene Reilly: Yes, Eric. With respect to the portfolios, I mean as, Hamid mentioned, of course, we look at all these things we price them and for sure lately portfolios are selling at a -- what we consider a premium to the sum of the parts. So I think that that is true. Having said that, there is also plenty of one-off transactions and very, very good market pretty stunning metrics associated with it.
Gene Reilly: Yes, and Mike can maybe offer customer color where they want the dirt. But John, where we generally need to replace dirt is in the coastal markets where we've got a lot of development absorbed a lot of land bank. So there is a piece in LA included in that, but as we look out going forward, replacing land is very, very expensive these days. As you know, we've done a lot of work to work this land back down to what we considered a manageable level. As we replace land going forward, we're trying to do it creatively, we're trying to tie up land through options, but it's going to be more expensive. And we will see the land bank pick up a little bit, but we're going to remain very disciplined on that front as we have been.
Gene Reilly: And with respect to the customers and where they want to be two, three years ago, 80% of our land that we're doing build-to-suits and we're in -- were global markets, those numbers are closer to 95% these days.
Gene Reilly: Jamie, I'll take the first one. It's Gene. It's basically a combination of construction time frame and there is some entitlement timeframe in that as well, and which by the way can affect the projects through its construction. And as you pull secondary permits as you go forward. So it's really those two items. And of course depending on where you are geographically, there is pretty wide range of outcomes.
Tom Olinger: Craig, this is Tom. So two of your questions, one on credit quality, our credit quality continues to be exceptional. Our bad debt experience has been below 20% or 20 basis points of rent -- below 20 basis points of rent for the last six years continues this quarter. So I feel great about our credit quality and then just regarding your question on small spaces and frictional vacancy. We do have many more units in our smaller spaces. So naturally there is going to be more churn in that particularly as Gene pointed out, we are pushing rents. So you could see a higher -- a little higher frictional vacancy, but the pay-off is much higher rents. So the economics are clear to keep pushing rents.
Tom Olinger: Ki Bin, this is Tom. On your question about rent change for the quarter. We did see higher mix this quarter in the West and East region, so the coastal markets the U.S., that being said almost every region had its all-time high or near its all-time high in rent change. So we're seeing very positive rent change across the board, almost without exception. You ask about a trend, our four quarter trailing average rent change is right at 28%. This quarter, I think that's a pretty good outlook in the near term for where rent change should be. But remember, when we talk about in-place to market at being 15.5% below market, that means rents need to grow 18.3% to get to market. Right. So if you're 15% -- 15.5% under rented, you need to grow by 18.3% that's just math to get to market rents. So think about are in-place, built-in rent change of being 18.3% and think about what's rolling, near term is obviously signed further ago, so naturally our rent change would be higher in the near term. And then the last thing I'd point out is rent change. The rent change on roll of that four quarter average, we're now at 28%, that's up 600 basis points in the last year. So we've seen that number move up meaningfully and I think we can hang around there based on our in-place to market.
Tom Olinger: Yes. The second point, that's really basically mix. But having said that, you have generally seen cap rates declining frankly over the last -- well for 20 years, but over the last couple of years, cap rates have been declining and you will see some change in the returns on costs as well. In terms of the development volumes, what we are implying is a big fourth quarter about $1.2 billion, but I think that's about right on top of what we did in the fourth quarter of last year. We're highly confident that and in terms of the future beyond that we'll talk about that when we give guidance in the future.
Tom Olinger: And John, your question about the other investments, just think about those being covered land place, not land but will become land soon.
Tom Olinger: Great. Vikram on your question around the clear lease and expenses, those leases are set up where we fix all the cost for real estate taxes, the tenant bears that. And we are collecting slightly more on the expense reimbursements right now. But essentially, call it even. So we set it up that way to be expense neutral. So no impact on NOI, and to go back to next question, just on the clear lease and did that have any impact on how we're calculating rent change? It does not. That clearly, just think about it simply having a rent component and an expense reimbursement component and the rent change is calculated on the revenue, the rent component, not the expense component. So no impact.
Tom Olinger: Jamie, on your second question on the turnover costs. I -- it's a little higher this quarter. I think it's due to two things, its mix and timing. But I go back and look at what our -- what we've been on a trailing four quarters, I think that's a better representation. We have been coming down pretty clearly over the last, on a trailing four-quarter basis over the last, really three years and that makes sense. Just given concessions are falling across the board. The other thing I'd point to is look at free rent as a percent of lease value that is consistently declining again. So I think overall this quarter's mix and a little bit of timing, it's not impacting our -- we're not trying to buy rent change if that's the question.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I think both statements can be true at the same time. FedEx cares more about flows and obviously those become very volatile when its trade wars one day and no trade wars the next day. And they have a very fixed cost basis infrastructure planes and trucks and all that. So erratic volume cannot be good for them because they either miss the peaks or can handle -- either, they can't handle the peaks or have too much capacity for the troughs. We are in the stock business. So actually uncertainty in the short-term is extra demand for our space, because when you don't know when that mix good is going to get to you, because the tariffs are at what cost, you're going to carry more inventory and more stock closer to the customers. So I think FedEx is right as far as the metrics for their business are concerned, and I think the metrics for our business are just different.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the rents and the economics turned out better than our expectations. It took a little bit longer to lease up, but it leased up at higher rents and the reason it took a bit longer to lease up is that nobody ever seen a multistory building before, so they wanted to look at it, lay out a lot of different configurations and make sure they could get the efficiencies out of it. So we couldn't be more pleased with the quality of the tenants or the financial performance of the asset. With respect to its implications, look I -- for some reason this building has gotten a lot of attention and people think that there is a multistory strategy. There is no multistory strategy. The strategy is to provide space at places where our customers want to, which is increasingly close to their ultimate customers. The solution in some places, it's multistory and in other places is single story. So we're not in the business of building so many multistory buildings, we are in the business of growing our infill position.
Hamid Moghadam: Vikram, you can assume that we look at everything. People know our phone number and they know we are -- what business we're in. So we absolutely, positively have never thought of a material transaction that we haven't seen. So you can assume we look at everything. I think the implications are you're going to have to ask Blackstone, but obviously they bought that portfolio and presumably, they paid the pretty good price to get it and presumably, they sold it to these guys two months that presumably paid a really good price to get it. That was attractive enough for Blackstone to sell it. So I can't be any more specific than that, because I'm not in Blackstone's decision making rooms, but those would be -- those assumptions would be probably pretty fair.
Hamid Moghadam: Hey, Jamie, Hamid here, I think there is a lot of confusion about supply numbers. People mix supply which is annual concept with what's under construction, which is a snapshot that they've given point in time. So let me have Chris take you through those numbers because they are materially different as construction duration has lengthened.
Hamid Moghadam: So basically if you had the same level of supply, the same level of property under construction, you would have two-thirds the annual supply if the trends of the recent past continue. So those two concepts need to be really kept apart.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The sources are pretty much from everywhere. I would say the U.S. pension funds are probably a flat to down compared to their call it 10-year type numbers, but Japan is up significantly. Generally Asia is up significantly as these large institutions, sort of the pension system gets active on alternative investments. So it's everywhere. On the margin, I would say U.S. is a little less and Asia a little bit more. With respect to the threats to that, it's the same old threat that we've seen in every cycle. It's the denominator effect. If these guys are generally at today's investment levels under allocated to real estate and alternatives generally, and really under allocated to industrial because it's a tough property type to access. But if the stock market goes down and the bond market goes down and the rest of the portfolio goes down, the same percentage allocation to real estate will have to go down and that's usually been the cause of reductions in the capital flows.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I'll let Tom answer the second part. I think there are three things that drive the share of the economics to drive the share of the e-commerce in our portfolio and for the space devoted to it. Number one is, penetration increasing, penetration of e-commerce as a percentage of total sales, retail sales. That number is going up every year. And I think it will go up for the foreseeable future as more categories become e-commerce friendly. And as you know the millennials, I guess they are non-millennials, the generation, the years, could grow up with an iPhone start entering their prime shopping years. So the iPhone, I think is 11 years old and 12 year olds who are now graduating from college or 11 year olds who are graduating from college basically have never known the world without an iPhone in e-commerce. So I think as those guys enter the population to spending part of the population, I think the percentage will go up. And then there is the old 3X factor of space that e-commerce takes which are well on top of the gaining share of e-commerce and underlying retail growth which is probably the slowest of the three factors, maybe 2% type of thing. All those three factors combined should make for a really good environment for e-commerce demand over time. Now I don't -- the real strategic question is, how does automation affect the 3X factor? It -- does it reduce it, does it expand it? The answer on that is unclear at the moment and in certain instances, the increase, the need for real estate and in certain cases it reduces the need for real estate, but one area that for sure over time, we'll get more efficient is the returns business. And returns are really caused by free shipping and free returns and all that sort of thing. And over time I think fit and issues like that will get better, so I would guess that part of the demand in warehouse space will go down. Anyway the biggest, biggest strategic driver of all this, long-term secular driver of all this, is the need for speed and choice. Because the more choices you want and the quicker you want them the more inventory, you need to position near the customers. So, that's all really good for our business.
Hamid Moghadam: Eric, let me jump in the middle of that before Gene starts on the first part. The most important thing with respect to rent growth is location in terms of macro market and the micro sub-market. By far, more important than tenant size and all the stuff we talked about before, so you're spot on that one. And those were the scarcest properties. Gene, do you want to answer it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes and this reminds me of a previous question that something I answered which is what's our attitude toward spec development, and I would say the bar on spec development has been high and continues to be pretty high, and you can see the results of that in the build-to-suit percentage being a lot higher.
Hamid Moghadam: So, this is not Tom, but I'll answer your question. The retention ratio you're dealing with tenants that are already in this space. And today, labor, is a huge issue for people. And every time they move, they have to go higher bunch of people, because now the workers have choice and they're not going to change their commuting patterns, etc, etc. So customers that are in existing space have a much higher propensity to stay regardless of almost rent, which is an afterthought for a lot of them. So where you see the effect, the primary effect of pushing rents is on capture of new leasing in the developments, that's where you're likely to see at the most. And that of course doesn't affect the retention numbers that we report.
Hamid Moghadam: It's been our stated objective to do this for previous quarters, but they are these messy things called human beings and people feel that there have been need to change their mindset, and that took a couple of years to really get that going. We track why we lose tenants, when we don't renew somebody and we track them for a long, long time. And I'm not kidding you. But there were years that we had literally zero tenants leaving because of rent on renewals, literally. So that number is no longer zero, but it's a lot lower than I think it should be or I would have expected it to be.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. By the way the on the duration of construction it depends on where. In Japan, they will be, they were 16 months. And I don't know what they are today, but it takes longer to build the multi-story building. But let's focus just on a single story U.S. style warehouse and Chris as the numbers for you.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the one that I would point out as being more at risk today than last quarter, even though it was on the list is Houston. There is a lot of space under construction in Houston. And I think some people are going to get surprised. Now and some of it is not in the best sub-markets. So some of the outlying sub-markets in Houston you need to watch. Fortunately, we are not exposed to the sub-markets.
Hamid Moghadam: Our biggest needs for land, I would say are Southern California -- we're good in Seattle, good in the Bay Area. Southern California, we need more land. Chicago, we need more land, and I would say in New Jersey we need more land for sure. Those are the top three that I would call out.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Those are actually yielding, probably pretty close to the local market cap rate maybe a tad below maybe 20-25 basis points below, but they're basically current land place.
Hamid Moghadam: You know, I'll compare to five or 10 years ago or 15 years ago, I mean, that number would have been 20%-25%. So I think the tightness of the markets is forcing the build-to-suit percentage up.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me start that and Gene jump in if you'd like. I think the quality, the pricing for quality differences is getting compressed, in other words, cap rates for a lower quality, lower growth assets are compressing high quality assets and location. And that always happens in this part of the cycle. People are really anxious to get into this asset class. And if it's industrial, it's industrial and they become less discriminating over time. Also if you're a leveraged buyer to the end you're really looking at locking in the cost of capital, debt capital today and you employ a lot of it. Obviously this is a really good environment for you're buying things and financing them. With respect to the way we look at our unleveraged [WACC] our cost of capital, I would say, we look at that every quarter or so, and we occasionally and only in a very limited way have dropped our requirements. I would say for a U.S. high-quality portfolio probably a 6 IRR would be the right number today, very high quality portfolio for us. And, you know, take it up from there but unfortunately some stuff in the marketplace even for low quality assets is getting priced to tighter than that. Now a 6 IRR in a 1.6% or 1.7% 10-year environment is pretty attractive. I mean those are some of the wider spreads, I've seen in my career. And so, yes, then our absolute numbers sound low but would in relation to cost of capital or debt capital they are actually pretty attractive.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I just want to clarify something Tom said. We actually don't collect reimbursements, That's why it's a clear lease. But we do track what it would have been under a triple net lease. And actually for the last 1.5 year or two years that we've been implementing this, the numbers have been remarkably on top of one another and that's the advantage of having an 800-million square foot portfolio to spread this stuff around.
Hamid Moghadam: We are pushing -- remember the part that I said that we -- in the year as we had zero people that we were losing as part of the renewal discussion that number is not zero, but it's not as high as I would like it to be. You're also talking about occupancy declines from 98%, and I've been doing this for 37 years, there was only one year where we were in the 98% range. And I said guys don't get used to this. We're going to push this number down. So I think we were very clear on what our strategy was. And I would say it was executed as exactly the way we described it.
Hamid Moghadam: We've also had kind of weird weather patterns that I think most of you have noticed that definitely methods quick construction schedules.
Hamid Moghadam: On the big data we are, as I mentioned to tackling one very specific project which is yield management. And I would say that's going really well. We're piloting in four markets, and we'll be expanding that to the portfolio, and we are encouraged by the early results. I don't know, Chris may have more to say about that. Gary, you want to talk about the other initiatives.
Hamid Moghadam: I think Steve you were the last person. So thank you all for your interest in the Company and I want to put in a big plug for our Analyst Day, which is coming up and that's why we saved all the good guidance for that date and encourage you to come. Take care.
Chris Caton: Yes, absolutely. Jamie, let's talk about three concepts. First, completion. Completion is actually are on pace to be down this year by about 8%. When we look at a more real-time indicator like starts, starts are flat this year. Now as Hamid mentioned, duration to build projects has gone up and so we've seen under construction rise, that time to deliver product has gone up by about a third in this cycle for all the challenges around supply that we've previously discussed. And so deliveries out of that pipeline now are much less than kind of 100% in a given following four quarters. So you got to look at the time to deliver product to understand what deliveries will be in the following four quarters.
Chris Caton: Yes. Hey, Steve its going from eight to nine months to something more than a year, call it, call it 13-14 months. What I think we will see is that deliveries over the next four quarters, can be roughly 75% of the under construction pipeline, that's how we see the numbers coming together. As it relates to market, we talked about how we -- on the last call how we haven't added any markets to our supply risk list, that's remains the case today and in fact markets like Chicago comes off that list this quarter. So...
Chris Caton: Yes. Osaka is a market that came off. And then on that list included Atlanta, Pennsylvania, Houston, Spain and the Midlands was covered in Tom's script.
Mike Curless: This is Mike Curless. We did have a robust quarter at almost two-thirds build-to-suits. If you look across the year that's blending in the high '30s and I would expect in our numbers to be in the low '40s as we look forward. I think this was an unusually high quarter but directionally indicative of how important the build-to-suit part of the business is to us these days.
Mike Curless: Yes. Hey, as it relates to rent growth. A couple of ways to look at that, one is we continue to see that divergence between in-fill and non-infill as Hamid was discussing earlier in terms of sub-market strategy. As it relates to markets, we've seen better outperformance in the East in New York and in Toronto for example, and we continue to see really good growth in Europe, much like we telegraphed last year and the year before. And what you see there is some of the early recovery markets continuing to outperform whether that's Germany or the Netherlands or Czech Republic, and some late recovery markets really starting to pop rents comes to mind. So that's how the rents are trending.
Mike Curless: Yes. I would say that that business today if you isolate it would be pennies a share of incremental earnings. I think in two to three years, it will be dimes, and we're hoping that it's potential is more than $1. So, but that is going to take us a while to get to. So don't put in the dollar, don't put in the [indiscernible]. Put in a couple of pennies that we're talking about right now, we're doing better than that actually. But it's a slow ramp, nobody has done this before. So, we need to educate ourselves and our customers and a lot of other people to get this done.
