Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, and good morning everyone. 2016 is off to a great start. The momentum we had at the end of last year has continued into the New Year. We posted record first quarter numbers on rent change, which was stronger than expected at over 20%, and core FFO which grew 24% year-over-year. At this point in the cycle, we're pushing rent growth over occupancy. Nevertheless occupancy is still very high at over 96%. These and other metrics which Tom will discuss in a moment point to continued growth ahead for Prologis. I'd like to take a moment to elaborate on how and where we make our money. Many of you already know this but I believe it's worth repeating. We make over 90% of our core FFO by collecting rents. The rest is generated by fees and promotes from our strategic capital business. Together rents and fees represent a stable cash flow created from our operating portfolio. Separately, the value creation from our development business, including value added conversions, propels our future earnings growth. So our operating and development activities address how we make money. Now as to where we make our money when collecting rents 72% is in the U.S. and 28% comes from abroad, roughly 90% of our net equities in U.S. dollars. Many ask us why we're global. In short, we are global because our customers are global and so we've organized our business to capitalize on this unique aspect of our sector. About two-thirds of our development value creation fees and promotes are generated outside the U.S. As an aside these benefits actually cover more than a 100% of our global overhead. I view Prologis as an owner/operator in the U.S. and a fund manager and developer in Europe and Asia. We have minimal exposure to emerging economies. Market conditions remain favorable under world's most vibrant centers of commerce. In these strategic locations, demand was solid with supply still very disciplined. These business conditions have persisted for several years now. While we anticipate supply/demand reaching equilibrium this year, we see few obstacles on the road ahead that could disrupt that balance. In the U.S. quality properties remains scare which is leading to strong rent growth and high occupancies. We will continue to signal watch list markets. In this quarter we have no new markets to call out. In Europe and Asia, rents are up modestly from last quarter, balanced by slightly lower occupancies. In Mexico, rents were up slightly, and occupancies flat, while in Brazil rents are down modestly, but occupancy is at a 100%. The key drivers of our business consumption and e-commerce continue to grow faster than underlying economies. We have every reason to expect these trends to continue into the future. KCR is all paid off. Our funding activities, specifically the short-term loan associated with that deal concluded less than one year after it was announced and ahead of schedule. With the transaction paid in full, and the portfolio integrated, today's call is probably the last time you will hear us talk about KCR. We have capacity to fund more than five years of capital deployment. At our current run rate, our total annual funding requirement is $600 million. We expect to fund this through the rebalancing of our co-investment ventures, reducing our land bank, and selling our remaining non-strategic assets. These one-time sources total more than $3.5 billion and give us the ability to fund more than five years of net deployment activity. We will further simply our business overtime. Over the last several years we made great strides in optimizing our business to put us on a path for long-term sustained earnings growth. In addition look for us to continue to streamline our business through the ongoing realignment of our portfolio, further G&A efficiencies, land bank optimization, and reduced leverage. Now, let me turn it over to Tom, for further comments.
Hamid Moghadam: Steve, I think the risk is to the upside because pretty much everything that we're likely to do we know about. So by definition if some build-to-suit left in the door or something happens is going to be on the upside because pretty much everything is baked. The other thing I would comment on generally development start volume is that we're basically doing the same or a little bit more than last year except for Brazil. So obvious reasons, we're not developing a whole lot of new products in Brazil. So I think people have gotten too excited in terms of our guidance being a little bit down on development starts, I don't think you can read that much into that anyway.
Hamid Moghadam: Ross, that's a very good question and I think the answer is too soon to know for sure but it appears that that secular decline in inventory to sales ratio that all of you are used to seeing in our materials going back I don't know 15 years or something really has reversed in the last three years, and there are lots of explanations for it, but the most credible one I think is the one that as more sales shift to e-commerce, there are more skews, and there is the need to keep more inventory around and as a result there may be a secular shift. If that's the case, that's a unexpected windfall to demand for industrial space. We have not built our business with that expectation but that will be a nice surprise if it happens and if it has legs forever. So too soon to tell for sure but I think the early signs are really good.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, I'm not going to sit here and say that we will never do equity if the stock price is about 60 bucks or 70 bucks, it's something like that. It would be foolish not to do that because that clearly would be higher than our NAV. But our view over NAV we've been pretty open about it, 46, 47 bucks a share that doesn't really include a value for development business and I guess there is a long debate as to whether that business is worth a one multiple or a 10 multiple. I can tell you it's not worth the 15 or 20 multiple that people were valuing it at 2007 that's for sure, but it's worth something, it's worth at least the homebuilder. I think it’s worth $3 to $5 a share pretty easily if you look at it as a homebuilder. So you add of all that stuff the number is around high 40s to low 50s kind of for the way I look at by at our NAV. So I don't even think about it. So I don't think the equation has changed between $40 and $45 because we're still way below where I think the value of the company is? But, you got to look at equity in the context of other investment opportunities. If some portfolio comes up on the market or I don't think this is going to happen, but if something happens where we have an advantage to buy $45 of NAV at $20, we may take advantage of that. But I don’t think that's going to happen and we are not an issuer of equity and I think it is a complete waste of time for people to spend energy thinking about that issue at these kinds of numbers.
Hamid Moghadam: I think land values in terms of good developable land that's near-term developable has gone up, as rents have gone up. And it's very hard to find good land in the right markets, entitlement costs are going up, infrastructure costs are going up, communities are getting tougher on land, so general trend in land values has been up. I would say among our many, many parcels every quarter we value our land, using a land residual analysis and I would say by and large the trend has been up there are -- I would say three or four parcels add up a very large number may be down but the general trend is up, but it's not up as much as it would have been a year ago or two years ago, the pace of land value growth has, has moderated. The other thing I would point out is that, yes our land bank is about $1.5 billion book value, $1.4 billion book value, but the market value that in our view again based on pretty robust analysis is approaching to may be in the low $2 billion rank. So in terms of what we can work our land bank down is not $0.5 billion down to $1 billion it's like $1 billion down to $1 billion in terms of market value because the market value of land is what we -- we're targeting for. So we've got quite a bit of liquidity that could come out of the land bank to add to that $3.5 billion that we've talked about.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, Eric, I will start with that. Well obviously Houston and Pennsylvania are two markets that we've called out as markets we're concerned about. Houston pretty obvious reasons why and Pennsylvania is sort of a combination of a spike in supply and demand tailing off. But I wouldn’t draw any conclusions Eric about the specific adjustments in vacancy in those markets but I think that's going to continue for a long time. I think in both cases, we’re going to end up in the sort of mid-90s. But let me say a couple of other things about both of them. So Houston has been on our watch list, vacancy was up a little bit over the quarter and it has 8 million square feet on construction. We're defensive there and I think we've been saying that for a while. While the macro headwind obviously persist, we're almost 96% leased, the pipe is 50% pre-leased and there is still a 6% vacancy rate in Houston and Houston isn't creating a lot of jobs but it's net positive, not negative at this point in time. And then in terms of Pennsylvania, probably we're a little more cautious in terms of Pennsylvania at this point in time. To your point on e-commerce trends, Eric, we don't see any new trends coming out of this prior season. I think that that everybody participating in this space is still that's really trying to figure out the supply chain both the last mile which everybody is talking about these days, all the way to the origin of the product because different participants handle it differently. So, we don't really have anything new for you right now. I don't know Gary if you see anything different in your opinion.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say the best way of answering that question is how we're doing compared to our underwriting and we are literally within a point or two and I think we are point or two ahead consistent with our underwriting. So no I wouldn't say our expectations have changed.
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, my pick on economies and now I'm really out of my depth of expertise here, but seems to me that the U.S. economy is sort of a mid-to-high 2% grower minus energy. So that means it's 1.5% to 2% grower, and so the trends that affect our business remember energy doesn't goes through pipeline, it doesn't go through warehouses. The energy pricing generally being lower has led to better consumption numbers and more of that consumption is shifting to the e-commerce channel which is more space intensive. So those two things have made demand for our product better than they would have been based on the overall economic numbers. On top of that, well this issue that I talked about earlier which is the inventory to sales ratio is trending up, which may be a third factor or you may look at it as part of the second factor which is e-commerce I don't know, what are those two? So there are either two or three factors that are making the -- our demand drivers for our business better than the underlying economy. That's my take of it, I don't know for sure but we will see but that's what I think is going on.
Hamid Moghadam: Again maybe I can clarify on the issue here. We're not selling bad assets in bad markets or anything like that. We're just selling at this point; we're down to virtually all of our assets being in our targeted markets. We're just calling the older assets in those target markets. So we're not selling assets in tertiary markets or whatever, we really been onus in tertiary markets to start with. So the spread widening that you're talking about really doesn't sound effective Prologis portfolio and hasn't even in last couple of years.
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, I would just point out one more, two things. One our payout ratio this year including all the gains will be about 70% payout ratio. If you want to back out all the gains which is not the right run rate but just to stress it that would be about 85% payout ratio.
Hamid Moghadam: Great. Since that was the last question, let me thank all of you for your interest in the company and look forward to seeing you next quarter. Take care.
Tom Olinger: Juan, this is Tom, I will start. The decline -- the benefit we got from the lower occupancy expenses in Q1 this year was really a function of Q1 of '15 being higher than normal. So if you go back and look at the increase if Q1 of '15 I think it was around 7%. We had some one-time trueups going on in there some other non-recurring items and that's really what's driving the benefit, we saw this quarter or the decrease this quarter. Going forward, the remainder of year, I wouldn't expect really any meaningful change in operating expenses from this run rate, in any meaningful way.
Tom Olinger: Yes, let's start in Europe; cap rates are generally flat for the last couple of quarters. Our expectation there though is you could see another 15 to 30 basis points this year, trends are good. For the first time, we are viewing Europe as a potential tailwind. To the company, the outlook when you're looking at market vacancies as a whole is that vacancies not occupancies, is vacancies will drop 60 basis points. So we will be somewhere around market vacancies about 5.8% which is nearing sort of U.S. levels. So we expect Europe to perform well on a go-forward basis. And in Asia, the market there I think are performing well. Japan is sitting there at about 96.3% occupied and we're seeing good net absorption. So Japan is performing well. China is a business that I think some have concern of it, it's a small business for us but one that again is performing pretty well. We're about 92% occupied in our overall portfolio, but if you look at the supplemental, you will see that there is a leased to occupied about 200 basis points. So you should expect the occupancies in China to trend up. The other comment I make about China is that we've done about 2 million square feet of development leasing this quarter, which is about 30% of the total leasing for the quarter for the company. So it's performing pretty well. So net-net I would say that the international markets are performing to expectation and will become a tailwind.
Tom Olinger: So on the same-store as far as where we're seeing strength and Gene should weigh in here, it's -- I think you would clearly look at the coastal markets is where you’re going to see the significant amount of rent change that drove same-store growth and I think as we look to the balance of the year, our rent change on roll looks really, really good and may be Gene can comment on that aspect.
Tom Olinger: And in terms of buyer interest, the institutional interest is definitely there particularly in light of where we’re selling and what we’re selling, so healthy activity in that segment.
Tom Olinger: Hi, Brad, it’s Tom. So I'll take those questions. First on LTV you’re right, LTV you would have appeared didn't decline enough based on our activity for the quarter and what’s happening is it's really a function of the weakening of the dollar and the strengthening of the Yen and the Euro and there is a denominator effect that I'll explain. So, when you think about half of our debt in Yen and Euro but only about 25% of our assets are. So when the Yen and Euro increase against that liability, that debt that increase took our debt levels up in U.S. dollar terms by about $300 million. But we didn't have the same $300 million increase in our denominator because only 25% of our assets are in Euro and Yen. So there is a denominator effect and that impacted leverage by about 70 basis points this quarter. So you really economically, we had about 100 basis points decline this quarter little over actually but that’s FX noise. On your point about deployment proceeds for the rest of the year and how we’re going to use that $1 billion of cash, we’re going to look at our debt stacks and we’re going to determine if there is debt where we can economically or frictionlessly pay that off. We do have a multi-currency term loan that’s out there, that matures in a couple of years that would fit that bill. We always looked at bond maturities to see if there is economically it makes sense to do that or we'll sit on cash. But I would tell you when you look at our guidance, either the debt that we have to pay off is extremely low rate debt, so it doesn’t have a significant impact on our results for the rest of the year.
Tom Olinger: No, yes, actually it would be up because I think since the development volume is actually coming down a little bit, there will be less capitalized into development over time. The total level of G&A is flat and therefore G&A as a percentage of AUM is coming down. That reclassification doesn't have anything to do with that. We’re looking at total G&A. And the capitalized portion is actually coming down too as the volumes come down.
Tom Olinger: Eric, first of all we haven’t increased our disposition guidance. But relative to the spreads we certainly haven’t seen an increase. And I think the pricing that we’re seeing in those markets relative to what we’re selling we're very comfortable with and optimistic of our ability to execute at those numbers.
Tom Olinger: I think the way to think, the way I think about it is that we think about the recurring AFFO as the driver of our dividends and we work really hard to manage the impact of the lumpy part of AFFO that comes from dispositions through a variety of mechanisms like 10/31s and all kinds of things. So but we never think about those things in terms of the dividend structure.
Tom Olinger: Yes, to the second part of the question, this is really related to the lease term because the 6.7% of the aggregate value of the lease which is obviously influenced by the term to give you some perspective on that. In the Americas, our average term has grown over the last five quarters from 42 months to just under 56. So, we’ve been really pushing term and I think we’ve talked about this on some prior calls as a company overall it's about 10 months. It is pretty dramatic increase, so that's what drives the number. But the same-store let me give you some color on what we see going through the year. So this is driven by the Americas in part because of the health of the market and in part because of the structure of our leases. But we're just under 24% during the quarter. We're not going to sustain that through the year. This is a volatile stat by quarter because it’s just the piece of the portfolio. But we’ll be close to 20% for the year by judging this. So we’re going to be really, really strong on the stat, but there's a little bit of an outlier.
