Chris Caton: Hey, Caitlin. It's Chris Caton. I'll start by saying I think it's a combination of factors. For sure, as Tim described, Southern California and a handful of other high rent markets, the leasing velocity has been subdued and rent growth has been a little bit below expectations. So there is that softness. But we also want to point to a couple of quarters of deferred decision making leading aggregate customer demand across the United States to be a little bit below what we previously expected. The other thing I might add, Caitlin, would be just nominally in the sense of dollars and the impact in same store. We do see about half of our adjustments as coming from SoCal.
Chris Caton: Hi, Michael. Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. As we've kind of covered in the script, and I think we are pointing out here, whether it's consumer resilience as revealed by economic indicators like the labor metrics or retail sales, whether you look at our own customers and supply chain momentum as revealed by our RBI volumes through the ports and our proposal volumes. The broader economy is generating a normal amount of demand. A couple of things to consider though. One is as you can see in utilization data and in sublease space, some customers have spare capacity that they are utilizing to accommodate some of this growth. We also have these leading indicators. We needed to simply see customers convert space requirements into signed leases. So just the simple conversion of investigation into signed leasing. And indeed, we already are seeing the front edge of some leading global e-commerce companies and other retailers begin to make space. It's just not broadly yet occurring across the whole marketplace.
Chris Caton: Hey, Blaine, it's Chris Caton. Thanks for the question. So Southern California is a market that continues to soften, vacancy rates are continuing to rise, yes, after different submarkets. The softest area of Southern California is midsized and smaller units in the Inland Empire. The strongest area is probably Orange County. And Los Angeles, while subdued, has a 4% market vacancy rate, so as demand comes into that marketplace, bear in mind, demand has been negative over the last year, a very rare occurrence, as demand comes back in that marketplace, you're likely to see the vacancy rate make a difference in Los Angeles as well. In terms of other markets where we're watchful, the soft markets in the US include New Jersey, Seattle and Savannah.
Chris Caton: Hi, Vince. It's Chris Caton here. So first, in terms of strength, there is a wide range. And speaking of the benefits of diversity, the strongest markets in the world include Mexico, Texas, parts of the Southeast US, Pennsylvania, but also looking out to the Netherlands, Germany and Brazil, Toronto as well, as a strong market. You also have stable markets, Chicago, Southern Florida, Baltimore, D.C. And then really at Southern California alone is really the main weak market. So that would be the range. In terms of size categories, what you see -- what you hear in the marketplace in terms of tours and, in fact, some leases that are getting made, is there's a bit more activity, particularly among self-performing e-com and retailers at the larger end of the spectrum. That would be the main, I'd say, new news in the last 90 days.
Chris Caton: Hey, Jon, it's Chris Caton. First on Baltimore, you're right. The container traffic there is typically 50,000 TEUs a month. The time horizon of necessary diversions is not thought to be more than a couple of months. By comparison, New York, New Jersey is a 300,000, 350,000 TEU port. And a lot of these diversions have gone to Norfolk. So you've seen some leasing in Norfolk. It's not a market where we operate. So no, there are not knock-on effects. As it relates to Southern California versus the East Coast, the SoCal market remains fluid, and I believe -- we believe it will underperform. This is a six-month, 12-month view. Naturally, New Jersey has a completely different set of factors as it relates to rent growth that it's experienced over the last several years in terms of the level of demand that we see in that marketplace as well as sublease trends. Now it's not the moment to get bullish on New Jersey. Let's see the port agreement, the IOI port agreement get made. But over time, both will be very strong performers after this period of fluidity and uncertainty.
Chris Caton: Yes. As it relates to market vacancies, we look at vacancies, not availabilities. Availability is a range between 150 and 250 basis points above these figures, depending on the cycle. We have vacancies peaking in the mid-6s later this year. So that's up about 20, 30 basis points versus what we discussed last year. I think what's important to understand in the cycle is the recovery potential in 2025 related to each of the constituent pieces. Hamid walked you through the demand picture. But what's important to recognize is the supply picture. That was a big factor over the last year, 18 months. And the meaningful falloff in supply is marked. It's off 80% from peak. It's off about 1/3 from pre-COVID levels. So we're talking about 35 million square feet of starts in the first quarter. That annualizes to about 160 million, 170 million square feet. So you're going to actually see this snap later this year and into next year, and those vacancy rates moving noticeably down, likely to move noticeably down from mid-6s towards 5% over the course of next year.
Chris Caton: And then just on the detailed question on what's happening in market rent growth in the first quarter. Southern California, down 6%, and US down about 1%, 1.2%. So when you multiply it through, you can see all other markets are flat.
Chris Caton: As it relates to the contours, I think I'd first point you to the market color that was given earlier as illustrating the shape of the recovery going forward. As it pertains to different size categories, there is more vacancy and more availability in the over 500,000 category, but that's also where, in the last 90 days, we've seen a little bit of a pickup. So I think we'll see size categories advancing at a similar pace over the course of the year, and there'll be real differentiation across the different markets.
Tim Arndt: Steve, let me take a stab at that. If you are sensing any acute change in our outlook, you're not reading our call correctly. We have picked a three-year window, I think, in our Analyst Day to give you our expectations. And the first year of that window has moved around. So our outlook for the back period of second and third year essentially the same and could be even better given how much deferred demand is building up. If our proposals were down, if our tours were down, I would be more concerned. But companies are out looking at this space. And if you think nothing has changed in the last 45 or 90 days with respect to the Fed outlook, you must be reading different newspapers than I am. So I would tell you that people are just scared of pulling the trigger until the Fed gives the all clear sign with the first rate cut. So, yes, we are not instantaneous in our data transmission to us and to you, but I can assure you that you will always hear our views immediately as we form them and as we get them from the marketplace.
Tim Arndt: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that is that the effect is not uniform in all markets. And I think what's going on -- and this is a theory. This is not a fact. It's a theory, but it's based on 40 years of looking at this stuff. Southern California has over 30% share for 3PLs and the rest of the US market has a little under 20% share of 3PLs. 3PLs are serve two purposes. One, they provide outsourcing of for logistic activities, but they also create surge space. In other words, companies use 3PLs as a way of flexing up and down. So markets that have a bigger exposure to 3PLs are likely to feel the impacts of shifts in sentiment sooner than other markets on the way down and on the way up. Also, there are certain customers who have instantaneous access to sales data and activity. And I would say the e-commerce players, the big ones, have the best data on that, because they see the trends on a daily minute-by-minute basis. Those guys were early in terms of curtailing their demand. And I got to tell you, they're out there pretty aggressively and don't listen to what we say, listen to what they say in their own annual reports, in their own interviews with the press. And I think you'll see that they feel pretty confident about their business and they're a bit ahead of the curve. Now, all of this is subject to missiles not flying in the Middle East and the Fed not going crazy and God knows what else can happen in this world. So but as far as we see, the indications are really good. And this certainly does not feel like any of the other downturns that I've been part of. So again the word huge sounds a little bit of an overreaction to me.
Tim Arndt: And Camille, it's Tim, I might build on your first -- the first part of your question as well, which is that at prevailing cap rates and the cost of debt and everything else, there's very little you could actually do in deployment in the year to affect earnings in year one or two. I find that deployment changes tend to have kind of a push effect on earnings. So you should probably have that in your thinking as you watch our guidance.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Ki Bin, it's Tim. I'll take the front half of your question just on free rent. We have seen an increase in free rent. I think what's important to remember there is we've had exceedingly low amounts of free rent granted in the last few years. And I would say the current rates that we've seen in this last quarter, and what we're bracing forward this year, would still not really be on par with long-term averages. I would say that concession is not fully back to normal. But it is turning up logically in this environment.
Tim Arndt: And John, I might just add, I guess, the way you're putting the equation together, it is what we see that, yes, the rate environment causes this consternation. But as Chris has been highlighting in a number of his answers, as we look at where utilization sits and some of the capacity that's available, it's just the first place that customers can look in terms of finding a way to continue to operate in the short term. That would ostensibly end, and we'll watch for that as utilization rises, and that's what would add to new demand.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Vikram, it's Tim. We're not calling anything on '25 and '26. In my prepared remarks -- or maybe I should say, I think our view would be that our views are upheld. And what I tried to highlight in the opening remarks is that if we get to a little bit lower average occupancy this year, recognizing that our three-year forecast called for a more normalized level of occupancy in the end anyway, that's where this concept of, well, maybe the adjustment to same-store from an occupancy change is coming a bit more this year than it would otherwise next year. But right now, we would hold out our view for '25 and '26 in terms of aggregate NOI and same store. Now rent change in this very immediate term, I'm sorry, market rent growth is a little bit below expectations. That will have some effect, but that will be relatively muted through same-store over the period.
Tim Arndt: Well, this is Tim. I'll give it to you in this way. And this might help some of the folks who have struggled looking at the supplemental and some of the stats there, and our messaging. Because what you don't see in the supplemental would be things like, well, how much lease signing occurred in the first quarter. And that was down. Even though you see strong occupancy, that's on commencements, signings were off about 12% in the first quarter. So that's down. You can see that when you look through our pages in our leasing versus occupied statistic where there's only about a 10 basis point difference in those versus a more historical norm of 40 to 50 basis points. So those are the pieces a little bit underneath the surface that are guiding our view that the pre-leasing that we're normally looking for at this point, which is ranging four to six months ahead of commencements is shy and why we think the average occupancy is ultimately going to be lower.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Todd, it's Tim. Yes. On rent change, so as mentioned, we had 67% start in the quarter. The signings were 70. So you do get a sense that it can move up and down each quarter. You may also recall, we had very strong rent change on signings in Q4, which may leave you wondering why didn't that show up here in Q1 on the commencements? And that's speaking to just how long this pre-leasing period can be. It can be more than just three months. And for that reason, I expect we'll probably see rent change right now, my view would be it's going to be above Q1, in Q2, and then also higher on the full year, in the low to mid-70s, over 2024 is our current view.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, on capital deployment specifically, you may remember that I'm always saying the only reason we provide guidance is because you ask us. We actually don't have a budget or a plan for deploying capital. We look at every investment opportunity one at a time. So all our elements of our guidance. And this doesn't go for just this period. It goes for any period. I would take that one with a grain of salt. We are not afraid to deploy a lot more or a lot less capital if the market conditions warrant it. With respect to conservatism, I would say, we call it as close to the pin as we can get it with a very slight bit of conservative. Not a lot, just a bit. So that, in the majority of the cases, we are pretty confident of what we are saying, but we are not 100% confident. There could be downside beyond that. But I would say we try to call it as we see it and be careful that we don't -- we don't want to disappoint 50% of the time, which is really calling it right on the pin. We'd like to be a little more conservative than that. Now, we don't always get it right. So let's admit that.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. And the only thing I would add to that is that even though we made the adjustment on both the built-to-suit and the spec part, the bias is greater on the spec part. We actually feel pretty good about our built-to-suit volume going forward. So it's really the spec which is discretionary, and we can, as Dan said, write that at any time.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The other thing I would say about Southern California is that don't discount the effect of the port labor issue that was resolved. That took longer, a lot longer than most people thought. And that affects a lot of the people -- a lot of the users in the South Bay immediately adjacent to the ports and the like. So that market can get tight real quick if that port volume comes back. I think that the small to medium spaces in the Inland Empire are kind of a mismatch. They're, by and large, the older buildings that were built there when the market was not really designed for the big 500,000 million square foot buildings. And those are -- somebody who wants a lot of space has to go to the Inland Empire. Somebody who wants 100,000 to 200,000 feet has more choices. So that's where the softness is in the Inland Empire.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. In terms of where deals are being priced out, I would say nine months ago, a year ago, there was very little activity, and we were pricing deals in good markets in the US in the low nine IRRs, albeit not much was happening at those kinds of return expectations. Today, I would say those are 100 basis points lower and there's a lot more volume in that a lot of transactions happening in the marketplace in the low 8s. Europe, that number -- those numbers would be in the mid-7 IRRs. The reason I'm answering in IRR and not cap rate is that the mark-to-market in different locations is significantly vary. For example, for the same IRR, you would be a lot lower cap rate in Southern California than you would be in a market that is leased at market rents.
Hamid Moghadam: I don't think Baltimore has been a big deal in terms of its impact on our business. It's obviously been a big deal to the people who died in the accident and the like, but -- and to traffic patterns. But not to the customer. The customers have enough optionality that they can deal with those kinds of disruptions. I do think the geopolitical stuff has people a little wigged out, more -- definitely more than last quarter. And look at the interest rates, I mean, we're up a good 70, 80 basis points since the last time we all met. And I think that didn't happen evenly throughout the quarter. I think in the last month that sentiment has changed pretty dramatically. So I think both of those things are weighing on decisions, particularly if the decisions are discretionary. And people, when there are no choices like they were no choices in Southern California, they always lease more space than they need because they don't want to be held short. And when the opposite is and they have some choices, they take their time because they expect better deals if they wait. And that difference, even if it's minor, even if it's 5% to the upside and 5% to the downside can be a 10% swing, which are sort of the kind of numbers we're talking about here. So that's very much what happens in the short term. In the long term, demand has to match supply and they can't keep doing that forever. So now if you're going to ask me exactly what that point is, I can't really tell you. But we think it's a matter of quarters, not years.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The way I would answer that question is that if you limit it to the next 12 months, I would go PA, New Jersey, SoCal. And if you ask me for the longer term, I would go SoCal, New Jersey, PA. And I would put all three of them in the upper 1/3 of markets across cycles. Maybe the upper 20% of markets across cycles.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let me take -- we have taken demand down for this year internally from 250 million feet in the US to 175 million, and fundamentally have kept demand at the same level going forward. What we debated that we were going to do is whether we add the 75 million that we missed this year into the subsequent two years, and that's where the bid and ask is in our shop. And we're not clairvoyant, so that's -- I'm just giving you the range of how we think about it. Now you answer the second part of your question, Chris.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thing I would -- your response has triggered this. Vacancy rates do not linearly affect pricing power. I think when you're operating under 5%, you've got a lot of pricing power. Now whether that's 2% or 3%, doesn't matter. You have a lot of pricing power. And even though you might have two customers that really need the space, four are looking for the space because they just don't want to be cut short down the road. So it just sort of feeds on itself. When the market gets to sort of around 6%, you're at equilibrium. When it gets too much above that, you get into a soft market. And that's a macro analysis, obviously, you've got to apply that market to market in each situation. But that's the way we look at it. We don't think we're getting into those levels of vacancy that we've seen in other cycles, even during the good times. The worst that we're projecting in this period is almost as good as the best we've seen in other cycles. So that's a key distinction. And we've just been spoiled by market in three years where vacancies have been lower than they've ever been. And I think you've heard me say at times that, if the normal range of a market is 1 to 10, we've been operating in a 12, 13, and more recently, I've said we're in an 8 or 9. And today, I would say we're in probably 6.5, 7.
Hamid Moghadam: So we've actually tried to test that theory by looking at whether Southern California's loss has translated into an equal gain in adjacent markets like Vegas and Phoenix. And the answer is, while absorption has increased in those markets, it doesn't fully account for the drop-off in Southern California. So some of that demand has just been deferred. And the question is when will deferred demand convert to real demand. And that's the $64 million question. Is it one quarter? Is it two quarters? Is it three quarters? Don't know. We think it's a couple of quarters. But it will happen. And particularly the port coming back, that part accounts for over 30% of imports in the US, and it's been basically down. So we think it's going to -- that's going to have a dramatic effect. Now we may have missed it already for this Christmas season, I don't know. But certainly, next year, that market is going to come back absent a recession or some kind of geopolitical blow-up.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Let's just put some numbers since you asked on it. I think in the Analyst Day, we talked about a three-year forecast for '24, '25 and '26 rental growth of -- sorry, 4% to 6%. I would say we're at the lower end of that range and maybe a little bit lower than that when you look at it over a three-year period. My number, and this is not the official number, my number would be north of 3% and around 4% probably, just shy of 4%.
Hamid Moghadam: A really interesting question. So this is what has really surprised me from this cycle. We are getting calls from merchant developers that have had financing, have completed projects and are getting panicked. And for us to look at those opportunities. Boy, we're looking at those opportunities. Because that's where a good balance sheet and that's where being on your front foot is all about. I think there were a lot of people in this business that thought, we'll just get some financing at zero cost and throw up some buildings and it will lease. And I think that's what accounted for some of that over-exuberance on the development side. And I think we're going to end up being beneficiaries of that, and I'm seeing that real time. So, yes, I think people who are merchant developers and do not have the financial wherewithal are acting in a somewhat distressed way sooner than I would have guessed. And we're happy about that.
Hamid Moghadam: So that was the last question, Vince. So with that, I want to thank you for your interest. And this is part of a long story and we'll be there next quarter to tell you about the following chapters of it. Take care. Bye-bye.
