Chris Caton: Hey, Steve, it’s Chris Caton. I am going to jump in with a few highlights and then, I think, Gene will share some color. I think there are three or four demand trends that represent themselves. The first is broadly the diversification of e-commerce. So, internationalization of the major players or small and mid-size players stepping up.  The second is the growth leaders of last year are leasing safe. Think about food companies, pharmaceuticals, and durable goods companies. The third trend would be supply chain resilience. For example, we see the core markets are among the strongest they’ve ever been. So, you have several clear themes playing through demand. 
Chris Caton: Yes. So, the message on e-commerce is actually, it’s very diverse. And I think if you look across the maturity of different organizations, they all want something slightly different. So, if you have a large international player, I do think they are getting much more pinpointed. We’ve seen a lot of growth, for example, in the last such sub-markets.  There is a lot of focus on shortening those delivery times. But more mid-size organizations might be in an adjacent location or in a regional location to still build out the basic infrastructure for executing online.
Chris Caton: Yes. I would add two things, which we sort of assume that are important. First the business’ scale. It’s a $60 billion plus business. I mean, that puts us among the top real estate asset managers anywhere by any measure and we are focused on one property type. So that’s a pretty significant market share in the most desirable market. So that’s place to the premium.  And also, I would say, we have the longest history of actually producing these returns that goes back to AMD’s early days in the mid-80s. So, both in terms of longevity, the quality of the income stream, these are not a bunch of closed-end funds that expire. These are, as Tom pointed out, very sticky and long-lived cash flow streams.  I would argue that they have more leverage on the upside than the real estate cash flows that support that business because of the fee and promote structure. So, for the life of me, I don’t really understand why they are being valued the way they are, but we are going to do a better job of explaining that to people who follow this business, because we are honestly getting a lot of receptivity from those investors that really understand this sector.
Chris Caton: Hey, Dave, it’s Chris Caton. I’ll kick it off. So first off, as has been shared a few times, right now it’s fulfillment by any means necessary. Trying to get goods into the country. Look, inventories are down 10% from pre-pandemic levels. And so, it’s really just a race to get levels in. As it relates to resilience, I do think we are starting to see this, but I think the specific numbers of people are looking at.  They are not yet at the strategic planning phase they are much more tactically focused on fixing their supply chains this year. Refresh up in our supply chain conference four days ago, 75% of people we spoke with, they had a poll survey said increasing inventories do have resilience related issues with top of mind and we are starting to see that play out.
Chris Caton: Hey, Vince. It’s Chris Caton. So indeed, we did make a material increase and look, I think the facts of the situation are really impressive. Rents in the U.S. are up nearly 7% just in the first half of the year, that’s a record. And look, it’s not just the U.S. rents are rising, in Europe they are up 2% so far this year. When I think about different categories, let’s start with the coastal, the major markets on the coast and we’ve had Toronto in there.  Typically, these markets on an annual basis will outperform by 250 to 400 basis points. Last year that compressed as there was less differentiation. That differentiation has returned. And so, we are going to see these coastal markets in Toronto hit mid-teens, I think this year. And I — based on some of the trends we discussed earlier, I’d say we should expect to see this relative outperformance widen in the coming years. Hope that helps you.
Chris Caton: Yes and one other thing I would add, as strong as rents have been in some of these best markets, with today’s rents, today’s construction cost, and today’s land cost, development doesn’t pencil. So, when people are developing, that means they are thinking, they may be wrong, that rents have to grow quite a bit from here or cap rates are going to compress significantly from here.  I don’t know which and they may be wrong. But I can tell you that with today’s marginal land cost and building cost, no way you come close to that clearing your margin in development.
Chris Caton: We’ve raised somewhere between $2 billion and $6 billion of good capital over the course of last three years depending on the need. This year you will be interested to know that 15% of the new capital that’s raised is from new investors, new to Prologis. So that really underscores the broadening of interest in the logistics sector.  The other thing that I think you are going to find interesting is that 50% of the investors are now diligencing ESG as an imperative. So, that really plays to our strength. We’ve been an ESG leader for more than two decades. So, I think that’s a differentiator for PLD.
Gene Reilly: Yes. So, Steve, the only thing I would add to that is, if you want to get some geographic color is, coastal markets are definitely doing better. You look at the U.S., Southern California and New Jersey by far I think have the strongest demand dynamics. But I’d also say that it’s very difficult to find a weak market globally, no matter where they are, in the Latin America, Europe, the U.S. There is strength in demand really everywhere. 
Gene Reilly: Yes. This is, Gene. So, I’ll take that. So I think you are – if you look at the conversations we are having with customers and what their pain points are relative – excuse me.
Gene Reilly: There is - Let me jump in here and continue with my point. But with respect to gas prices, that pretty much makes location on the more important. So I think that’s probably a tailwind with respect to rents.
Gene Reilly: Yes. Tom, I’ll take that. I think part of it is driven by strong results in other Americas and Europe was also strong. I think it’s more of a reflection of a easier comp in Q2 of 2020 than everything else. But listen, I think longer term, I mean, by and large, particularly in Europe, the cap rates have dropped further in Europe over the last several years.  That’s been more of a headwind on rent growth and I would expect, going forward, we are going to see whether it’s next year, the year after that, but we are going to see growth in our international markets to be on par if not better than our U.S. markets.
Gene Reilly: Yes. The other issue you should keep in mind is that we are pushing rents a lot harder than we were before. So, likely to replace existing customers with the most efficient customers that have the highest value chain and the ability to pay. So, that reshuffle has been accelerated in the last 12, 24 months.
Gene Reilly: Yes. Mike, this is Gene. I think the – I think that’s going to hold. In fact, I think we might see ultimately a higher build-to-suit percentage. And I’d be careful looking at the comparison of margins between build-to-suit and spec, because the mix has an awful lot to do with it. How long the transaction has taken to negotiate has something to do with it.  But I think in both cases, you can expect margins to creep up. We have cost increasing on us on the construction side. But we have return compression and rent growth that’s ahead of our underwriting expectations and that overwhelms the cost increases. So I think, generally going to see margins expand.
Gene Reilly: Hey, Rob. I’d just also point out from a key focus on equity raising. But these are open-ended funds are extremely low levered. They are A minus rated entities. They have significant financing capacity. So we’ve got a lot of runway just by using their balance sheets, much less ours. And then thanks for pointing out your point about G&A and scale.  I mean, that just tells you the power of the scale of these businesses. We talked about the AUM growth, that’s 16 over the last ten years or 18 over the last five years. But it’s all about cash flow and EBITDA. That’s grown 26% CAGR in the last five years. And as we grow, the vast majority of that money is going to drop to the bottom-line.
Gene Reilly: Yes. So, Ki Bin, if you look at that $18 billion of build out, about 44% of it is either covered land place or option land. And if you look at how we are replenishing the land bank over time, we are sticking pretty much to those ratios. So, nearly 50% of it comes in those two categories and with respect to the size of the land bank, it’s got to grow. Our development program is growing and you are going to see the land bank grow along with it.
Tom Olinger: Hey, Caitlin, thanks for your questions. This is Tom. I’ll take a first shot at that. I think there are several aspects of our development business that are quite unique. The first I would just think looking at the size of that portfolio $18 billion of build out, almost 20% of our market cap. And that portfolio was very focused in our high barrier markets at which we operate. So we’ve got a land bank that we can build out.  A very, very high quality portfolio that’s in high demand. It’s very diversified across 19 different countries and it’s a huge opportunity set that our development platform has to build out and just having the menu to seek the best returns and to solve customers’ problems across all of those different markets is a huge advantage. And I think that leads to just the durability of those development gains. So if you look at our track record, we’ve got a track record of 20 years, developing $37 billion of assets, 20% unlevered IRR and we did those results verified externally by Duff & Phelps, by the way, but -so anincredibletrack record of durability. So, when you look at the $18 billion of build out, our history of being able to continue to develop at very, very attractive rates, there is a very, very long runway of opportunity that’s just presented in front of us. And then, to your point on realized gains, I think it’s another point that makes sense quite unique that given our capital structure and how it works, how we want to structure the vast majority of our assets outside the U.S. are held in funds, but we are developing the vast majority of those assets on balance sheet Europe, in Japan, Mexico.  And those assets, with very few exceptions, are contributing into our funds. So there is a real crystallization of those gains. So, when you think about the 20% unlevered IRRs all that development, the vast majority of those gains were realized in cash and that’s a real cash flow. That – it’s part of your AFFO and should be embedded in your valuation. I think when we look at valuation in particular for development, I think, it is a very scattershot approach because there is a couple of different things you have to do. Obviously, you’ve got the CIP that’s in front of you. You got to face that and value that. You got your land bank, in our case, $18 billion that you have to value.  And there is also residual for this platform, right? This platform has a history of $37 billion and 20% unlevered IRRs. There is a value here. So, I think you can put those all together. There is different ways to do it, obviously. But I would just encourage you to take a look at the cash flows that this thing generates historically. And I think you are going to find the valuation for our development capabilities are, I would say, significantly undervalued.
Tom Olinger: Craig, I wish we were losing more deals because of rent, because we actually look at that on a quarterly basis by geography and the number is under 5%, which to me it means we may not be pushing rents enough. So, in a way, the fact that we are not losing those deals to rents may not be such a great bank.
Tom Olinger: Yes, Vikram, it’s Tom. I will take that first. So, I think let’s start with that business and how that business has grown. If you look over the last five years, any land and revenues of that business has grown 18%, some 18% CAGR. More importantly, the EBITDA or cash flow that that business is generating has grown by 26% CAGR, so incredible growth.  As we look forward, just given what we are seeing, I think the opportunities are there for very strong continued EBITDA growth. So I think that’s a baseline I would think about there. A highly, highly scalable business for what we do. And relative to valuation, there have been I think clarity around valuation in this business. It has never been better because there has been several transactions that have cleared the market lately and you can certainly look at public comps. I think for us, you need to look at the alternative asset managers as the right place to start.  And while there are a lot of different ways, I think analysts and investors are looking at multiple, but when you work through it all for the alternative of those and the comps we are seeing, you are going to see multiples in the mid-20s on earnings and those include promotes. So when you strip out promotes, you are seeing for the best alternative asset managers a multiple of 30 or higher, and they are getting an x on promotes. So, yes, that would tell you our business is - I would say, very undervalued, because as you are thinking about how we compare to them, I think you need to think about the stickiness of our AUM. 90% plus of our AUM is in long life or perpetual vehicles.  We talked about the growth profile that we have and then clearly, there is incredible investor demand for our product, which is also lining up to support growth. Our equity queue at quarter end was $3.3 billion, an all-time high. So, happy to get into more discussions with you all on this going forward. But lot of good visibility out there on valuation.
Tom Olinger: We do not care one iota about external growth and through M&A. It is – that is no skill of the management team. Just multiple conversion and dismiss that fair that our size prevents us from growing fast.  I would just invite people to look at the numbers and you can strip out the M&A from that. So M&A is opportunistic. It’s never part of our business plan and if we never had another dollar of M&A, outplay our growth rate against anybody else’s in any center frankly over time.
Tom Olinger: Yes, I would also say that land is very difficult in the U.S. but it’s even more difficult in Europe because the government is a much bigger actor in allocating land out and they really tie it to employment and they are not wild about logistics. So land supply is just that much more difficult.
Tom Olinger: Blaine, this is Tom. That’s a good observation. What is driving that over the last four quarters and particularly in the second quarter is higher levels of new leasing. So new leasing in Q2 versus Q1 increased 40% sequentially. And new leases generally come with slightly higher concessions, slightly higher turnover costs as a result, but the key is we are looking at long-term economics. So, yes, there is a little bit of short-term pain with that but we are getting in what we believe to be a better cash flow and higher rents. So, I think that’s the key. We are looking at the long-term economics here and we are getting at.  I do think, in clearly, over the last four quarters, we’ve seen much higher levels of new leasing than in the past, I think that’s going to moderate a bit going forward. But we are looking at the long-term end game here and it’s clearly the right economic decision to make.
Tom Olinger: I think there is a frenzy on playing catch-up that that is creating a lot of activity. I mean, I think people - if anything the pandemic sort of suggested that they can take business as usual in a very incremental approach with respect to their e-commerce strategy and now they are realizing how important it is and they are just pedal to the metal and that’s showing up in our 3PL leasing statistics as well.
Tom Olinger: Vince, this is Tom. I would just tack on the impact of – and on our earnings, right? I mean, we are rolling around 16%, 17% of our portfolio for a year now. So all of this good news on rent growth is not coming to the P&L right away. So you need to look at the in-place to market which significantly gapped out this quarter now at almost 17%.  And as I said in my prepared remarks, it’s almost $700 million of incremental NOI and want to see where rent growth continues to go. But I would continue to think that in-place market is going to March a little higher.
Tom Olinger: Hey, Rob. Let me take a shot at this. Today’s – our third-party AUM is mid $60 billion. At the time of the merger exactly 10 years ago, the merger closed on June 30 of 2011, exactly ten years ago, it was $14 billion. So, you do the math as to what the growth rate has been.  But I think ten years got to be a pretty representative period, because we had some early not so great years in industrial and past couple of years have been really good. But I haven’t done the CAGR, but if you do the CAGR between $14 billion and whatever, $60 billion plus, it’s got to be pretty impressive. The guys are trying to do the math.  But, anyway, you can do the math. It’s certainly higher than what any valuation model will suggest and I bet you, it’s higher than a lot of public company asset managers. It’s 16% annual growth rate in third-party funds under management. So – and the limiter on that growth is not our ability raise capital. We can go out there and raise – more capital than we have right now.  It’s just that we don’t want to raise the capital if we think we don’t have good deployment opportunities for us. So, we don’t want our queues getting too long and investors to get frustrated and we certainly don’t want to have a big queue that forces deal making like we see in a lot of other places.
Tom Olinger: A good example would be this Hilltop transaction that got all this attention that all of a sudden are we going to the retail business? No, we are not going to the retail business. That’s just another way of buying land with the yield on it. So, but it’s chunky. It’s $100 million. So that shows up as that can move the numbers around in a given quarter by quite a bit. But it’s covered land place at the end of the day.
Tom Olinger: Yes, I mean we’ll find out in a couple of weeks. But the – I can tell you that – and you’ve heard us talk about this for years now. We’ve really taken the customer and put it in the middle of our business, and that is paying dividends. So this customer-centric model allows us to do a lot of business. By the way that playbook will get like copied like everything else.  So, I assume, other people will do the same thing. But so far, we are doing great with major customer business. Thanks to the good work that the teams are doing.  With that, Jamie, you were the last. So, thank you again for your attention and we look forward to talking to you before next quarter for sure. Take care.
