Thomas S. Olinger: The cap rates are going to be on average; again, you need to think about this as just being not only dispositions but contributions. I think overall, you're going to see those be in the mid-to-high – the low 5%s on contributions, all the way up to the – maybe the mid-to-high 6% on some dispositions. When you blend that all together, one thing you need to take into consideration, though, is, when we contribute assets for funds, we also get incremental fees, which certainly offsets the dilution.
Thomas S. Olinger: That's correct. So, to be clear, our plans is not – our plan to permanently finance the KTR outstanding balance of $1.3 billion assumes no sell-down in our European ventures. And again, as I mentioned, the reason we're focusing on dispositions and contributions for this plan is because we expect substantial cap rate compression in Europe over the next year, and as we look at how we're value maximizing assets on sale, we're prioritizing dispositions and contributions.
Thomas S. Olinger: Yeah. Hey, Brendan. Brendan, this is Tom. So, absolutely we have very strong coverage when you look at where our payout ratios are, we look at this with realized gains because that's TI and that's got to go out the door or a proportion of it does. So we're in a low 60% payout ratio. If you want to exclude realized gains, which we don't look at, but we would be in the mid to high 80%s exactly where we've been long-term after this divined raise. So we feel good about our coverage. We actually need to raise our dividend, not only – we're not trying to just meet our payout ratios or our target, we're really trying to make sure we're paying out the statutory minimum. So we've got TI pressure that we need to increase – continue to increase the dividend to make sure we're getting the right amount of TI dividends out the door. Now on your question about capitalized cost, to put in perspective, we'll capitalize about $70 million of development overhead this year and maybe $65 million of capped interest. So when you look at that $70 million against midpoint of starts for $2.6 billion, that's about 2.6% or 2.7%. So it's a fairly conservative cap – fairly conservative capitalization ratio when you think about what is actually out in the marketplace. So, even if you would cut those capitalized costs by $10 million or $20 million, which is I think would be a pretty substantial cut that would have a very minimal impact on our AFFO given the nominal amount of AFFO that we have out there. So bottom-line, we feel really good about our coverage and in that scenario, I don't think it would materially cover – materially impact our dividend payout ratio, particularly as we look at our growth prospects going forward from rents rolling to market.
Thomas S. Olinger: Eric, I'll take the cash rent change on rollover question. So, I did not mention it, but the cash rent change on rollover was about 4.5% for the quarter as compared to the GAAP rent change. Now that's spread a little wider than what we've had in the past, but what's happening is given the significant spread between market and rolling rents, our customers are asking for help to mitigate really the sticker shock that's happening with the significant rise in market rates, just look at this quarter alone. In the U.S., we saw 23% increase in spot rates to rolling rates and as a result, we're trying to help customers ease into these higher rents with escalations, and really just in the initial part of the lease. So that's why it's really important to look at the net effect of rents calculation, because that captures the economics of the overall lease. Looking at the cash rent change, you pick up just that spot change from the last lease to the initial lease, which clearly doesn't represent the economics of what you're signing up for. So we focus on the GAAP net effective.
Thomas S. Olinger: Brad, this is Tom. So, today, we're at about – in the high teens on variable rate debt. Prior to the KTR funding, we were in the high-single digits. We're going to get back to that high-single digit range once we complete the permanent funding plan, and with selling dispositions and contributions that will fund this. So we'll get back down to that range. Our bias is to go long and to fix as much interest as we can at this point, just given where rates are. Regarding the mix of foreign currency debt versus U.S. dollar debt, based on where our U.S. dollar net equity is, we're at about at 90.6% at the end of this quarter, once we complete the KTR plan, we're going to be pushing more of the middle, middle 90%s, of U.S. dollar net equity. So, we don't have really any room today to move up our proportionate of foreign dollar debt. Going forward, we will do our best to match fund our foreign-denominated asset growth with foreign-denominated debt.
Thomas S. Olinger: Vince, this is Tom. We've really normalized the mix, starting in Q2. Q1, we were – and part of last year, as you point out, we were more heavily weighted towards Europe, and particularly Southern Europe and Central and Eastern Europe, so it's moderated. So that would be one thing. And then second would just be the strength of the U.S. markets and the proportion of leasing with the U.S. markets driving these returns. So going forward, I think we'll expect – I don't foresee any real mix issues like we had in the past with Europe, with U.S. being disproportionally different.
Thomas S. Olinger: Well, from a mix standpoint, if you look at our acquisitions this year, it's very much – you really need to look at the remainder of the year. It is weighted towards the U.S. and the Morris industrial transaction, which we agreed upon pricing there probably six to nine months ago. So, from that standpoint, we are focusing on – that's a big driver of the U.S., as well as, we do have some U.S. 1031 activity going forward. When it looks about balancing, buying in the U.S. versus Europe, we're always looking at the relative returns, and the overall growth profile of what we're buying and what we're selling. And as – looking at the KTR portfolio, in particular, very high quality portfolio that we expect to perform right in line with the rest of our U.S. portfolio. Look at how our U.S. portfolio is performing right now. We expect the KTR portfolio, similar quality, to perform equally as well. I think that is a big testament to why we wanted to buy that portfolio.
Thomas S. Olinger: And rounding out the activity in the U.S. the majority of it outside of the large portfolios of Morris and KTR are the value-add acquisitions in U.S. as well, where our local teams identify those, those aren't subject to the same pricing pressures in general that we see on the larger portfolios and it's a way we keep our acquisition activity strong in U.S. more on a case-by-case, project-by-project basis.
Thomas S. Olinger: Jamie, on your point about the 4.9% cap rate. I think you meant to say that if you include the land in the CIP, in addition to the operating assets, the yield would be 4.9%.
Thomas S. Olinger: Eric, I'll take the first part of that. So our bumps over the life of the lease really aren't changing on a long-term basis. What's really happening is, the initial rent in this, call it the first maybe six months of leases that are getting stepped up. So instead of walking somebody to market day one, the sticker shock that is happening, tenants would like to walk into that say, over three months or six months. So that initial rent, you're not seeing the full mark-to-market day one, but you are going to see it over the next quarter or two.
Thomas S. Olinger: Nothing unusual that would move that materially. We're – just given where occupancies are trending, right, very high and where we're seeing – revenues are certainly growing a heck of a lot faster than expenses and occupancy is going up, so our operating leverage is increasing meaningfully and that is what's going to drive that margin.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The other thing is, Steve, there's some land sales as well in that, and of course, the cap rate on land sales is zero. So, I think it will end up being in the mid-to-high 5%s, when you blend it all together.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The other thing I would add to that is actually selling in our funds would be the easiest execution that we have out there, because really all we got to do is look at the NAV at the end of the quarter based on appraisals and make a phone call to actually to get that done. So, there is very little execution risk on that. It's just that as I mentioned to you, there is a lag in cap rates from reality. There's about 50 basis points of lag between appraised cap rates and reality in the marketplace, and we think the reality of the marketplace is poised for further compression. So, yes, we could go do the easy thing and put this thing to bed tomorrow, but we'd be leaving about 100 basis points of value on the table and we have lots of other ways of getting to the same place. But we have this as a plan B with $3 billion of cushion. So, we're not losing a lot of sleep over this.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Our development yields in Europe, Continental Europe I'd say 7%, 7.5% something like that, in the UK probably in the 5% to 6% range depending on the market. Obviously, if you're in the London market, it's going to be lower than if you're up in the Midlands. In China, I'd say they're close to the same as Continental Europe probably in that 7%, 7.5% range and then Japan, obviously lower than that 5.5% to 6%. But again, we expect yields to be pretty healthy for the foreseeable future, cap rates are compressing in Europe and values are strong in Asia.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Hey, Brendan, can I give you one little other piece of color. I mean, we've got a big advantage in that we're a global developer, and we've talked about this in the past. Look at the spread of our development activity, it is very broad and there's one building per market, we've got – we're building in each one of the geographies, $2.5 billion of development spend is not a big deal for us, we can certainly do more, but we have the advantage of literally picking the markets that we want to develop in. So I think $2.5 billion run rate is a pretty safe rate.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I'm not sure how that math works, John. I mean the NOI number is growing. If you're taking the same cap rate and applying it, actually interest rates are increasing, so the mark-to-market on the debt should be getting smaller and we're creating $400 million of NAV though the development process every year. So I got to look at the detailed math of what you're talking about, but I'm not sure I totally understand it. There is some degree of FX factored into that, but again, most of that is mitigated because of the fact that we have matched liabilities with our assets overseas. So, I mean I can't do that math for you right now but would be happy to take you through that analysis. By our estimation, our NAV should grow by about a $1 a share, a little less than a $1 a share though the development activity and in the foreseeable future, we see earnings growth in the low-double digit range and probably even 10% just to pick an easy number. So that'd be $3 to $4 of NAV growth. So I don't know what you're doing with your math, but happy to take a look at it.
Hamid R. Moghadam: There's definitely been cap rate compression over the last 12 months, for sure. And I don't know if you're using a constant cap rate or what you're doing.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And in Europe, I'd just say, we haven't really seen significant construction cost increases, because there isn't a lot of development going on today, maybe just a bit. China, we're seeing some small increases as supply continues to move forward, and Japan is the interesting one. Japan, we had a spike right when the 2020 Olympics were announced, and then it peaked and it basically stopped. And we think that, as you get closer to the 2020 Olympics, you're going to see construction cost increases in Japan. At the same time today, we're seeing land increases, very significant land increases, in Japan. So, I think that underpins a pretty healthy story for rent growth in Japan over the next several years.
Hamid R. Moghadam: The only comment I'd make with respect to Europe is as Tom said in his prepared remarks, we've obviously increased our ownership position in our funds, that's the best acquisition that can make. Over the last several years, we've been buying portfolios and as we've told you there, well, we'd like to buy more in Europe, there aren't a lot of portfolios to buy, so we're focusing our time on those one-off acquisitions, and those value-add deals, and you can see it coming through in our numbers. We did two building acquisitions, one in Prague and one in Netherlands in the second quarter, and a total of $144 million year-to-date. If we could get more in Europe and it was good quality stuff, we would do that. At the same time, we will be selling non-strategic assets in Europe, when we feel like they're value maximized. So we are going to be both buyer and seller in a market like this.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. That's a really good question. The thing that I learned is that you can be totally honest with people in the way you present something. And in the interest of being super honest and straightforward with people, you could convey an impression that could be really inaccurate. So let me elaborate. Every M&A deal that a company does, they talk about its accretion using the capital structure that will be deployed immediately to fund that acquisition, which in our case is 1.5% debt. And we should have come out maybe and said this deal is not only NAV neutral because we're buying in the (42:51) market, but it is accretive to the tune of 15% or some crazy number like that because we're financing it on the margin with 1.5% debt. And that would have been the least if you will honest thing – honest way we could have portrayed it. So we elected not to do that. We used the word, this is how accretive it is on a leverage neutral basis. And I think the market read that as, we are immediately going to finance this on a leverage neutral basis, and I think it created an overhang. I mean, remember, we own a lot of the stock. We're not selling our stock at a 10% discount or now 20% discount to real estate value just to buy fully-priced real estate. We get that math. I mean come on guys, we've been doing this for a while, okay. So, clearly, that is not what we intended to do. We know all the sources that we have. We know how much non-strategic assets we have that we're going to have to sell, anyway whether we do KTR or not. Sure we have to sell a few more with KTR because as we've mentioned to you, about 5% of KTR is long-term non-strategic. So, yeah, we're going to sell our non-strategic assets and that happens to fully fund this transaction over a 12-month period, and to us that's very comfortable. We are committed to our single A rating, but that doesn't mean we need to achieve it tomorrow. We're heading in that direction. We are not telling you different story to the rating agencies that we're telling to the equity holders, all of what we've told you has been consistent and in my belief presented in the most responsible way possible. But I think the issue about the leverage neutral language and the talking about the timing that was assumed that we're going to get this in balance right this second half after it closes. I think we're actually misinterpreted by the market and we'll take the responsibility for that miscommunication. But the reality is, we'll clearly fund this transaction within a year. Our leverage ratios will be back in line consistent with that single A rating and above and beyond this, we've got about $3 billion in effect equity firepower sitting in our funds that once those funds and ventures are valued properly, particularly in Europe because of continued cap rate compression and closure of that appraisal lag. We'll take advantage of those in a way that it matches with our needs – with our capital needs. So we don't have a big capital drag on our income statement. I hope that clarifies.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure, that's a really good question. To be perfectly candid with you, not all of our land is strategic. In fact, we've quantified, classified about $400 million of our land as non-strategic, meaning that we don't intend to develop it, either somebody else is going to develop it or we'll sell it to user or something like that. So of our book value of land bank that you see today, $400 million of it should not be there, and we're going to sell that no matter what and not replace it with anything else. So the land bank for sure would come down. Then in a normal market, we will be acquiring land at the same rate as we'll be putting land into production. We'll reach some level of equilibrium at some point. Our best guess is that in that situation, we would have a $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of land, which is about two years of development at the run rate of $2.5 billion and the math on that is pretty simple. Two years of $2.5 billion development is $5 billion and land is about 25% of the total. So that gets you to about $1.250 billion of land that we need to carry around here. And so if you want to be in the development business and generate whatever we generated, I think it was 17 unleveraged by IRRs over a period of 15 years, you've got to have land. The unfortunate thing as you all know in our business, we don't get to cap that as earnings, and that's fine, because I think when industry counted that as earnings bad things happened. So we're good, but it's real money. It's real cash that comes in the bank in the company and it's real NAV that's created and we can patient to realize that value. So the bottom line is, we like the development business. You have to have some land to account for it to be able to play in that business. It's the highest rate of return business we have, but we have too much land in relation to our development volume going forward. As to my comment that we're going to moderate it is that look four years ago, five years ago, before there was a development business in the depth of the crisis, we told all of you that our annual development volume is going to normalize from $2 billion to $3 billion a year globally and in some markets and in sometimes, it's going to get closer to $3 billion and in sometimes, it's going to get closer to $2 billion. And I guess what I'm saying is that it's been going steadily up in the last three or four years and now it's about $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion. Don't be surprised if that comes down to $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion or something like. I mean that's very normal, and we're going to bounce around numbers like that going forward.
Hamid R. Moghadam: If I may take that question because it's my bad more than company's or Tom. I think we laid out alternative financing plans for you. I think we laid out three financing plans and one of them included equity, and two of them did not include equity. And we wanted to be – we wanted to give you the bookends of what could happen in terms of financing this deal. Our current plan and the one that we're executing right now assumes no equity, the only equity that exists is in effect the OP units that are part of the Morris transaction that go with the Morris acquisition. I mean if you want to really define equity in a broad way and just by way of reminder the valuation of that equity is fixed at where our NAV was on whatever we negotiated that deal about a year ago. It's $43.11, which by the way after discount, issuance discounts and all that is equivalent of $45 a share. So that's the only equity that's ever been in the plan before or after KTR and there is none contemplated in the current plan.
Hamid R. Moghadam: It's too expensive, John. It's too expensive to get your name on that – on those jerseys, as you know, so we're going to keep our money for dividend growth, but...
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yeah, so John, you asked a good question, and Tim Arndt, our Treasurer, has been actually trying to reconcile the numbers for you, so instead of waiting, I think he is prepared to talk about it right now. So let's answer your last question now.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And John, so that you understand the strategy behind the timing of that euro match funding. The time we did the merger, 40% of Prologis' equity was in foreign currencies – I mean, I'm sorry, in U.S. dollar. 60% of Prologis' equity was in foreign dollars and to that date we had – certainly I had not ever heard a single call about currency exposure in this company. One of our first objectives, the day the transaction closed, that we said we're going to neutralize and insulate this company against currency movement. But we couldn't do it immediately because remember, the PEPR was a big component. We had to bring PEPR in and then recapitalize it with PELP, all that stuff, until we could get all the puppies in the right pond, we couldn't really refinance the transaction. So, as soon as we got these pieces in the right buckets, we basically executed on our immunization strategy on FX, which is – it's really like debt extinguishment. Basically, you had an FX hit upfront, and you're going to earn it back over time in terms of earnings and matching on the debt side. So, if we hadn't done that, at that time, the launch that Tim just qualified for you for $1.50 would have been in excess of $5 a share.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yeah, with all due respect, and we should stick to real estate, which is our business, and leave analytics to you guys. But in any asset class where the duration of the leases is longer than one year, the concept of cash to cash comparison becomes a little problematic. In apartments and hotels that – or whatever – that concept works just fine, because there is no profile through the term of the lease. But the minute you get into four or five year leases, you can do all kinds of shapes of leasing with different present value implications that will affect that number, but really doesn't affect the effective rent. But we'll continue to report it and I'm sure you'll continue to look at it, but honestly in the way we run our business, we're not that focused on that number.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Great. I think that was the last question. Again, I want to thank you for participating. We're really feeling good about our business and we are not taking our eye off the risks that are entailed in our business. So – and rest assured we are vigilant but excited about finally having our day in the sun. Thank you.
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. In terms of the geographic distribution of the portfolios that we currently have in the marketplace or will have very shortly out there, it's a good spread of about a dozen markets, some global markets as well as some regional markets. I think it's a good mix of product that'd be attractive to what we're seeing as a very large buyer pool out there. And in terms of pricing, we have high expectations given the outstanding cap rates we're seeing now in the U.S. It's a really good time to put incremental portfolios out in the market and we're bullish on our ability to get that done by year end.
Michael S. Curless: Dave, in terms of construction costs, we're seeing there has been increases in the U.S. over the last couple of years, in the 3% to 4% range, perhaps as high as 5% in select markets where competition is more intense. For the most part in the global markets, we're seeing rents outpace that, that's why you're seeing some construction, that you are from a supply standpoint. Going forward, we anticipate that moderating a bit, maybe into the 2% or 3% range, but I think there is still some pretty significant competition for construction services, given the heavy load of development activity that's out there.
Michael S. Curless: And land is increasing pretty much across the board in the U.S., along with entitlement cost. So, while construction increases have been moderate, we think they're going to outpace inflation. Overall replacement costs are going up pretty rapidly.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yeah, yeah with respect to the development margin, so the U.S. will be sort of high teens and as we've said that we're going to remain elevated in margins, I would say at least over the next 12 months, that I could see. In terms of where that actual returns on cost are, I mean it really range from the mid to high 5%s, in LA for example, if you were to do a build to suit in a 4.5% cap rate environment, it could be that low and they range into the mid 7% depending on U.S. market. So if you look at Mexico, you're going to be in low to mid 8%s, and then of course in Brazil you're going to be in the 10% to 13% in terms of return on cost.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yeah. So, Jamie. It's Gene. I think KTR had a 20 basis point effect globally. But let me get to your yield. So things are playing out as expected, if anything the rents we're getting on new leases. And by the way we've signed about 40 leases since we've announced this transaction about 2.5 million square feet in that portfolio, but we're right out of 5.5% yield on a stabilized basis. So this is the same way we describe any acquisition. So that's 95% occupancy. At 89%, you're correct, it was around a 5.2%, but we're already at 92% leased in this portfolio. And our plan is to be just under 95% by the end of the year. So we're a little ahead of schedule relative to the 12-months timeframe that we outlined to get KTR in line with the rest of the U.S. portfolio, or said another way, around 96%. So, hopefully that clears up the yield. I mean I see upsides in the yields because the rents coming in a little better than we expected.
Eugene F. Reilly: Eric, let me give you an example. And this is real life and, during this past quarter, we had like a dozen examples like this. So put yourself in a tenant's position, you're paying $3 a foot in rent and the market rent today is $5. That exists all over the United States, okay? That's real sticker shock, and we may cut a deal at $5 flat, okay, in which case you'd have a 66% cash rent change, or you may say, all right, we're going to give you $3 for the first year, then it's $5, then it's $6.25 for the next two years. That's a 0% cash rent change. And that second deal has a higher net present value to us. So, it's – the problem with this statistic is that, in volatile periods on the upward cycle and the downward cycle, it doesn't really tell the whole story.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, we could also make our teams confirmed to a policy that would make us look better, but I want to do that. I want these guys to do smart deals based on what the market gives them. So your other question was on New Jersey. So we have 750,000 square foot development go into the operating pool this quarter and that really is the driver of the occupancy. With respect to that building, we've good activity one it. We're not really worried about it and New Jersey overall has frankly had quite a bit of construction over the last year, but that's very much moderated, not much in the pipeline. So, we feel good about that market long-term, but it's that development that was pulled into the pool that caused that.
