James Connor: Thanks, Ron and good afternoon, everybody. I'll start out with a few comments on the national industrial markets and then cover our third quarter results. Demand continues to be very strong across the US industrial markets, for the 29 out of the last 30 quarters, we've had demand out pace supply. Nationally we saw 61.5 million square feet of net absorption. Third quarter completions totaled 50.8 square feet, resulting in vacancy dropping another 10 basis points to 4.5%. Year-to-date net absorptions are 160 million square feet with completions totaling 144 million square feet. We expect net absorption to finish well ahead of supply by 10 million to 22 million square feet for 2017. This continued strong demand will push expected equilibrium to mid 2018 at the earliest. Each sellers' market fundamentals coupled with the strength of our regional operating teams contributed to a robust 5.9 million square feet of leasing for the quarter. Some of the more notable lease transactions were with customers such as XPO Logistics, Ford Motor Company, Valvoline, GELS Logistics, International Paper and Siemens. Of particular note is our continued success and leasing recently completed speculated projects, most notable is the 628,000 square foot lease with XPO Logistics in the Lehigh Valley, taking 100% of the new project placed in service. With the strong leasing activity and our stabilized industrial portfolio occupancy at 98%, we continue to be able to push rent as indicated by our rent growth on new and renewed leases of roughly 16%. We reported 2.2% growth in same property net operating income for the quarter. Same property analog for the nine months ended September 30 was 3.9%. Occupancy in the same property fuller properties actually declined 30 basis points from the previous period quarter of 97.7%. The previously disclosed hhgregg bankruptcy had a roughly 80 basis point drag on same store net operating income for the quarter. We have one lease signed of the three hhgregg spaces, totaling 738,000 feet and the second and third lease executions are eminent. I'm happy to report that we were able to grow rents and extend lease terms in all three spaces. On the development side of our business, momentum continues to be very strong. During the third quarter we generated $230 million of starch across five projects totaling 3.8 million square feet, that are 54% pre-leased in the aggregate. The new development starts including a build-to-suit project in Dallas with Wacker.com [ph], a 65% pre-leased project in Indianapolis with a major 3PL that is subsequent to the end of the quarter signed an additional lease bringing the building to 100% and two speculated projects in eastern Pennsylvania and Columbus Ohio. One additional notable development start was a 737,000 expansion tied to a recently acquired 794,000 square foot facility in the Inland Empire market. Our client Décor Outdoor Corporation executed the lease for 100% of the space. We continue to see strong activity in the development pipeline and are confident to close our 2017 in strong fashion and optimistic about 2018. Our overall development pipeline at quarter end has 21 projects under construction, totaling 11.1 million square feet and has a projected 696 million in stabilized cost at our share. These projects are 63% pre-leased in the aggregate and our margins on this development pipeline continue to be in the 20% to 25% range. Now, let me turn it over to Nick Anthony to cover acquisition and disposition activity for the quarter.
James Connor: Thanks, Mark. Let me re-emphasize once again how pleased we are having monetized the MOB portfolio and redeploying the capital into very high quality strategically well located industrial business, including the Bridge portfolio. As we stated a few times before, the blended stabilized yield we are achieving on the acquisitions, approximates the MOB dispositions cap rate. When combined with the proceeds being used to fund our development pipeline at significantly higher yield, our total redeployment will be highly accretive to FFO with better risk adjusted growth prospects. We expect to have the majority MOB proceeds reinvested by year end with an under levered balance sheet to fund the substantial portion of our growth in 2018. Lastly, I am pleased that our overall strong performance has allowed us to raise our quarterly dividend by 5.3%. This is the third consecutive year we are increasing our dividend in excess of 5%. We'll now open up the lines to the audience, we would ask that you keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two short questions and of course you are always welcome to get back in the queue. With that we'll take questions.
James Connor: Well, Mike, we're always looking for value added acquisitions offered at acquisition opportunities. I think, given the cap rates have continued to compress, you'll likely see a slowdown in 2018. We are not giving guidance just yet, but I think logically as long as our development pipeline continues to be as large it is, and we can create substantially higher margins. I think you'll see us scale back a little on the acquisitions side, continue to look for vale add place, but try and fund most of the funnel, most of the proceeds into development opportunities.
James Connor: Yeah Mike, we generally underwrite around a year on average to lease up our spec element and/or spec acquisitions, I would tell you over the past 12 months or so, just given market conditions, we've been doing a lot better than that, but when we do or disclose underwriting yields, we're generally averaging about a year forl lease up.
James Connor: Manny, that's a very good topic around here, I think we like many of our peers had said, we are going to continue to try and push even more at the expense of some our retention. We were at about 70% this quarter, 70.1 I think, which is down a little bit for us. But I think in reality when you got basically 4.5% vacancy across the country, there aren't a lot of alternatives like everybody is - I think the opportunity to put up some pretty good rent growth numbers, so we keep pushing.
James Connor: Well, Ki Bin, there's a couple of reasons, let me answer I think your second point first which is Chicago or Dallas or Atlanta, we've been in those markets for a substantial period of time and we have a very large possession approximately 15 million square feet in each of those markets. We much rather redeploy our capital there into development, where we are making substantially better margins, we've got land and development teams on the ground there. One of the things that we identified as our need to grow in these Tier 1 high barrier markets and that's really the region you'll see us focusing our investment dollars in those markets. And those are the markets that will consistently give you, the highest rent growth and the lowest occupancy just simply because of the barriers to entry. And we found that opportunity in the Bridge portfolio and a couple of the other assets that we've acquired this year, to do just that, to redeploy capital into really good, brand new, high quality state of the art industrial in three high barrier locations. And it's very unusual to buy a portfolio of that size and not have to get some second, third tier markets. So, when the opportunity presented itself, the timing lined up really well with our MOB sale and we decided to step up aggressively. And as Nick alluded to in his comments, from the time we've shaken hands in April of this year, we continue to see cap rates compress and we continue to see rents grow. So, my expectation is at the end of the day we'll beat our projected underwriting when we get these buildings, all these buildings in service and all these buildings built and fully leased up.
James Connor: Your observation is absolutely correct, in a rising market like this, we would love to have a little bit more space available to be able to push rents, as some of our peers do. But you are absolutely right, when you look at the makeup of our portfolio which is primarily larger bulk buildings, many which would run as a result of our development activity, ten year leases in the case of our million square foot facilities 15 year leases. We are happy to lock in that income with goods annual rent escalations built in, but the downside of that is, it times like this, you don't have as much roll. That's unfortunate. We've talked about that at meetings and conversations with our investors in the past. We are working diligently to engage anybody we can and early renew people and continue to push rents. And I think our guys have done a nice job at that. But I think, on the defensive, this portfolio, will outperform our peers over the long haul because we've got a lot less downside risk, given the quality of the buildings, given the length of the lease term and the annual escalations we've got built in. So, little tough today in the short term, but long term will be fine.
James Connor: Well, so let me clarify couple of points, when we agreed with DEO and we underwrite the DEO, the terms of the DEO and our underwriting is frozen at that time. So, as we said, we agreed to terms on the Bridge portfolio in April, and those are the reported numbers that we put out. We know that the rents have continued to grow, and our internal expectations. All set, we will sign those leases at higher rates. We are not re-publicizing or re-evaluating the underwriting., we're going with the original underwriting that we have, which is why sitting here today we are fairly comfortable we're going to beat those expectations by leasing it up sooner or leasing it up at higher rents.
James Connor: And that consistent journey you probably underwrite in respective element as well. And we do our course effective element; we also come to space with base run, we don't think future anticipate rental growth in those yield and we hope we get it and in often cases, we do the best we have in underwriting.
James Connor: Yes, they are John, I think in total, we are under 200 million - for the first time anybody around here can remember and you might think that inventory is getting too low. We've actually acquired a 120 million of land this year; we've just put more of it into production than we originally anticipated, so, in most markets, we are out looking to take down additional land.
James Connor: Well, John I guess it depends, who's doing the underwriting and what their alternate goal is. You know, we are trying to create as much value for the shareholders over the long term as possible. If you are a small local developer, that's looking to sell the building either on substantial completion or lease it, you can probably live on much than a margin, so, it's all driven by the expected margin you want to receive at the end of the day, which you can prepare to pay for the land. And, we've commented before, land is more challenging today and it's more expensive and the entitlement and approval processes is more costly and time killing. So, we have to look at a lot of land sites and do a lot of homework for everyone that we do require and ultimately put into production, because there's a lot of challenging sites out there, that you can't opt out.
James Connor: Well, John thank you for the compliment, we start to think that was a compliment. Well, it's a combination of both, there is some legacy land in there, we probably had on the books, could be as long as 10 years I suppose, but a lot of the land is land is that we had just bought, that virtually never hits the box, because its acquired, it's put into production, inside of the same quarter. And, you know, we've talked about, points about this in years gone by, but, you know part of our goals is stand around with not to mass of $ 1 billion land portion, but to take land down in much smaller pieces and put it into production. And, if somebody wants to buy a piece of land and they can't commit to putting a building a production inside the first year, then our attitude is you don't really need the land. So, it's combination of having change to the culture and some development activities by our local teams that I may have forgotten.
James Connor: It certainly could be, but our visibility is the same as yours. We get market data from the, all the service companies CBRE, JLL & Cushman plus the market reconnaissance we get from our own development and leasing teams around the country. I'm looking at you know, demand exceeding supply by 10 to 25 billion square feet this year, looking at what the quarter by quarter numbers had been. I think, while we see the gap narrow from three years ago, that's why I'm saying, I think that will be the earliest it will be in mid 18. But, you know if we can actually do something right, and we as the collective we in this country and we can actually maybe stimulate GDP growth and keeping the subtle going on a little longer. You're absolutely right; it could easily be '19 or '20. And another point that I've made about equilibrium, equilibrium isn't necessarily a bad thing particularly when you reach equilibrium at 4.5% vacancy.
James Connor: No, I said we wouldn't tell you it's eased up, I think everybody is encouraged by the strong numbers that everybody continues to report quarter after quarter, and the market dynamics that we are seeing out there, continued absorption. You know from many of our customers that, there are real shortages of available stays around the country. So, people are continuing to build which is why you'll see the supplies of equation probably in the year and the 190 may be ups up to 200 millions of forfeit of new supply this year. But the demands are it's just significantly up pacing it, and our guys do a pretty good job of diligently being outsourcing land and being able to put that into production pretty quickly. We also, internally we do, we also get a jumpstart, we got infrastructure and pads and things like that, so that we show it at the relevant time, up on some projects. And that's, those are some of the things that keep us more competitive on the building the suite as opposed to some of our working building competitors that have to go out to acquire site. You know, we've got site that's ready to go, designed pad built and we can deliver building inside of a 120 days.
James Connor: No, we have our own sale numbers Eric. So, each one is a fourth sense, we have a watch at great news Eric.
James Connor: They are not included. We are just - they are just like any other portfolio land, that we would go out and which we are doing overtime now and then starting development right away. So, that'll be in our development numbers, once they get started.
James Connor: Well, let me try to cover part of that, which I think we'll have a full reversal for the second half of '18 because essentially we are looking at the last half of '18 will cover no rent from those buildings. And we got leases either signed or out signature right now, such that rents will come in from all the spaces like early '18. So, when you get into the last half of '18, you will recover all of that 80 basis points decline, then you should have a little bit of decline. But on a full year basis, you are going to be pretty close so to even. So, we did have five months with the rent from the hhgregg buildings in the first half of this year. I would say the wrinkles on those three deals, we haven't got a couple of them signed yet, they're out for signature, but it's going to be pretty close to the average rent falls closing on everything else in our portfolio, we haven't run so close.
James Connor: Hello Richard, I'll start and then Nick can chime in, so historically we've got a bit of that, we've taken some chips of the table so to speak, we've sold you know couple of the big Amazon deals and some others, with all this possessions we've done this year and having to pay special dividend. You know we are really looking to minimize that, we are in the final stages of putting together the disposition target list for next year. And again, you know managing that against, redeployment of capital and the special dividends. So, for a miracle we can give you any local call around the other markets or things like that.
James Connor: Well, we look at everything obviously, just to stay abreast of what's going on in the marketplace and I would tell you given our size, I don't personally I don't think it's too big. I think when you look at the makeup of the markets and what percentage of the access are in the high barrier tier 1 market and the tier 1 markets, it' about maybe 25%, I know the high barrier tier 1was 17%, it's probably not the best fit for us. By coincidence there are some assets in there that that we sold them in the last five years, I don't generally like to buy stuff back at premiums. So, it's probably not a real good idea.
James Connor: I think so Michael, absolutely. I mean, if you look at what we're strategically trying to do, grow in the high barrier tier 1 markets and quality of this portfolio and what's happened since then absolutely we buy it.
James Connor: Michael, we will certainly look at it, we are trading at a premium to NAV, we like generally where the price is. I liked it little better two weeks ago then this morning, but generally if the quality assets and the markets that they are in, fit our profile and we are comfortable that we're not overpaying and that we could lease for a long term and continue to grow rents with annual escalations, we would certainly think about it.
James Connor: Yes, David did attend the meeting; our crack is when we are bringing a new director on, is we do invite them to that first meeting even though they are not officially on the board, they don't have the opportunity to vote, but we do get them inducted in, so Dave in fact was here yesterday and it's great to welcome him back. He's been gone for 17 years.
James Connor: We brought Dave on not because of his history with the company 17 to 20 years ago, but for his more recent experience running post, his M&A experience, his perspective on corporate governance, so that's really what we look at in terms of Dave's skills to round at our board. Is to give us a little more public company real state CEO perspective and we think he's going to be a great addition.
James Connor: Very, very few, I would tell you that we probably had about one a year exercise for the last three years. So, we are generally not good at giving purchase options.
James Connor: No, that really impedes the value for a buyer, ourselves included, if somebody's built that into the deal, so we and most of our competitors find that pretty difficult, find that pretty hard.
James Connor: I think if market fundamentals are consistent next year with what they did this year, and what our outlook is, yeah, I think that's realistic. If you look a little higher, then our last few years we've been running probably closer to 700, the last few years. But we've been able to rent a few more build-to-suits and our leasing has been a little bit better than we expected. So, I think that's why we were able to increase our guidance at the July meeting. That helps.
James Connor: I don't have that handy Jamie, we just track the per-lease percentage of build-to-suits partially pre-lease buildings and then leasing is done while the buildings are under construction is included in that 63%. My guess of it is probably 40% to 45%.
James Connor: Yeah, we are, you go back and look at the last three or four years, the reason our preleasing percentage has been as high as it has and higher than most of our peers is because of our build-to-suit activity. That's good land and the quality of the people that we've got on the ground, as opposed to spec development. We've consistently told our investors, we are going to keep that pre-leasing percentage about 50% and being able to do build-to-suits and substantially pre-lease buildings certainly helps that.
James Connor: Jamie, that's consistent with both today, that's what we are getting on Bridge, that's what we're getting really everywhere today. Our existing portfolio is close to the 22 in the quarter, the legacy leases within our portfolio, we average about two quarter, obviously that average is trending up a little every day as we keep building leases at three.
James Connor: No, no right now, it's a two and a quarter today, so it all depends on leasing activity from here until whenever you're looking at it, but on a 130 million square feet, it will take a while to move at 75 basis points.
James Connor: No, I just didn't hear. So, it's really mainly around real estate taxes. A little bit of an increase this quarter from assessments as you would expect probably, but on top of that even more of it because of some refunds we got in the prior period. And I would suggest what's driving a pretty big, whatever it is, 4.5% give or take increase in expenses. It's really real estate tax related. The refund over the prior year and upward assessments in the current year has very little impact on overall NOI because all of that is 98% occupancy level give or take, whether it's a refund or pass back to the tenant, it's an increase in expense, we generally get it back from the tenant, so it has very normal impact on NOI. You'll see a revenue number that went up a lot lower than the expense number and that's just a shear factor of the denominator and the expenses being a lot more together, call a million dollar change in expenses divided by the expense number as a lot higher percent in that same million dollar change on a higher revenue number. So, that was the little bit of a disconnect on the percentages, but I would tell you, it was very negligible on overall NOI.
James Connor: Well, we have a very expensive for rating the credit and tracking, anybody that will be concerned about. We always wanted, we've talked about this before, is we have a Sirius lease in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania and we are all watching Sirius. The good news for us it's the appliance division, which is probably the only division inside the Sirius that makes money. So, we've had them on the watch list, but beyond that we are in really good shape.
James Connor: I would like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to re-convening during our fourth quarter and full year call generally scheduled the same time on Thursday February 1, 2018. Thank you.
Nick Anthony: Thanks, Jim. We had a very active quarter on both acquisitions and dispositions. I'll start with dispositions. Building dispositions totaled 301 million in the third quarter, including seven medical office buildings and three suburban office properties in Indianapolis, which completed our exit of the Indianapolis office market. After these transactions there are two remaining medical office properties, one of which should close this year. Turning to acquisitions, we closed 390 million during the quarter, including 156,000 square foot facility in the middle and sub market of New Jersey, two facilities in southern California totaling 1 million square feet in the mid count in Inland Empire west markets and one facility totaling 300,000 square feet in Chicago. In addition to these properties, we also closed the first tranche and agreement to ultimately acquire a 10 building two land parcel portfolio in some of the nation's best sell markets from Bridge Development Partners, a transaction that was in the media three weeks ago. The first tranche closed at the end of September and consisted of five leased up facilities, with two in southern California, two in south Florida and one in northern New Jersey, all of which totaled 290 million and 1.7 million square feet and are 71% pre-leased in aggregate. The remaining five buildings to be acquired in the Bridge portfolio comprised 1.8 square feet with the total at just under $300 million. All are located in northern New Jersey and are expected to close later this quarter. These remaining five products are showing just under 70% leased. The portfolio also includes two land parcels of undeveloped land in northern New Jersey, Midland and New York sub markets, for a total purchase price of 62 million upon which construction of two additional properties will commence later this year or early next year. The entire portfolio, when construction on the two land parcels is completed, will ultimately total 4.3 million rentable square feet with a total investment of slightly under $700 million. We agreed to the terms of the acquisition in April, at which point the properties were 58% leased in total. After assuming leasing responsibilities in July this year, we executed additional leases to increase the portfolio to 69% leased. In addition, we believe that rental rates have continued to increase while cap rates have also further compressed. Finally, I should note the definitive and future leasing prospects involve in the lease escalators at 3% and couple of long term market [indiscernible] produced favorable long term total returns. I'll now turn it over to Mark Denien to cover our earnings results and balance sheet activity.
Nick Anthony: Yeah Ki Bin, I would just add one more thing to that. The tenants that we have in these newer bigger buildings, generally want the longer lease terms as well, so they will simply follow these terms and most certainly not to outturn our people to those [indiscernible] right now, thinking of the cycle.
Nick Anthony: Yeah, in the 300,000 square feet that we have is so far has done about that performer, so that is optimistic.
Nick Anthony: Yes, there's a lot of side work and these are in very tight markets, one of them in the New York suburb and the other one is Midland on a very short note.
Nick Anthony: A lot of it is - now, there will be a couple of months of burn outs, but by the end of the year, most of them will paying rent on 70%.
Nick Anthony: We're actually closed on two developments yesterday and we expect to close the rest in the fourth quarter.
Nick Anthony: Yeah, they put a lot of value creation on the development pipeline, but for the most part, we are just looking at it, in improved in non-strategic asset account forward in the market place and frankly se are seeing great pricing invests for non-strategic markets as a well.
