Denny Oklak: Sure, Josh. Again when you look at the kind of development projects that we’re doing right now, these are basically build-to-suit projects that we’ve started so far. They all have long-term leases. I think the shortest lease term we did with a new development this quarter was a 12-year lease. So, there isn’t at this point in time, it’s a little hard to say whether there is much variance between the industrial and medical office. Again these are a big bulk warehouse buildings of credit tenants long-term leases and then medical office buildings are on-campus facilities, hospital taking basically a 100% of the space. So, the going in yields are really pretty comparable right now.  And as I mentioned on the call, what we always call our initial stabilized yield, so it’s basically our initial yield on these kind of build-to-suit, was just over 7%, but also in all of these projects we get annual rent increases for over the term of the lease. So, if you look at our average rents over the term of the lease it’s probably closer to being in the 8.25% to 8.5% range. And that’s really what we’re seeing on the build-to-suit type today.
Denny Oklak: Well, I would tell you that today’s market rates out in Southern California, the yield on that project would be kind of in the low 7s – high 6s, low 7s, which is still a pretty good spread over what things are trading for out there today.
Denny Oklak: Well. Again I think our guidance for this year was sort of in the $200 million to $300 million of starts range and again, we are off to a great start in my opinion because we signed about $120 million in the first quarter and as I mentioned, we have signed another medical office building of about $43 million here in April. So, we’re at $160 million through the first four months against that $200 million to $300 million. So, we feel pretty good. There is a backlog at both the build-to-suit industrial and the medical office. I would tell you right now that backlog you can use a lot of different kind of projects. So, I had to take a put a number on it because of probability of execution varies quite a bit, but I do think the medical office backlog is a little bit bigger than the bulk industrial backlog today. But again, I think with the start we’re at this year, I think we’re very comfortable being in that range and hopefully closer to the top end of that range and development start this year. And as far as looking ahead, I think things continue to improve in the economy, albeit very slowly like they are today. We would expect that pipeline to hold up and maybe grow a little bit. Really, what we think in a normal environment for our business model. Today, we think the development if you have a economy that’s kind of hitting on all cylinders, that debt development starts for us can be in the $400 million to $500 million range.
Denny Oklak: Yeah, that’s the way you should think about it. We’re certainly not going to increase our leverage profile as we go forward to grow.
Denny Oklak: Starting with the industrial side, we are up to 93.6% leased now, which is starting to get back into the range of closer to where we think that stabilized portfolio would run. In a normal environment again I think we’d run at 95%, 96% there. So I still think that business is pretty good. The demand seems pretty solid there. So, hopefully we continue to make progress on that 93.6% and get it up into the 94% range before the end of the year, and I think there is a good possibility if everything stays fairly stable. The suburban office business again as I said in our remarks, I’m just not sure what’s going – when that’s going to turn around. I think we know what’s going to drive it, which is going to be some increasing employment and people starting to hire again, but it’s still really pretty hard to say when that’s going to happen and I don’t hold out any high hopes that we are going to increase that occupancy very significantly during the rest of the year.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think we held it pretty consistent, but for the most part, our hurdle rates are going to be clearly different, clearly significantly different for like specular project versus build-to-suits. We’ll certainly be more aggressive on build-to-suit projects, good solid industrial or medical office buildings that are pre-leased. We’re going to be pretty aggressive on those and as I mentioned that was really what all of our starts were in the first quarter. So, and sort of a 7% starting rental yield on those. On specular projects with the exception of Southern California, there is – you’re going to see higher starting or stabilized yields than what you’re seeing when we’re in the build-to-suit business. Is that answered your question? Paul.Paul Adornato – BMO Capital Markets: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Well these have long-term leases. They are stable. They’ve all got well rate growth built into them both on the industrial side and on the medical office side. Basically on all these, those numbers you’re seeing are really cash on cash yield that’s going to grow because again your long-term leases and there is virtually no capital expenditures needed probably from anywhere from 5 to 10 years on these projects we’re buying. So, again they are certainly accretive over the shorter and longer term. What we have been focused on really hasn’t changed from what we’ve been doing in the last couple of years. We’re selling our older non-functional mostly office assets. We sold a few industrial assets this quarter, but there were some older flex buildings down in Cincinnati that had been on our chart list and we’re able to move those. But most of our older office buildings as I mentioned, they were only 80% leased and with an average age of over 20 years. So, the other thing that I would say is our cap rates, the way we code our cap rates is a stabilized yield and that stabilized yield that we’ll code like on that 9.7 would assume that properties somewhere leased between 90% and 95%, while those properties may have not been at 90% to 95% leased for longtime. So, in place is probably closer to 8, 8.25 on those properties. But that’s just the way we’ve always done those. It’s as much of an art as a science on calculating cap rates on dispositions.
Denny Oklak: Yeah, that’s based on occupancy, but it would also consider the cost to lease up the property – our estimated cost to lease up the property.
Denny Oklak: Well, the only other thing I would say is I am not sure what’s your version to stabilized assets that means, there is nothing wrong with them. They’re really great assets as I said they are immediately accretive to AFFO growth going forward because got virtually no capital expenditures and you got relevant growth. So, you’re kind of talking about them like that’s a bad thing, but I don’t think it is.
Denny Oklak: What we actually issued a 39 a share. You guys all got to remember that every time we issue on that cost us some fees to do that.
Denny Oklak: As Christi mentioned, we – the ATM has a very efficient way to do that equity raise when you look at the fee side. So, again we used that strategically. I think it was a great time for us to use it in this quarter when you look at really mainly the development pipeline that we’re building. We’ve got $350 million development pipeline and as Josh asked at the beginning and I reiterate you can expect us to see us fund that kind of growth through development in line with our capital structure today. So that’s going to require roughly 50% common equity and that’s what we’re going to do, because we’re not going to increase our leverage ratios.
Denny Oklak: And I just want to add one other thing Ki Bin. We’re talking about taking on more risk profile. I remind our folks all the time that we still have $10 million square feet of vacancy out there. And I’ve got – there is plenty of risk left in that vacancy. We have lease explorations. Although, we’re in great shape this year, we always have lease expirations coming in at us. So, there is still plenty of risk in our business and I’m focused on managing the overall risk. So, I’m not really inclined to go buy properties that add significantly to that vacancy, because I think we’ve got enough right now.
Denny Oklak: Well number – your first question on 28. The land that are basis that we, which is basically our original costs because as we said we didn’t really and we haven’t impaired in any of the development land. There is a big reason why we don’t show each development yield on page 27 that’s a competitive reason I don’t necessarily want to show my competitors or our customers exactly what might yield is on any specific building that’s why we don’t show here.
Denny Oklak: Yeah. That is also is with land, yes, sorry.Dave Rodgers – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think the first quarter I’ll say couple of things about. It’s generally our lowest quarter because there are just different things that happened in the first quarter. There are some cyclicality to our service business. There are some things on the overhead side that just always get recorded in the first quarter rather than spread and it’s a timing difference. And then in this particular first quarter, we were still redeploying the proceeds from Blackstone transaction at the beginning of the year for really the first couple months of the year. So again obviously if we end up at the midpoint of our guidance, it’s going to have increase a little bit on a quarterly basis going through and again as we’ve said, we are comfortable with the guidance that we put out there so.
Denny Oklak: Well, I mean there are a lot of different ways to calculate it. The way we normally look at it is our cost to debt on a 10-year basis, plus sort of our FFO yield on our stock price. And if you…
Denny Oklak: No I think what your – it was higher this quarter again because as we said as we go through this year, we were building off a bigger base each quarter because we had nice same store growth throughout 2011 too. So we don’t think the first quarter is indicative of where we’ll end up for the full year and that’s the guidance that we always give as for the full 12 months calendar year.
Denny Oklak: No, we always set the data, to have people look at quarterly numbers. So there can be something goes both ways within a quarter. But I don’t think there is anything real specific in there today.
Christie Kelly: We went through that – over the past couple of years Jamie since we refined our strategy in '09 which is how we ended up with the buckets of port sales and held and we view that to be Main & Main.
Christie Kelly: I think the only other point that I’d add to what Denny just said Jamie is that, part of the running in place on the offices clearly given what’s happening overall in the sense of macroeconomic environment, but the other thing too, it’s a bit of a sell for selling process with us as well because as our team works to lease up the office portfolio to the extent that those properties are located and are part of our more non-strategic disposition list as outlined in our asset strategy, as we meet unless we’re selling to make sure that we get appropriate value.James Feldman – Bank of America:  Okay. Alright, thank you.
Christie Kelly: I just want to jump in there even because we have been assets just in terms of the specificity associated with the asset repositioning strategy since '09. So, I just want to remind everybody that we spent of that 20%, I mean call it 50% of that $1 billion in assets that we were proposing to leased up. Taking a look back and what we did in South Florida as a Dugan transaction, I mean just to start to rattle them off. So, we haven’t just combined stabilized assets. I know it seems like that as we become just even more later focused on specific markets that Denny want to be in for all the right reasons, but please don’t forget about what we’ve done over two years here and moving a couple billion dollars.
Christie Kelly: And I think even to in putting together the ATM programs, we put that in place in February of 2010. We carried executing on it after two years from inception. And we said that we were going to use that program opportunistically. When we announced it, it was ties at $150 million which was expected to be at 6% to the total shares outstanding. There are 40 other entities who have issued ATMs since 2011 through year-to-date that we know, as of the end of February 2012. 50% of those have re-upped on their ATMs and they’ve been larger. And in terms of overall execution of – as Dennis said, we issued at a (indiscernible) that was better than the average – weighted average price since inception, that was better than the weighted average price over the trailing 12 months, that was better than the weighted average price over the past six months and that was better than the market price over the past month and half that we executed. And if you take a look at the volume that we executed on, we were executing a 3% to 18% of the total volume that day, taking advantage of the volatility in the market. So, I think it was all first of all immaterial. We don’t take issuing equity lightly, but 150 million shares given the size of our business and we used the proceeds I mean it had no effect.
Christie Kelly: And we’re still working on de-levering we’ve got goals out there as stated and we still got real work to do and we’re going to keep chipping away at it as we’ve communicated. So, we’re in good shape.
Christie Kelly: No, I think in my statement I did mention that we are going to re-up, because it’s a prudent thing to do, as I mentioned in other, 40 other REITs out there that are doing it. And we executed very effectively. So, yes and I think you would expect us to do that. And in terms of tying it to any one specific activity, no and I think our performance keeps for itself. We waited until it started to make sense over the past couple of years and I think we executed pretty well given the current operational profile and it’s complementing our asset strategy and we will keep doing that with minimum effect to our overall performance.
Christie Kelly: Yeah, Blaine, I can take a jump in there for you. I saw that in the note the other night. Same store, I think you mentioned was about 50 or 60 bps in terms of the population for the quarter, that’s correct. A couple of other things that we have going on in there, you’ve got in terms of the total – the total versus same-store, the same-store population measures the same property population that’s been in effect for 24 months, total is everything and so you’ve got development starts in there, acquisitions, dispositions, which is about 15 to 20 basis points. And then you’ll also have the impact of other leasing such as the quarter lease that Denny mentioned, which is the other piece of area, which is not in the same-store population.
