James Connor: Thanks, Ron. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start off with a few comments on the national logistics market and then I'll cover our first quarter results. In the national markets according to CBRE vacancy across the U.S. remained at record low level 4.3% and has now been below 5% for over 13 quarters. First quarter asking rents grew and estimated 8% over the prior year nationally. For the full year, CBRE and other expect rent growth on asking rental rates to be in the 5% to 6% range. For the first quarter supply exceeded demand by about 1.6 million square feet. So, still fairly in balance and it represents only the third quarter in the last 36 quarters where supply outpaced demands slightly. We see supply and demand in balance for the remainder of the year and expect both to finish in the 200 million square foot range. We believe this balance combined with historic low vacancy rates will continue to provide an environment for strong rent growth. In addition, the March macroeconomic figures had been solid with favorable retail and e-commerce sales consumer incentive business inventories and employment data points. Even with 2019 GDP growth projected to be in the low-to-mid 2% range, we still feel confident in the macro demand drivers for logistics space like increased truck tonnage poor traffic and intermodal volume all support a very favorable outlook. Now turning to our own results, we followed up a very strong 2018 with a solid start to 2019. Given the significant leasing we had in the fourth quarter of 2018, we had a comparatively light quarter with leasing volume of 2.8 million square feet. We simply did not have that many expirations particularly any of any size to renew or backfill. We increased our stabilized occupancy by 40 basis points to 98.4%. This was primarily driven by leasing up three speculative facilities totaling 927,000 square feet. Our in service portfolio was 95.5% leased. This is down from 96.3% the previous quarter which was due to speculative projects just placed in service as well as a slight impact from acquisitions that were 72% lease. We renewed 83% of our expiring leases during the quarter and rent growth averaged 23.4% on a GAAP basis and 9% on a cash basis which was impressive given that less than 10% of this activity came from South Florida and there were no second generation leases in any other coastal markets. Rent growth was broad across all building sizes and all leases sizes as it has been throughout this cycle. Once again, this demonstrates if you have high quality assets in the right sub market with a top-tier operating platform all of which we have, you're in a position to capture demand and rent growth in all markets. We had a good start to the year and new developments with a $165 million across five projects totaling 2 million square feet. All of these projects were speculative starts in key sub markets with tight fundamentals across our Southern California; Dallas; Houston; and South Florida markets. Looking at the landscape today, our leasing prospect list is strong for our recently delivered and soon to be delivered spec projects supported by my earlier comment about the stabilization this quarter of three previously delivered spec projects. We also have a nice backlog of build to suit projects with requirements between 100,000 square feet to over 1 million square feet all across the country.  In aggregate, it's possible our pre-leasing percentage may dip slightly below 50% during 2019 due to timing but overall we're very comfortable with our development pipeline and the speculative projects we have underway and their ability to contribute earnings growth beyond 2019. Our overall development pipeline at quarter end had 20 projects under construction totaling 9.2 million square feet at a projected $765 million in stabilized costs for our share. These projects are 52% preleased and our margins on the pipeline are expected to continue to be in excess of 20%. With stabilized occupancy at 98.4% these projects provide a valuable source of future growth. Now I'll turn it over to Nick to cover our acquisition and disposition activities.
James Connor: Thanks, Mark. In closing, just a couple of comments. Logistic demand drivers for modern facilities remain very strong in both traditional distribution and e-commerce fulfillment. The macro front maybe a little bumpier than prior years and we are mindful of those risks yet we still feel very good about 2019 as represented by our increase in expected ranges for key growth drivers. And finally, we are confident in our overall ability to drive high single digit AFFO growth and corresponding dividend growth for the foreseeable future. We will now open up the lines to the audience, we would ask participants to keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two short questions, you of course are always welcome to get back in the queue. Louise you can open up the lines for questions.
James Connor: Well thanks, Jeremy. I would tell you that's always a question we're asking and I think at the end of the day when we look at our cash and GAAP rent growth and we look at our CapEx to net effective rent which are both very strong numbers and we were able to improve on occupancy, I think we're really hitting on all cylinders. We've all talked about this before, it always costs us more capital to retain at a building than it does to renew a tenant. So, if we can continue to keep our renewal percentage high keep our occupancy percentage high but maintain these roughly 25% and 10% rent growth numbers that we're getting I think we'd hit the right balance.
James Connor: And on supply and demand, I think we're in a really good spot. The difference between the two of this quarter of 1.6 million square feet in the U.S. logistics market that's one or two deals. So, it could have been timing or anything else. I think we've all been prepared for a point in this cycle when we're going to reach some level of balance and we may in fact be there. And if we are, I think at 4.3% vacancy that's a pretty good spot and I think we'll continue to be able to maintain our occupancies and continue to push rent growth.
James Connor: Yes. As you guys know, quarter-to-quarter it's all timing. I didn't put in the script but we've actually already this quarter signed three builder suits. Would I love to have them in the first quarter? Absolutely. But that's just what it is. So, yes I think you'll continue to see us maintain that balance. Our builder suit pipeline is as good as it's ever been and it's as I referenced in the script it's anywhere from a 100,000 square feet up to north of a million square feet and pretty consistent across all the markets. So, I think you'll see us continue to have very positive results on the new development pipeline.
James Connor: Yes we have and we actually talked about that from a guidance perspective and I think as indicated by Jeremy's question with five spec buildings in the first quarter, we thought it would be prudent to wait to reassess at the end of the second quarter and hopefully get a little bit more build to suit volume and a little bit more releasing teed up before we made a move on the development pipeline. I think sitting here today I would tell you we think it's trending toward the high end of the range that we had announced in January and as we've said feels an awful lot like it has the last couple of years. So, we would hope we'd be able to get these build to suits signed up and be able to give some good news in the second quarter call.
James Connor: Yes, thanks Jamie. No, we really haven't. We had picked up on some of the chatter and that question some of our peers. So, we took a look at our first quarter results which obviously with only 2.8 million square feet of leasing wasn't a particularly deep pool of data. So, we went back and looked at all of 2018 as well and the truth is it all performed really well. I mean I'm not going to kid here for us in actuality, the big space is north of 500,000 feet did perform the best for us in terms of occupancy and rent growth and the smaller under a 100,000 was probably the lowest performing but you're talking about the under 100,000 foot buildings being 97.2% compared to the over 500 at 98.9. So, they're all really good. Rent growth was probably the strongest in the big buildings at 31 and 10 and 22.4 and 7.1 in the smaller buildings; again really good numbers for any which way you want to slice it and it's funny because a lot of people think of our portfolio and we get a lot of credit for the million square foot Amazon buildings. But you have to remember that we have 300 buildings out of our 504 that are in service that are under 250,000 feet and that totals 40 million square feet of our 146 million that's in service. So, we've got a fair bit of exposure and we're really active in this size range. So, I'm happy to tell you it's good all over the board.
James Connor: I would tell you under a 100,000 feet we don't have a particularly strong appetite unless it was part of a package or deals like that but between a 100 and a million, it fits in our portfolio like anything else and a number of the one-off deals that Nick and his team have acquired this year and last would fall into that 100,000 to 250,000 square foot category and many of those are multi-tenant building. So, that's a product type that we've always played in. We're just probably not as well known for that as some of our peers but we've got a lot of that product and we do a lot of that leasing.
James Connor: Well, we're really just refining our geography a little bit with those small amount of acquisitions we're doing then using disposition proceeds for it and it's very selective in just a handful of high breed tier one markets. And those assets tend to be a little smaller.
James Connor: No Eric, I can't tell you -- we're going to start looking at it any differently than I think we historically have. I think a combination of the occupancy of the underdevelopment the in service and the stabilized was the right cross section of all of our occupancy matrix to look at. And then, as big as we are we have to look at the development pipeline in totality. And we look at every spec project and measure the risk that we're taking on and as we talked in the past, that's not just from a company perspective but also looks at what's going on that business unit. What we got coming at us in the next 12 to 18 months in terms of lease role. What kind of rent growth and occupancy and that absorption we're seeing in those specific markets. So, I think we got our hand on the pulse of the right matrix, we'll be making all of those decisions. But we're always happy to talk about slicing and dicing the data differently if there is a better way to do it.
James Connor: Well, keep it up. I'll give you a couple of comments. We've done a pretty good job of analyzing the REIT growth in our portfolio and market dynamics and I think that's one of the big reasons you're seeing us as we've transitioned the company over the last few years pushing into those coastal markets. Because those coastal markets are where you had historically always gotten the strongest rent growth. When we go into a downturn over sessions, all of the markets are going to move the wrong way but typically those costal markets particularly the high barrier ones that we talk a lot about, those are the markets where you get the greatest returns. I would tell you our primary focus is on development and not necessarily acquisition, although we do do a bit of that. But I much rather be developing in and as you referenced LA, at a 5.5 as opposed to buy it at a four. But in today's world you're creating value with either one.
James Connor: Well, if you want to look at individual assets, we do a combination of infill redevelopment and more traditional Greenfield development. So, if you look at what we're doing or what we've done in Southern California, when you go out to Perris in the Moreno Valley, that's more traditional Greenfield development. But when you go into the IE West and into Orange County where we've done a number of projects, that’s much closer in infield. It has a higher degree of difficulty because you're generally dealing with having to assemble a complicated site. There's probably environmental issues. The development process in California as you know was a challenging one. So, in order to get the site fully entitled, you probably looking at 12 or 15 months with the work. But again, we do it all, we're doing a lot of infield development, we own a lot of infield properties, we'll continue to have a focus there. But we're also doing the bigger Greenfield because if you're in the Los Angeles and you need a million square foot distribution center, you can do it in Orange County if it doesn't exist. That's why all those big those big million square footers have gone out to the IE because that's where the land is available for those kind of developments.
James Connor: Three years, we've been averaging across all our speculative development complete lease up and stabilization in month nine. So, we've been running ahead of our underwriting. A lot of winners, a lot coming on on budget but a few losers. And that's what I think you'll continue to see, that's the nature of the beast with speculative development.
James Connor: No, spec is still very interesting to us and we're always focused on build to suit because that's what has enabled us to drive new development to the levels that we have. What I would tell you and we've talked about this from time-to-time when I've referenced our development pipeline may dip below 50%. As we have worked our way into high barrier markets like Northern New Jersey and further into the Southern California infield markets like Orange County and even in Dade County where we have some very expensive land tied up. It pays for us to put that into production absolutely as soon as we can. So, in years gone by, I might have wanted to move some of those around from quarter-to-quarter to maintain that 50%, but in these instances we think the market is strong enough and the carry on the land is significant enough that we're probably going to move ahead and put those into production as soon as possible. And that's what driving that, what's behind my statement of where it may dip below, it's not going to go to 35% or 40%. But we just may choose from a timing perspective to move ahead with a few spec projects sooner than we thought we would have in the past but you'll also continue to see just as I referenced earlier since we already signed three build to suits have a good number of build to suit projects.
James Connor: Well, we've talked in the past, we've never lost Amazon from any one of our facilities, now that isn’t to say they haven’t moved out and so and eventually someday they'll move out of lot. And as we've spent a lot of time --.
James Connor: So, but you know what, some day they will, you're absolutely right. And what we want to remind everybody is we own just the box, okay we don’t own any of the material, handling, equipment or mezzanines or robotics or anything like that. And we've got restoration costs. So, at the end of the day I own a good clean functional 1.2 million 1.1 whatever the size is box with plenty of parking and plenty of tailor storage, plenty of loading facilities. That building can be released to Walmart, to Procter & Gamble to target, that building could be divided into half or quarters, I can do 500,000 foot leases or 300,000 foot leases. So, we've always got an eye towards the future in any of our development whether it's speculative of build to suit and we think we've underwritten those at the right basis that at the end of that lease term if we were to lose in Amazon, we'll be able to compete for deals very favorably.
James Connor: Well John, you've hit on what is the key to some of these Tier 1 markets, I do we might have some data handy because I thought we might get this question. So, if you take Dallas for example which by and large in its entirety is reasonably healthy, has good strong net absorption but you drill down to the sub market level and you go to on the South Dallas and we've all talked about South Dallas before. No barriers to entry, plenty of available land, good expressway access, reasonably new intermodal and a vacancy in South Dallas is 15.3%. So, like four times the national average. You go to the DFW sub market which you and I would call infill and there's very little available land, there vacancy is 6%. If you go to Chicago, it's the same extreme. You go under the I80 corridor, again not a lot of barriers to entry, good expressway access and the vacancy down there is a 11.7%. You go to the O'Hare Market, we've all been in toward through the O'Hare Market. It's 2.4% vacancy. So, you're absolutely right, not only do you not have pricing power today when the vacancy in those overbuilt markets, is where it is but you can anticipate having any pricing power over the long-term. So, when if you have a building down there and you got lease role coming at you, your tenant probably has the opportunity to look at a number of different spec buildings or potentially go to a build to suit whereas you go to these infill markets around the airport -  and some of the other high barrier Tier 1 markets that we've talked about and those opportunities don’t avail themselves and which is why you can generally get up to twice the rent growth in those markets that you can and some of these low barrier markets.
James Connor: No, I don’t necessarily think so, Michael. I think it's just its lower risk. I mean, we may not have the ability to push rent growth quite as much as some of our peers but at the same time there is a risk related to do in that. So, it's a little bit around the guidance that we gave on same proper NOI. That's another reason that it will decelerate a little bit for the remainder of the year because we won't be rowing as many tenants as maybe we would like to in this environment. But in the long run we like the balance of what we have.
James Connor: Not necessarily, I think this year was still a little lower than the past because we did just a tremendous amount of pull forwards in the fourth quarter that we talked about on the fourth quarter call. And when I say pull forwards, some of them were just four to six months early, not like they were dramatically early. But we just took care of more of this year's expirations at the end of last year than I think would be normal, not a lot more but a little bit more.
James Connor: Yes, we got really activity down there and I note when you look at Atlanta in its entirety, people see 6%, that's actually down first quarter of 2018, it was 6.8%. And I think Atlanta had depending on who you talked to, 18 million square feet plus or minus. So, a lot of good activity. But there is as you pointed Eric, a fair bit of development down there. So, we've got three buildings. One of which is 589, one of which is a 193, hold on I'm searching for the other one. The other one's 498. The 498 is I'm looking at a prospect list right now, we got two good prospects. The 193, we've signed a lease for over a half of that building that will be announced at the second quarter. So, we got over 90,000 feet there left and my sheet says we got two prospects for that. And then, the big building the 598, we got three prospects forward. And so, we're continuing to see good demand across the board and we always are evaluating at this point in the cycle whether we want to hold out for full building tenants or we're into break the building up. And that's a little bit of what's going on depending on the kind of activity that we're seeing. But again, those buildings have a fair bit of flexibility. So, we can do single tenant dealings or we can break the building up and lease it to two different tenants.
James Connor: Yes, as I mentioned in the past, Central PA is has been a little bit slow, we've got a big building there, looking forward on my list here, 832. We got one full building prospected to partial building prospects, half and then three quarters of the building. So, I would tell you activity is good but that building came into service in the third quarter of last year. And as I like to remind my leasing team out there, I think it's ripe for leasing.
James Connor: No, nothing new other than we do have one tenant, one new event I guess you'd say, ZGallerie filed bankruptcy back in March. They are current on the rent, they're down in about 200,000 square feet in Atlanta. From everything we've been told, it's a chapter 11 situation, the facility is pretty critical. Those are a supply chain. So, we think it'll be business as usual but if something were to change in that, the rent is below market. So, I think it would be a situation of kind of like the HH spreads, there'd be a period of time to retenant it if that would happen but it be at better rounds. Other than that, nothing new Eric.
James Connor: Eric, on that I don’t know that order of magnitude, there is an awful lot of dry powder out there chasing logistics properties and I think a number of the deals that have been done over the last couple of years in the let's call it $3 billion to $7 billion range, have had multiple bidders. So, I don’t think it's out of the question. I don’t think it's out of the question that you could create a partnership that could take down a project of that magnitude. But I was selling guys earlier. Looking at big deals like that, it's a little bit like shopping for a new big boat. It's really fun to look at it and talk about it but it's financially hard to do.
James Connor: I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to see many of you at the NAREIT conference in New York in early June. With that, you may disconnect the line.
Nicholas Anthony: Thanks Jim. We had a light quarter on acquisitions and dispositions. Require two state-of-the-art 36 foot clear logistics facilities totaling $78 million in Seattle and Eastern PA. In aggregate, the two assets total 577,000 square feet and were 72% leased on average. On dispositions we saw on JV asset in Indianapolis with our share of the proceeds totaling $8 million. However, as I alluded to on the January call, we have quite a few assets projected to be sold in our Middle West markets this year with time expected in the third quarter. Regarding the broader acquisition market, we continue to look at many opportunities. However, the market is extremely competitive and thus making it difficult to find select assets in our target growth market which is reflected in our modest full-year range of guidance for acquisitions. I'll now turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial results and guidance update.
Nicholas Anthony: Well first of all, one asset was already fully leased in Seattle. The other building with we bought in the Lehigh Valley had just delivered and they signed a lease in that and we've got three RFPs on that space right now. So, we do expect it will you know we underwrite 12 months but we fully expect that we will beat that underwriting like we do typically on other acquisitions we've done. So, I don't think there's not a lack of demand.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. Most of the acquisition we've been pursuing are pretty well leased. In fact, this last acquisition that was half lease was unusual for us. I think it was the first one we've done in the last 18 months.
Nicholas Anthony: No, there are no issues. In fact, we have about a 100 million of volume nonrefundable right now that we expect to close very early in the third quarter and we've got most of our target disposition list and various stages of the process. So, traditionally dispositions have always happened later in the year and we always for whatever reason people wait till the end of the year to get things sold.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. The only thing I would add to that Eric I like Jim said. The 50% kind of preleased and the development pipeline is an easy thing to talk about. But we got a whole lot more matrix in that and totally that we look at before we pull the trigger on any new.
Nicholas Anthony: No, our margins, we're projecting our margins to continue to be north of 20% which is where they literally averaged for the last probably 10 years. And that's a makeup of some of the more competitive build to suits, are probably in the mid-to-high teens, maybe 15% to 17%. And the speculative development particularly on land that we bought right, is probably 25%.
Nicholas Anthony: Rich, the other thing I would say is these, take Amazon for example, these 90,000 80,000 square foot buildings are not replacing anything, and they're purely additive to their supply chain. They also still serviced by these fulfilment centers. So, it's just maybe that the fulfilment center is servicing both the direct and consumer and those delivery stations or whatever you want to call them. So, they're not replacing anything, they're just additive to their supply chain.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, I would tell you we do not have a component of our strategic plan or our annual budget. That says we want to get our average building size bigger or our average tenant size bigger or the inverse, smaller by any stretch of the imagination. Our local operating teams are out just trying to do good quality business. And we own, we still own, I'm looking at the latest numbers here, we still own 95 buildings under a 100,000 square feet, 202 between a 100,000 and 250,000 feet, a 140 between 250 and 500 and 87 over 500. I mean that's pretty good balance across all sizes. And I'd happily take more of any of those.
