Thomas Olinger: I'll take the second part of that, Jeremy. The increase -- the majority of the increase of the 120 basis points related to the U.S., Europe -- Continental Europe was about flat. And from a mix standpoint, nothing really stands out. I mean, things can move a little quarter-to-quarter. But given the size of our portfolio, we are very well distributed across space sizes and geographies.
Thomas Olinger: Craig, I'll take the first part of that. On the accretion from higher rent growth, given the relatively low remaining role for IPT and the LPT portfolios post-acquisition, similar to the [indiscernible] portfolio, you won't see much -- it's pretty minimal impact for 2020. But again, as you point out, the important thing is that it's going to build our in-place to market and drive our same-store growth even more in the out years. And then I'll let Gene respond to revenue management.
Thomas Olinger: The markets that have higher demand as a percentage of base can tolerate a lower occupancy, because it represents fewer periods of lease up in markets that have lower percentage of growth compared to base need to be more full to have the same equivalent pricing power.
Thomas Olinger: The reason the number for starts went up is that we have more visibility into this year as we get closer to this year. We were a couple of months earlier. So some of the things that we weren't sure were going to happen happened in a positive way. So the numbers are up. But just like -- for many years, I've commented on acquisition volume being highly predictable. The spec portion of the development volume is -- also has some volatility associated with it. We are not compelled to start spec development, and those are really dependent on minute-by-minute market conditions and the supply-demand dynamics in those markets. The build-to-suits, we'll build, because we're pretty sure of the demand obviously there. But 60% of the spark -- starts is spec. And if the market is better, then we'll do more. And if the market is not as good, we'll do less.
Thomas Olinger: Well, I mean, if you take our U.S. markets that are in the soft side, I would say, Atlanta, Houston and Pennsylvania would be the 3 markets. Dallas has come off the list. Dallas has just had an incredible run in terms of demand, much better than we expected. And those markets -- those 3 markets represent -- the leasing that remains to be done in those markets this year is about 14% of our total leasing. And once you add IPT and LPT, interestingly, that number goes down to 12% of the remaining leasing that we have to do this year. And the global portfolio also is 12%. So there is no overconcentration, if you will, in the weaker markets. They're exactly in line with our overall markets and they're actually -- -- the percentage is coming down as a result of these two acquisitions. What did I -- I meant Central Valley -- Central PA, if I said something different. These guys are giving me handslick room, so. Anyway, so the weaker markets are proportional to all our other leasing, and we're basically not concerned about it.
Thomas Olinger: That would be a good question for you to ask us next year, just like you pointed out this year. I don't know. I mean we don't feel compelled to do any development other than places where there's customer demand. And I think to try to predict something is actually irresponsible, because it then gets the organization to drive to a number, and we don't need to drive to a number. I mean that -- nobody gets paid for driving to a number or anything like that. We'd all get paid as the company does well, and we'll do whatever we can to make sure that the markets stay in balance and that our developments lease up appropriately and that we have good margins. So it's all dependent.  Remember, a year ago, when we were sitting right here, we had just seen the stock market decline significantly. We had ratcheted down our business plan. And the world just looked very different than the way it ended up playing out. And by the way, we weren't the only people who were conservative in our outlook. That was the responsible thing to do. But as the year unfolded and we saw demand being better, we obviously scaled up our activity. We have the land to do it. We have the talent to do it. But we don't feel compelled to do it unless there's demand.
Thomas Olinger: And John, I'll point you back to the presentation we gave when we announced the transaction. We had $25 million in fair value lease adjustments, but that also includes straight-line rent adjustments. And that's a net number, because you back out the straight-line rent that's embedded in the IPT and Liberty portfolios, but more to come on that.  To your point about FAD ultimately getting to the dividend, as we've said in the past, we -- our dividend levels are going to need to increase pretty consistently with what you see our FAD and AFFO growth, because we're -- we'll pay out as close as we can to the minimum threshold at which -- where we're staying. So that's a consistent theme you're seeing here.
Thomas Olinger: Eric, I'll respond to your first question relative to the split out of the $1 billion in sales for IPT and LPT. I would say this, it's going to be fluid, but the office component that remains is quite small. But as we said, we're going to match fund disposition proceeds with opportunities to redeploy them. And so I would say it would be fluid, but again, the office is a small piece that's left out of that.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Vikram, this is Tom. The rent spreads were pretty consistent this quarter across all the different size categories. I think the small space under 100 probably picked up a little bit, a little higher than normal, but this quarter, very consistent across all 3 sizes.
Christopher Caton: Yes, in terms of markets, I mean, you guys can see this reflected in brokerage stats. The vacancy rates will give you a pretty good idea where things are healthy and things aren't. I would say we saw a bit of a slowdown in big box activity during the year in '19, but that actually picked up in that segment later in the year. So if there's anything really new it's that the demand is strengthening a little bit in big box.
Christopher Caton: Yes. I don't think that the pickup in big box has anything to do with the 2 geopolitical items you mentioned. And the year is starting off pretty good. We're early in the year, but I'd say we feel a little better than we did a quarter ago. So things that are starting off well.
Christopher Caton: We'll always tell you exactly what we think at that moment in time. But particularly with spec development, we will ratchet that down or up as the market tells us. And remember, our development program, it's 200 -- roughly speaking 200 bets across 65 different markets. So it's big and it's going to be dynamic over time.
Christopher Caton: Just on the specific numbers, we have net absorption of 240 million in 2019. The 4-year average is 250 million square feet. So pretty consistent with the 4-year average, and really at work there is the 4.6% vacancy rate that just made it more difficult to absorb stock. And you saw some of that growth more in price than in net absorption, so rents were up 7%, 8% in the U.S. last year. When we look at the demand trends late in the year, as Gene discussed, whether it's really good momentum in the fourth quarter or whether it's our proprietary indicators, like the IBI, which is at 61, makes us feel like growth will improve in 2020.
Christopher Caton: Look, If you -- we're all looking for things to worry about. I would be more worried about a recession because of something like totally out of left field like this virus thing or something globally that can affect something more on the demand side than on the supply side. Supply may be 10 million, 20 million, 30 million feet one way or another. But that, at the end of the day, doesn't move the vacancy rate or the pricing power. But if demand falls off the clip because of some unknown thing or war or some bad thing like that, that is the thing that I worry more about. Supply, one way or another, it's going to be pretty close to what we think. Certainly, a year out, you have pretty good visibility into what supply is, because 2/3, maybe 3/4 of stuff that's going to be supply should be under construction right now. So we know kind of what that number is. So really the wiggle room is on the last 25%, 30% of supply.
Christopher Caton: Yes, Gene, I think driving that is a combination of both general supply chain modernization. So we see some customers who are feeding their store network and also a fair amount of e-commerce also wanting to serve the greater region and in particular New York.
Christopher Caton: So a key message there would be the prioritization of proximity and the proximity of core Lehigh Valley to New Jersey and in particular New York. That's driving that demand.
Christopher Caton: Yes, spot on. Underlying the variety of operations that are going in our customer space, and that translates to two things. One is an adoption rate of automation within logistics facility that is low and rising at a moderate pace; and two, the ROIs on some of these investments are still pretty low, given the complexity and the complex nature. Another point I'd make relates to productivity-enhancing equipment. That's what this really is. That's been around for a long time, whether you look back 40 years at forklifts. And so we've seen a constant effort to improve employee productivity within our facilities, and this is no different. As it relates to specific reference you make, kind of in-store automation as well, something we have seen in the marketplace are more requirements not just to serve e-com, but also to serve store fleets that are needing to handle this "buy online and pick up in store". There's more activity to also think about the existing supply chains to support that activity in store.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I'd hesitate to put a lower bound on that, but I would say that in general, this is a good opportunity for us to introduce. We've been 97% range. And as you can see, particularly in the U.S., where we have the strongest market opportunities, we're ticking down and we're very comfortable with that in the sort of mid-96% range. Historically, 95% has sort of been a rule of thumb in this business. I think that may be changing. So rather than get specific, I would just say there's some room to go. We're comfortable pushing harder.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. So let me start with that. So if you look at the health in the markets, as defined by vacancy rates, as I said earlier, that's a good start. We want to focus on markets that are constrained more in the U.S., that's New Jersey, that's Southern California, that's the Bay Area. But it also includes some submarkets, places like Dallas or Chicago. In Continental Europe, there are several places we'd like to be doing more development. But there, you're seeing constraints on supply more significant than really anywhere else in the world.
Eugene Reilly: Well, retail sales and the online category grew at 18%. And in the bricks-and-mortar category, it's shrunk in real terms. So that tells you where kind of demand is on the margin, and that demand has gone up. I mean, Amazon is a big chunk of it, and they are probably more active every year. Certainly, going forward, we see them being more active than before. But they're 40-some percent of the market. The other people are catching up, and we are seeing a broadening of demand for e-commerce facilities as we move further into this category. So e-commerce is very strong. And I would say on the margin, the autos are probably a little weaker than they've been historically, and that's sort of a global thing. And probably housing is likely to be stronger than -- on the margin than we saw last year.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, they're actually 45% of e-commerce sales, I think, is the latest number. I might be a point or 2 off, but it's as a percentage of e-commerce. And I think e-commerce is like 12% of the overall market. So they're like 4.5% of overall retail sales. I think this came up earlier, but maybe I can emphasize it. The demand is not uniform around the country. And some of the markets where there is exceptional demand, the supply is just so tight that a lot of that demand just doesn't show up. I don't know what that number is, but I can tell you it's a positive number. And God, after 10 years of supply falling short of demand, we've all been predicting this year where supply exceeds demand for the last 5 years, and we've got it now. So -- but -- I mean, it's a big market, it's 15 billion square feet of base, and we've got 30 million feet of difference between supply and demand. And that doesn't even take into account all the real estate -- all the industrial real estate that's being scraped for higher and better uses and is becoming obsolete. So I'm not losing any sleep over that. Chris, do you have...
Eugene Reilly: Yes, the picture going into 2019 was much more negative than -- I mean -- or less positive. I mean it was positive, but it was less positive than it is today. Market feels a lot better right now than it did on the call a year ago.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I think in -- for sure, a quarter ago, we felt a little bit worse about supply. And Eric, if you look at the last couple of years, what's happened is that the development engine in the U.S., the industry wasn't able to hit Chris' estimate for supply. So I expect that next year, it's the same thing. And it's -- the explanation is pretty simple. It is very difficult and more difficult every day to develop the space. So I would probably say there is a down arrow.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. Can't talk about the first component, but you can guestimate it pretty well. I mean average lease is 6 years and an average built-in rent growth in these leases is, call it, 3%. So you can kind of do the math, 3 years of 3%, that's how much the gap is higher than the -- by the way, the reason I'm not going to get in trouble, because I don't actually know what the number is. But the math on it should be pretty damn close to my guestimate.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. Your question was a little bit low, but I think your question is about recent activity in Lehigh Valley. And Lehigh Valley has, over the past year, experienced a little bit overbuilding, but news in the last 6 months is pretty good. So demand there is strong. I would say that is contrasted with Central Pennsylvania, where demand is still a little bit weak right now.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, the non-Comcast office, I would expect to -- we're through that. So really office comes down to Comcast. And that is, as you know, pretty liquid, pretty straightforward type of position. And it's only a matter of what's the ideal time to do that and the dynamics with the customer, which is a very important customer anyway, over time what happens. But that's kind of -- there's not a lot of wiggle room on the economics of that deal. We know it's 100% leased, and we know what the economics are. So office is gone. We're not in a big hurry on the industrial. We've just kind of match funded. As -- I mean we're 18% leased -- 18% levered. So why would we want to do more than match funds? We're not in a hurry. It's a good market.
Eugene Reilly: I would say small space is recovered a bit -- small space was way ahead of big space, maybe a year, 1.5 years ago. Then it went the other way and softened, and now it's coming back a little bit. Most recently, the big space is recovering more in the last couple of quarters. So they're all even, but they're coming to even from different directions.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, I wouldn't add much to that. And Europe, while expensive on a relative basis, look at risk-free yields in Europe. I mean, you get negative rates and the best economies, there's got to be four countries in negative rates. So I'm not frankly sure that cap rate environment today in Europe is all that expensive.
Hamid Moghadam: And by the way, the extension in the development -- I'm sorry, the expansion in the development cycle is mostly on the front end and on the entitlement side. I mean it's not taking us any longer to physically build buildings. And certainly, our lease-up assumptions to get them stabilized has not been extended. So really it's on the front end on the entitlement.
Hamid Moghadam: When we stop developing. Chicken or the egg? No, I'm not -- I mean 120 basis points is a pretty healthy margin when cap rates are as low as they are. But we're really margin focused. And if we can't really get going in a pretty, say, 15% on spec and maybe low teens on build-to-suit, we just won't do it. I guess, we'll do a build-to-suit at around a 10% margin for a great tenant with a great credit that we can easily do and sell or something like that. But I mean, that's the range of it. The only problem is, in the last however many years, 10 years, we've had double or triple those margins. So someday, we'll have lower than those margins, for sure. The market goes through cycles. But there's definitely an arrow up on margins from where we pro forma these deals. And I would say, 9 out of 10 deals at least, maybe even more, maybe 19 out of 20 of them that we do a recap on, we do a recap on every deal that we do when it's stabilized and we look at what it costs, what the yields were and sort of grade our performance on that. I would say there are very few of them that have any reds on them. I mean all of them have big green numbers on them. So, so far so good, and I expect that to continue for at least the foreseeable future.
Hamid Moghadam: The other thing I would say about Europe, Europe has -- it will be interesting to do the math on this. We haven't, but this is a guess. There are a lot of institutional investors in Europe that are focused in Europe, and the size of the industrial asset class in Europe, it's still a relatively new industry and institutional quality products proportionately is a lot smaller than it is in the U.S. So you've got a lot of institutional private capital focused on a market with fewer opportunities. And I think that's pushing on yields in Europe pretty hard. So development is preferred to acquisitions in all these markets anyway.  I think that was the last question. Thank you for joining our call, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter, if not sooner. Take care.
