Eugene Reilly: Yes, Caitlin. This is Gene. I'll take that question. And you are breaking up a little bit, but I think you're talking about the development activity in the coming year. So this year, about 85% of what we're guiding to are main transactions. So, we have very few placeholders. And as Tom mentioned, we're 45% build-to-suit in the forecast and it is really difficult to forecast how that's going to play out. But if there is a bias, it probably is to the upside. But at this point, we're comfortable with the forecast.
Eugene Reilly: Thanks, Caitlin. You broke up a little bit there. But I think just how the - our bond process runs short-term we think. I think we're going to continue to see short-term leasing probably stay at elevated levels, just given the tightness of the market and the need for customers to act and move quickly as we get into 2021. I hope that addresses your question.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. This is Eugene. I'll take that. So, you are going to see and have seen for the past several years that our forecasted margins are quite a bit lower than our margins historically because these are underwritten margins. Now, we have been beating these margins for a variety of reasons, rent growth, cap rate compression. So I would expect and I think we'll retain this for a long time that you will see over time margins will normalize. But that really depends on what the future cap rate environment looks like.
Eugene Reilly: Yes. I just had a couple of things. I mean last year we had 300 matters go through Investment Committee. So it means that we look at a range of deal sizes and we look at every single deal. Every single deal, we will underwrite it, look at it. We are bit picky on quality that's an explanation. And we were - we execute when it makes sense for us, but I wouldn't read into this that we're uninterested.
Eugene Reilly: Yes Eric. The only thing I'd add on, San Francisco, agree with everything Hamid said and one thing to keep in mind vacancy is 6%-6.5% in the San Francisco Bay area. So it isn't as if you have weak conditions on top of a very high vacancy rate. So we're watching it and obviously the performance is very much disconnected with the - with LA, but fundamentally vacancies are not dead right now.
Thomas Olinger: Yes. The simplest way to look at it for same-store in 2021 is it's all driven primarily by rent change on roll. So think about 25% roll and - I'm sorry, 15% lease roll, and from a GAAP perspective, think about 25%-ish rent change on roll. And as you mentioned, occupancy and bad debt are pretty consistent, don't move much year-over-year, so that drives the GAAP same-store. From a cash perspective, think about that same 15%, we'll call it 12-ish percent rent change on roll, you're going to see bumps from around 3.25% on the portfolio in place and then you'll see a little bit of normal free rent out of that. But those components should get you right near the midpoint of our guidance.
Thomas Olinger: Sure, Jamie. I'll take a stab at that. I think the most significant near-term thing is going to be the infrastructure spending and that will have a positive effect on demand for our product. With respect to Buy U.S. first and all, we had that in the previous administration but if you actually look at the numbers, they don't support the newspaper headlines. So, we don't think there's going to be a material change in that because we haven't had any of that in the last four years either in. That was pretty much the same, same promoted policy. But the big drivers of our business is not necessarily economic policy. It's just the mix of consumption between bricks and mortar and e-commerce and the underlying growth rate of the economy, which should be very strong bouncing from a down year basically, and recovering all of that in 2021. So, we think those are the two big drivers. And economic policy will be affected a little bit around the edges but not the main driver.
Thomas Olinger: Actually I'm going to take that. It's pretty simple. People are running out of inventory because they haven't pre-positioned enough inventory in the system to support the level of activity. And remember, we need more inventory in the online channel than we do in the offline channel. And one of the big issues with inventories is that we can't get the containers back to China. And so, actually, we could support a much higher utilization and lower levels of stock-outs, but that's what's going on.
Thomas Olinger: Yes. That may be the case in terms of the math I've read. Europe is generally a more balanced market than the U.S. Demand and supply seem to move in sync together and generally vacancy rates are lower. The two exceptions are probably I would say, the big exception is Poland. And from time-to-time you get Spain sort of moving up to that volatile end of the market, but the rest of Europe is very well occupied. So it's really the volume of rollovers in Poland and Spain that drive that balance and occupancy on the margin. But throughout, our occupancies in Europe have been higher than the rest of our portfolio and in the U.S. anyway.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Dave. I'll take both of those. On the first one, remember leases less than one year are excluded from our leasing metrics that's consistent of what we do across our - the agreement we have with our - the other logistics around metrics. So that is what's happening is if you're looking at turnover costs, it's the higher mix of new leasing versus renewals. We saw that in Q3, we saw in Q4 and that is what is driving turnover costs slightly higher this quarter and same story last quarter. And then regarding economics, I wouldn't look at - yeah, we did see space sizes under 100,000 square feet and it actually went up 100 basis points. But I wouldn't look at the other segments they are quite strong. I think that's just some activity that happened at quarter end and its noise and all segments are doing quite well.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think our private capital business continues to be undervalued by the street. All you got to do is look at the comps of publicly traded investment management firms and once you consider the fact that well over 90% of our assets are in infinite life vehicles and they generate significant promotes from time to time, and that our margins keep on increasing. I think that multiple should be in the low 20s. But I think most of the NAV models that I see are in the low teens or maybe even 10. So I think the street continues so undervalue that business. Would it be worth more if we crystallize that value in a trans - very specific transaction? Sure. But is it worth the headache on a company that has a $140 billion of assets to move around the value by $0.50 or bucket share? Probably not. So, we think there is upside to our NAV from our Investment Management business.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, the only thing I can think of is that we deferred some starts immediately when COVID hit, because we didn't know what kind of environment we were in. But we've essentially restarted most if not all of those things and will be restarting them. So I think we just got that pushed out, but the volume that's behind it is very significant. So I would say the total level of stabilizations will be increased in the next couple of years beyond what it would have been and what our expectations would have been certainly at the beginning of COVID. But I would say even more than our expectations at the beginning of the year - beginning of last year prior to COVID.
Hamid Moghadam: It could, but I think what's going on in New York and elsewhere is that there is a lot of price discovery, nobody really knows what the ability to pay is for some of these customers and in all of these locations, we underestimated the rental value. So at least for the time being, all the price discovery has been good and the other thing you should take into account is that in these infill locations, you've got to have a lot of developers, but you're not going to have a lot more land or buildings that can be rehabilitated. So I think you'll see it in terms of pressure on pricing of those assets, more than you would see on absolute supply because the supply is pretty inelastic aspects and will show up in price.
Hamid Moghadam: So all of the above. Let me give you a quick answer and Gene will fill in the blanks. We are not good buyers of core real estate auction by a brokerage house where there are 55 people showing up at the margin, a lot of these people have to build up their industrial capability and everybody is trying to get into that business because the other property types don't offer very many opportunities. So, those kind of just looking it out on price, is not our business. So that means that building out our land bank, doing value-added acquisitions where we can bring our leasing and operational expertise to the table, deals that are Hairy, et cetera, et cetera, but general framework for looking at deals is returns, how we can differentiate and have a competitive advantage and also in the case of portfolio deals, what that fit is if we have to buy 100 buildings and sell 90 of them, that's probably not a very attractive transaction for us. So the other thing I would just mention is that you meant - you posed the question in a sense that we're only going after big deals. We do a lot of $5 million only deals too, they just don't show up. So we're there looking at pretty much everything that moves out there and we're there with offers on most if not all of the ones that meet our quality standards, but thankfully in a lot of those core situations, we lose. So we're good with that. We're on the selling side of the lot of those transactions as well.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, on the pace of sales, we mentioned with our need for capital - we're - depending on how you measure it 19%-20% levered. So we don't want to dilute ourselves and those assets are doing nothing other than appreciating. So we'll be - we'll take our time with respect to selling the industrial assets and we'll match them with our capital needs, self-funding model. With respect to the Bay Area, my general comment and Gene may want to say more about this is that the Bay Area is soft. There is no question that the Bay Area - after almost a decade of straight lineup has gotten pretty hit - pretty hard in this downturn. So I would say it is softer than LA in a big way and - but the good news is that there has been so much rental appreciation that even as these leases expire, we still in many cases are rolling them up to market, to market is just not as high as it would have been say a year ago.
Hamid Moghadam: One other thing I would say about the Bay Area. I think the number is 10 million square feet, maybe 12 million square feet has been taken out of supply in the last five years or so, and that trend continues because we're competing land uses just gobble up industrial. So actually it's one of those markets where supply in the core Bay Area submarkets is actually going down. It's been converted to - life science has been converted to apartments, all kinds of other things.
Hamid Moghadam: We got a new team in place in China that has been very aggressive in leasing space and the vast majority of our expect vacancy in China was our vacancy in the company in the spec basis was in China and we're addressing that. And the new team is doing a fabulous job.
Hamid Moghadam: Look I think all of the markets that you mentioned were running so far above trend for a decade and that had created so many imbalances that I actually think it's pretty good to take a breather for some of those markets. No, I don't really think California's falling into the ocean. There are a lot of people in the middle of the country cheering for that, but it's not going to happen. I mean just look at the last quarter, you've had - look at the market cap that's been created in this area, it's probably more than it's been created in the decade in some of those markets. So, no, I don't think - so the numbers are actually pretty interesting if you look at the overall California numbers. I don't have them specifically for the Bay Area, but this year - and the way they measure it's a June 30, year-end, but in the year ended June 30, you had 260,000 people move out of California that compares to the year before like a more normal year about 230,000 people. So there is always this churning that happened but all of that is that 0.5% of the total population of California and you still have internal growth. So, California is still growing, it's just not growing at the same pace as it was before. And I think some of the outflows have to do with temporary work from home kind of situations. We don't expect all of those things to last forever, so you'll have some people coming back to California. I think, housing prices have moderated, certainly on the rental side. So, yeah, I think California's softer than it's been, but it's been on such a tear that it would have had to come to some kind of a moderation and it has.
Hamid Moghadam: I think our underwriting has moved down with the required returns have moved down in the same direction as the weighted average cost of capital has moved down, I mean capital market returns are lower. So real estate returns are lower as well. What we really look at is relative value and in a lot of the situations, the way that the money coming into the industrial sector has created the situation where good assets and bad assets or not so great assets. The yield is compressing between the two and people just want to pick that industrial box. So a lot of those people also tend to be leveraged buyer is in which they can take better advantage of those lower rates. So, but the way we underwrite the assets in terms of quality and the ability of those assets to compete in the marketplace that has never changed. That's the primary filter, but obviously because of higher rents and lower cap rates pricing has changed.
Hamid Moghadam: In USLV is our venture with Norges actually they're both our ventures with Norges and our deal with them was that we would have - be 50/50 partners. And we have certain rights that sell down to 20% in one of those ventures and but no, we like it, it's been a good investment and we continue to hold it and we've got plenty of capital coming from other places - mostly disposition. So we haven't tapped that source for capital. It's there if we need it, but I don't think we're going to need it for quite some time. We can sell fund out of the non-strategic dispositions and also our contributions.
Hamid Moghadam: I think labor shortage of labor is, you weren't coming through perfectly, clearly, but I think your question was, is labor continuing to be a constraint. The answer is yes, pretty much everywhere. And so, I was really surprised frankly when I heard from our large customers, I think back in April and May in the early stages of COVID relatively early stages of COVID. That labor continues to be the number one, number two and number three problem. I thought it would have moderated given the downturn and the unemployment rate. And the key in that calculus is quality of labor. So we've taken a lot of steps as you know with our community workforce initiatives to try to address that for our customers. But no matter how hard we work or how large that initiative get. It's not going to even begin to make a dent in the problem that we have. Are there geographical differences from place-to-place for sure, but those geographical differences have already adjusted. Because people don't put their warehouses in places where there is no labor whatsoever. They put it in places where there is labor but there just not as much labor as they would like. So they're all competing with one another and the turnover rate in that kind of labor is very high, it's about 40% a year. So people move for relatively small changes in compensation than environment and customers are paying more attention to environment and all those amenities that can really be more attractive to labor in addition to paying more.
Hamid Moghadam: Well Jamie, I don't know what papers you're referring to. But we've been buying urban land in terms of covered land place for at least seven or eight years in a pretty steady basis. So we've been at this business for a long time and we're broadening it in certain markets, but now we've been after it for quite some time and it's not just in the U.S. also in Europe. We're buying those covered land place and those can be either leased as staging areas. You can get very good returns on those, while you wait for the market or rents or entitlements to convert them to industrial land. We don't have a multi-storey strategy specifically, we have an infill strategy and that infill strategy drives you to multi-storey in certain locations with certain land economics, but there is nothing in our business plan. That says thou shall build three multi-storey building this year. I mean and we were very opportunistic in that sense.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, and if I can jump at the end of that. I didn't answer part of Jamie's question about retail conversions, once you have our latest thinking in that and Chris's paper. So I don't have a whole lot to add to that. I think you will see more headlines about that than actual space converted, but you will see some space converted. So, for a variety of reasons that you can read about in the paper.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, that view hasn't changed it's about $3.5 billion still. Of that $3.5 billion, if I remember correctly, about $700 million of it is not logistics and - well put it this way, it's an office - it's a suburban office, we sold some of that. The only thing that really remains on that front is the downtown Philly assets leased to Comcast. So the rest of the assets that are available for sale are just straight up industrial. And these assets would be considered in the top, I don't know 25% of most portfolios out there. It's just that they don't quite meet our standards. But they're perfectly fine assets and they're appreciating and as you've heard. I think Tom mentioned that even on the non-industrial ones we picked up 18% more value than we underwrote. So on industrial I think we're even going to do better than that. It's just no sense of - we could sell that at a really high price right now, but if the capital is sitting around not doing anything, we'll give a bunch of it back in terms of dilution. So we're going to be patient with that. John, that was the last question so again, everyone thank you for being on our call and we look forward to talking to you during the course of the coming quarter. Take care.
