Mark Denien: Thanks, Jim. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO per share was $0.31 for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $0.30 per share for the second quarter of 2016, and $0.29 per share for the third quarter of 2015. The increase in core FFO per share is due to our continued improvement in key operating statistics that Jim just touched on, as well as lower interest expense that resulted from our deleveraging activities over the last several quarters. AFFO for the quarter totaled $103 million, which was a 7.6% increase from the $95 million in AFFO reported last quarter. Our high quality portfolio continues to produce positive AFFO growth and we’re still comfortable with our original full year guidance of AFFO growth on a share adjusted basis of approximately 5%. In the equity capital markets, we issued $3.7 million shares under our ATM program in August and September for net proceeds of $103 million at an average issue price of $28.07 per share. In considering our share price relative to net asset value, the increases in our development pipeline that Jim previously mentioned along with our growing list of future prospects, we determined that prudent to use our ATM pre-funds development. We now raised all the capital necessary to fund the current pipeline as well as the next couple of quarter’s works of expected development starts from a few others on our prospect list and have less than $80 million of debt maturities through 2017. Our recent de-levering transactions have significantly strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in ongoing reductions to interest expense. Along these lines, I’m pleased to note that in early October, Fitch Ratings upgraded our senior unsecured credit rating from BBB to BBB plus with a stable outlook. All of these capital transactions coupled with our operational performance, resulted in improvements to our key financial metrics during the quarter. We expect to see further improvement during the remainder of the year resulting from disposition transactions and highly leased development properties being placed in service. This is reflected in our revised guidance. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Jim.
Mark Denien: Yeah, Tom, this is Mark. We in our effort can try to provide enhanced and better guidance for everybody. We’ll admit we inadvertently kind of omitted that. So we’ll work on this page for the future and get that back in. But I would tell you two things on that. The medical office piece is just a small piece of the overall pie. It really doesn’t move the needle. So if you look, for example, the third quarter number of 19.3% that’s right about what the bulk was. We only had just a few thousand square feet, 23,000 square feet of medical deals signed in the quarter compared to 2 million square feet on the industrial side. So the medical is just not moving that overall numbers. So the overall numbers pretty closely industrial, I would tell you the medical is probably slightly lower than that and it was just a mix, but nothing now the ordinary there.
Mark Denien: Yeah. We’re probably seeing the same things most or overall. But I would tell you the reason, we have ours – that we raised it is really related to a joint venture transaction that we planned on executing here. So in some existing relationship we have, we already have a part ownership in these assets and we’re just going to take our partner out this quarter. So that’s where most of that fourth quarter activity is going to come from.
Mark Denien: Yeah. It’s a pre-negotiated cap rate, Manny. I won’t disclose it individually, but I would tell you that we believe it’s a cap rates or it’s in a yield, it’s in excess of the cap rate. So we think that there is a – some good value there that we’re buying.
Mark Denien: Yeah, I would tell you it’s really all the above. It’s just overall better quality leases. We’re getting as good or better bumps, we’re getting better starting rents. It’s really all the above. It’s not really lease vintage driven, if you will. We’re doing about a third of the leases right now that are rolling or what I consider to be in the trough period. That’s about the same percentage we were running at last year. The overall amount of leases rolling are getting smaller, because their overall expiration schedule is pretty light. But as far as the percentage of the leases rolling, the vintage of them are pretty consistent from 2015 to 2016. So, that doubled the increase, if you will, and that net effective rent growth is really just overall rent growth that we are driving, whether it be starting rent, or rent bumps, or truly all the above.
Mark Denien: I would say that really nothing in what we reported. There maybe a little drag in the fourth quarter, because we’re sitting on cash in October until we can get that redeployed in the bonds that we bought back just last week in our development pipeline. So you may be looking at a penny drag in the fourth quarter, but it really didn’t have any impact on the numbers we reported, nor would I say it would have an impact as we look forward to next year because it will all be fully redeployed by then. And then as far as the leverage metrics that we are at, I would tell you that they’re a little bit low because of raising the capital that we did in the third quarter to prefund. So, as an example, that debt-to-EBITDA number really close to 5.0. As we look out in the 2017, we’ll probably be closer into the mid-5s. We won’t need to raise any additional capital to fund all of this that I – like I talked about. So that leverage metrics will naturally move up closer to the mid-5s. But I would also point out that without any additional delivering, fixed charge will continue to get better because we have high coupon debt that continues to burn off. So, fixed charge will get better and debt-to-EBITDA will be kind of in the mid-5s.
Mark Denien: Well, Jamie, I don’t think we’re, at this point in the year, we are not planning to create any additional noise next year. I think the bulk of the heavy lifting will be done. I think we’ve really positioned the company to grow. And I think that’s really what we’re focused on as we start to look forward to 2017.
Mark Denien: Yeah, Blaine, I mean, obviously we’ll give a little bit better color on that again everyone to give our guidance for 2017. But I would tell you that if you just look at where we are today and where we think we’re going to be closing out 2016, about half of our same-property growth is coming right now from rent bumps and rent growth on rollovers. I think that is very sustainable as we look forward, because we’ve got rent bumps filled into really all of our leases. I think we are very bullish in our ability to continue to drive rental rate growth on rollover. So that that half of what we get, or getting right now, I think we feel very comfortable about that going forward. You’re exactly right on the occupancy piece. If you look right now, the remaining half of that same property growth, a good chunk of that is occupancy related. And it is going to be tough to continue to drive occupancy up, and like Jim even mentioned, I think, if we were to bet something right now, we may bet that it may tick back just a little bit, at least early in the year, next year. So let’s just call it out flat and then you got to look at just efficiencies in your portfolio and where you can drive those. So that’s a long-winded answer for San. I think, we’re still very positive in our ability to drive same property growth, maybe not at today’s level. But I will caveat all that by reminding everybody that we don’t put properties in our same property pool, until they’ve been in our population for 24 whole months. So we believe we have just as much NOI upside if you look at total NOI growth on all the properties that we’ve delivered and are going to deliver in our development pipeline. So I think that overall NOI growth can continuously look forward at about the same levels that we’re driving today.
Mark Denien: Yeah, Rich, I could probably answer now, but I may not answer it correctly. So let’s try to do that offline.
Mark Denien: Yeah, Ki Bin. I mean, like I had mentioned earlier, I think, we need to finish lowering our budget up for next year before we give guidance for next year on this number. I guess, my point there is I’m not giving guidance, I’m saying that I think it is difficult to imagine we can see this run rate next year. But somewhere, half of that give or take, I think we can get there, there is always efficiencies you can try to drive out your portfolio as well. We’ve done a good job at doing that, so that’s on top of the rent bumps, that’s on top of the rent growth. So it’s somewhere in that, call it close to 3% range give or take, I think, a pretty good baseline start out and then we’ll just see when we roll everything up how much north or south of that it is.
Mark Denien: No, not really Ki Bin, I’m mean, we’ve already really driven all the efficiencies out of G&A I think for the most part that we can. Most of the – any additional I should say cost savings that come out of the remaining dispositions we have are really sitting up in property NOI, it’ll be property level efficiencies that we have, what I would call the relatively slight increases we’ve had in G&A, the last couple of years are just kind of what I call cost of being a public company, they’re just raising greater than inflation. I would point out that if you look at our G&A load relative to probably any of our peers, one of the metrics we look at is, G&A is a percentage of gross revenues or G&A is a percentage of gross assets. While I’d acknowledge our G&A has increased a little bit over the last couple of years, I’d still put us best in class.
Mark Denien: No. We don’t really calculate that Ki Bin. I would tell you it’s probably less than half. Because the GAAP lease spreads, the lease term matters, so if you got a five-year lease, you may have to divide that number by five even.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Mark. In review of the year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year, yesterday we raised the low-end of guidance for core FFO by $0.02 per share, narrowing the 2016 range to $1.18 to $1.20 per share, and affectively raising the midpoint by $0.01. Given the strong outlook on our development pipeline, we raised the development guidance to a range of $650 million to $750 million, up $125 million from the previous midpoint. Also due to continued overall strong operating fundaments, we raised our same property NOI growth guidance from a range of 5.2% to 6%, up about 70 basis points from the previous midpoint. Finally, given our capital recycling activities and recent debt pay downs, we changed the guidance for all three leverage metrics in a positive direction. We believe these improved leverage metrics put us firmly in position for a continued ratings upgrades in the near future. As noted in yesterday’s earnings release, the full details on revisions to certain guidance factors can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website as well as on the back page of our quarterly supplemental. Let me reemphasize once again how proud we are to have the company repositioned with a rock solid balance sheet, a low AFFO payout ratio and positioned to support raising the regular quarterly common dividend by 5.6%. Now, we’ll open the lines up to the audience, and I would ask that participants keep the dialogue to one question or perhaps two very short questions, and you are, of course, welcome to get back in the queue. Thank you.
Jim Connor: Well, I think, we’d be more confident today, just given the surprisingly strong numbers that we’ve seen year-to-date from both the demand and the supply side. I think it was particularly interesting that that spec deliveries in the quarter were actually down quarter-over-quarter by about 15%. And there has been some speculation that Fed has tighten the reigns a little bit on the money center and regional banks on construction lending, so that that was going to perhaps put a crimp in some of the local developers that were developing spec projects. I don’t know if we’ve really seen that come to pass. But I would tell you sitting here today, we’re very confident given the track record we’ve had in getting this space leased. And I think you see that by the fact that we announced four spec projects last quarter.
Jim Connor: Well, Jeremy, that’s – we’re in a really interesting time. I would tell you that I see the final terms of all of the major deals that we’re doing. And I would tell you, I’m comfortable. I think that’s backed up by 19% rent growth for the quarter. So, yeah, we’re comfortable where it is. I think it’s a reasonable to expect that that’s going to come down. I think we could come down 100 basis points and we’d still be in a very, very good spot. I don’t anticipate that that’s going to happen, because given the volume of leasing that we’re seeing out there. I just think it’s very unlikely that we’ll have an off quarter or two, where we’ll bring a bunch of spec projects in, that aren’t substantially pre-leased. And I think we’re seeing great renewal activity in our portfolio. So, we’re not anticipating getting any major vacancies backed this year or early next year that we can handle with our normal leasing volume.
Jim Connor: E-com – I’ll answer the second question first, Jeremy. E-commerce continues to be a very big driver of our business both on the leasing and on the development side. And you just think about it logically, we positioned the company, particularly the industrial portfolio, focused on the modern large bulk products and that’s what e-commerce users need today. With the exception of some of the smaller infill last mile, which we’re doing a little bit of most of the fulfillment centers today we’re looking at are 800 square feet to 1.2 million square feet that brand new state-of-the-art 36 foot and 40 foot clear and that’s really in our sweet spot. So, we’ll continue to do a lot of business with the e-commerce companies and they will continue to be a great driver of our business.
Jim Connor: Yeah, Mike, the only point I would add to that is and you touched on it in your question as lease term. Two things, the more really large deals we do, always tend to have longer terms, 10-year and 15-year lease terms. So that clearly helps there. The other side of it is with our portfolio is well leased as it is, we are doing very, very few short-term leases. Historically, it’s not uncommon to get a tenant to come to us and say, I’m just not really sure what my business is going to do, I want to renew for 12 months or I want to renew for 18 months. And the truth is, we’re not doing very many of those leases. Today, kind of the short-term for us is three years and we’re really looking a lot of tenants up for the longer term, while we’ve got some leverage, so we can push rents and escalation. So, I think it’s all of those things but that’s one point I wanted to add.
Jim Connor: No, guys, it’s not too good. You know, it’s good, you should enjoy it. Well, let me take your first question about 2017. Sitting here, kind of towards the end of October, I would tell you we feel fairly optimistic about 2017. There is nothing in the macro drivers of the industrial business, so called storm clouds on the horizon that would really give you pause. We’ve been in a slow growth market, but that’s been really good for the industrial business. Consumer confidence is still up, although as I referenced earlier in my earlier comments the transportation indices are a little inconsistent, but by and large, they are all reasonably positive. I think we look at the, particularly the supply and demand equilibrium in the marketplace. I think that we’ve had a fundamental change in the industrial business that is here for the foreseeable future, which is e-commerce. And if you look at the pace at which e-commerce is growing and the amount of space they need to support that business and most of that is in the form of new big boxes. I think we’re positioned very, very well for the future. In terms of what worries us in the future, I would tell you it’s not the U.S. and it’s not real estate. I think you got to go global macro to anticipate anything that could really put the U.S. economy in a bad spot or have some really negative trickle over into our market right now. But thankfully we don’t see that right now. So we’re fairly optimistic.
Jim Connor: Sure. I’ll give you a couple of data points. First of all, that’s a business we are in and we have been in for many years. And it probably doesn’t get talked about enough and that’s our fault. But Duke has a long track record of redevelopment, brownfield redevelopment, we’ve done a number of these projects in major metropolitan areas all over the country. So we do that, we’re doing business with some of our favorite e-commerce companies, and some of our transportation and 3PL companies right now. So, A, we are addressing that business. The second point is the last mile, which has gotten a lot of attention our industry of late is really fairly small. If you look at and do research on Amazon, for example, They have about two million square feet of these last mile facilities. They average about 50,000 square feet or 60,000 square feet a piece, right. They have 70 million square feet, a fulfillment center. And you need the fulfillment centers to drive this huge volume, I mean this is a company that has 30% market share of the e-commerce business in the U.S., it is growing at 15% or 16% a year. They’re not going to be able to keep up that growth by focusing on 50,000 square foot in-fill, that’s just really small piece of the equation. You look at the number of projects that they have in the pipeline, that are debated out there in the different public forum, they have twice as many of these major fulfillment centers, which average about one million square feet as compared to the number of the last mile. So, it’s an important piece of their business and it’s important piece of e-commerce going forward. But, quite candidly, it’s just not going to move the needle.
Jim Connor: Blaine, if you got one, call me afterwards, we’ll work on the deal. No, guys, the truth is we look at every deal that comes down the pipeline, every deal. And, the ones that we talked about in this last quarter, it’s a combination of the quality of the portfolio, the location of the real estate and the pricing. And all the ones that we looked at, we passed on for a variety of reasons. If the right portfolio came along, if it was, particularly, if it was heavily weighted into the markets that we want to grow in, we know what a reasonable price is. I think we’d certainly try and be willing to pay up for that. And given where our stock has been trading and our balance sheet, I think, our currency is strong and we’ve got the ability to stretch. So when we find the right one, I think, we’ll certainly be – we’ll certainly try and make it happen. We just haven’t found the right thing. And it’s like you tell your kids, just because you got money in your pocket doesn’t mean you got to go spend it.
Jim Connor: Yeah. Eric, I would answer that in a couple of ways. We’ve seen over the last few years, a handful of markets get, what I would call maybe slightly over built , and that the beauty of the markets today is how efficiently they are operating and you can look at, we’ve talked about over the last number of quarters, we’ve talked about Indianapolis, we’ve talked about Houston, we’ve talked about Columbus. And anytime those markets got slightly out of balance, all developers took their foot off the accelerator, we waited for demand to come back, which it has in all of those instances. So, I think from a macro level, the market is operating very efficiently. Yeah, you look at some of the numbers, we were having the same conversation probably a year ago, about Dallas, when Dallas was pushing I don’t know 25 million square feet of speculative. Dallas is on track to do 20 million square feet of net absorption this year. So, Chicago and Atlanta have kind of joined that club, but they’re both having really strong quarters of absorption and the amount of activity that we’ve got is evidence by that 600,000 foot lease in our Camp Creek Park, is very, very strong. So, I don’t see any, real warning clouds, there is a lot of activity out there to cover this spec development.
Jim Connor: Yeah. There might be one of those in there, that’s got a little bit higher basis and a little bit more in-fill specialty use to it. Obviously, it’s early we can’t give you specifics on each individual deal, I think we’ll get into more specifics next quarter, when we announce everything, but there is one project there that’s probably skewing the other two a little bit.
Jim Connor: So, let me try that John. I think tried nowhere you’re going here. So, if you look – if you’re talking about from 2015 to 2016 levels, not revised guidance, right, I assume that’s what you mean.
Jim Connor: Yeah. So, early service operations are declining because we’re taking all of our development expertise and we’re building more buildings for ourselves rather than building buildings for third-parties. It’s not really directly correlated with G&A either, I’ve seeing there’s not some correlation. But it’s really just a change in focus, we’re now on pace to do $700 million give or take a development this year for our own account. We haven’t staffed up to any measurable level on our people. So, what that means is we’re just doing less lower margin third-party projects, because we can do projects for ourselves. So, that’s why service officers going down, that’s really just a focus from third-party work to wholly-owned. And in G&A is actually if you look at G&A, it’s not as much, we were $51 million last year, a bit quite of our range this year is $53 million, that’s really just the lovely cost of our government and being a public company. It’s not really any inefficiencies or anything like that, it’s just increased SECBs and things like that.
Jim Connor: Sorry John, I choked a little bit there. No, we have worked really, really hard over the last four years, five years to get the inventory down to the level it is, it’s actually under $350 million right now. We believe we can run this business through cycle with between $350 million and $400 million of land held for development and it’s really we’ve changed the culture on how we approach land. We are not buying it in 500 acre chunks and controlling it for 10 years, we’re buying it in smaller pieces. We’re focused on putting it in to production much more quickly. So I think, it’s taken us a while to get there, but we are certainly in no hurry to get back, and I think you’ll see us continue to stay in that $350 million to $400 million range.
Jim Connor: Well, Rich, I think we can all reflect back on what the market look like in 2007 and 2008, and there were – there were comparable levels of supply coming on the market. It was much less preleased. So the entire market had much more spec risk out there. And I don’t have the numbers right off the top of my head. But I would going for memory, I think we were 10% or 15% preleased as an industry last time. And now we’re in the 35% or 40% range. So I think that’s one of the factors that we look at. The fact that demand has continued to outpace supply, and I think the fundamental difference this time and we’ve been talking about it on last several calls is e-commerce and the changes that has fundamentally may do our business. You could step back and look at all kinds of projections and forecasts out there for that side of the business. The most conservative ones I’ve seen have it growing at 8% to 10% a year. The more aggressive ones are 15% to 18% a year. So I think that bodes very, very well for us. But on the outside, we’re looking at the supply demand fundamentals, both from a macro perspective and a local perspective, and even when you get to a local perspective we’re drilling down into specific submarkets. And then we’re looking at our portfolio. We’ve committed to you guys and our investors that we’re going to keep our development pipeline, whatever size it is, at least 50% preleased. We’re going to manage our risk much better this time. And some people have from time-to-time, but a little critical and said we might be leaving some opportunity at the table and if that’s the case, so be it. And we continued to perform very well and keeping that prelease percentage up and today the pipelines at roughly 58% and I think in actuality, that maybe go up in the fourth quarter, given the build-to-suit volume compared to the timing on some spec projects, but that remains to be seen a little bit. So that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it and what the things that we’re trying to manage.
Jim Connor: Yeah. I mean I would say, we think the floor is 50% and in the last I think three years, we dipped below that one-time and I want to – I made a point of telling you guys a quarter in advance that it was going to happen and why. And in that particular case, it was simply just the timing from one quarter to the next of a number of spec projects and yeah, a lot of the markets that we deal in you can’t build in 12 months a year, you can do that in Texas and you can do that in Florida, but in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and Chicago, you can only build about nine months a year or so. There is some of those instances. But yeah, the magic number for us is 50% that we’re trying to stay above.
Jim Connor: Well, Eric, that’s just the last we talking about our stock price like that. No, I’m just kidding. Yeah, I think we can always recycle assets. I think, as I alluded to earlier, we’d like where the portfolio is. We’ve done obviously all of the heavy lifting as it relates to the office portfolio, but we’ve also harvested some gains, we’ve sold a couple of Amazon buildings, we’ve liquidated a couple of joint ventures. We’ve proven some industrial assets here and there. So, if we need to, we can certainly look at that as an opportunity to raise capital. Sitting here today, Mark will tell you we’ve got the vast majority of our development and borrowings for the next year, pretty well covered. So, even if we don’t like where the price is from an equity perspective, I think we’re pretty well covered next year.
Jim Connor: Thanks, Hart. I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to reconvening during our fourth quarter call, tenderly scheduled for January 26, 2017 and hope to see you many of you at May REIT next month. Thank you.
