Thomas Olinger: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning and thanks for joining our fourth quarter earnings call. Our format today will be different than previous calls. I will cover highlight for the quarter and guidance for 2017 and then I'll turn the call over to Hamid who will put this quarter's performance in the context of the recent past and our future outlook. We had an excellent quarter in an outstanding 2016. Core FFO was $0.63 per share for the quarter and $2.57 per share for the year. This is an increase of 15% over 2015 and consistent with our three-year CAGR of 16%. We earned promotes of $0.01 and $0.15 per share for the year. Excluding promotes Core FFO was up 11%. For the full year we leased over 180 million square feet as demand for our best-in-class portfolio remains strong. Our properties are located in major population centers where consumption is concentrated and proximity to consumers has never been more critical to supply chain. Global occupancy reached an all-time high of 97.1% Europe also achieved record occupancy at 96.7%. Our share net effective rent change on rollover was 16%. The U.S. led the way it over 23% the fourth consecutive quarter above the 20%. Notably the U.K. was also above 20% rent change for the second consecutive quarter. Our share net effective same store NOI growth was 3.2% for the quarter and 5.6% for the full year. On the deployment front we had another very productive year creating significant value for shareholders. Development stabilization had an estimated margin of 27% and value creation of over $570 million. Development starts had an estimated margin of over 20% and our net deployment activity generated surplus cash of $1.4 billion. Let's spend a moment on our financial position. We achieved our goal of having one of the top balance sheets in the REIT sector. The rating upgrades of A3 and A- in the quarter are acknowledgment of our prudent financial management and balance sheet strength. Our look through leverage at year-end was 27.1% on market capitalization and 34.6% on a book basis. Debt to EBITDA including gains was 4.7 times and our liquidity was over $4 billion. We remain well positioned to self fund our future employment. We also continue to be well protected from foreign currency movements as we ended the year with 92% of our net equity in U.S. dollars. The bottom line is our balance sheet and liquidity have never been stronger. Moving to 2017 I’ll cover a few guidance highlights on our share basis so for complete detail refer to Page 5 of our supplemental. We continue to expect net effective same store NOI growth of between 4% and 5%. As discussed at our Investor Day are in-place leases are about 12% under rented and this will be the primary driver of same-store growth going forward. Our share cash same-store NOI should be higher than net affected by 5200 basis points for the year. Our development starts are consistent with 2016 levels. However our disposition volume is as much lower as we sold the vast majority of our nonstrategic assets. Going forward you will see a contribution and disposition activity in line with development levels, as we continue to self fund. I want to point out that as a result of the significant amount of cash at year-end, there will be a slight drag on Core FFO of $0.02 to $0.03 per share on the first quarter given the timing of putting the capital back to work. Related to FX, our 2017 estimated core FFO was effectively fully hedged relative to the U.S. dollar and we've already hedged most of 2018. For net G&A we're forecasting a range of $210 million to $220 million down 3% at the midpoint from last year as we continue to become more efficient. For strategic capital I want to highlight that there will be a timing mismatch throughout the year between one that promote revenue is recognized in the second quarter and when all the related promote expenses are reflected. However we continue to expect net promote income for the full year 2017 of between $0.06 and $0.08 a share. Putting this all together 2017 Core FFO including promotes will range between $2.60 and $2.70 per share. Excluding promotes our Core FFO at the midpoint is 7% higher year-over-year. In closing we had an excellent year we entered 2017 with terrific momentum and the business keeps getting simpler as evidenced by the brevity of my remarks as you've heard guidance is unchanged from what we provided at our November Investor Day. However I would say the overall outlook for a business today is more positive particularly in Europe. While we are mindful of potential political and regulatory changes we remain confident given our best-in-class portfolio, balance sheet strength and liquidity and durable NOI growth. And with that I'll turn it over Hamid.
Thomas Olinger: No its consistent again as Hamid said we had little role this quarter it's pretty seasonal that we go into Q4 with pretty minimal role and that was the big driver but we certainly don't see any change in the customer behavior, customer activity, customer decision-making all of that quite frankly is tracking better than what we but we would laid out to you guys in November.
Thomas Olinger: Hi Craig this is Tom, so you’re right - in this quarter the sequential decline was driven number one just lower occupancy in the same store pool if you look to Q3 to Q4 so there's about a 50 basis points lower benefit of occupancy and the second thing would be as you alluded to recovery revenue timing. So there all one-time timing issues that we look into 2017 we see occupancy the levels very consistent year-over-year so the big driver same-store is all about rent change and to put those numbers in context of our guidance of that 4% to 5% range we feel very, very good about that guidance range and if you think about very similar rent change on roll year-over-year about 17.5% and you put that on 22.5% roll you what to contractual role plus is some pulling leases forward very consistent with what we’ve done in the prior-year that gets you right about 4% and when you look at expense leverage and you look at indexation remember we get the benefit of indexation particularly in places like Europe. That all adds up to another 50 basis points. So that puts you right in the middle of our guidance range for 2017.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing I would add to all of that is that when we look at our development volume for 2017 at this time of the year, you guys should know about 90% of that is baked in. So really at the end of the day what our development volume does on the margin in the back $100 million, $200 million of it if weather stuff flips into December or January of next year and we don’t do on natural things to meet guidance in that regard, let just be clear about that. For example couple I think three of our 2016 built-to-suit we’ve just done in the first couple of weeks of 2017. And if we have done them in 2016 we were blown through the top of our guidance range. So we don’t really play those kinds of timing games and we let those things happen when they do. I mean we're going to spend the bunch of money dig into through the snow to start a building to call it a start if it doesn’t make sense to do that.
Thomas Olinger: Neil, let me just share sort of our base case, I mean we've basically got an up arrow on Europe today and if you just look at what's happening on the ground, this quarter Europe again up 60 basis points. And the big gains actually came in our weaker I would say regions, Southern Europe which is trending up to 95.5% occupied and Central and Eastern Europe which trended up to 96.5% occupied. The other place where we made gains is another place that we are struggling less than hundred thousand square foot basis. Again we went up by 240 basis points up to 93% occupied today. We've had four quarters of positive rental change. And as Hamid mentioned earlier we're expecting a cap rates moderate, so our view is that rents are going to continue to increase. So that sort of our forward forecast our expectation for the next several years, our expectation is that you are going to see a tail end.
Thomas Olinger: That's been capacity - we have stopped trying to raising funds as long as we have uninvested funds and queues and as we work down those funds we'll go raise somewhere on a capital. It's not a real issue, I mean we will raise capital when we need to invest capital, when there is deployment opportunities.
Thomas Olinger: We actually reduced our share in our funds and allowed some of the accused invest in our funds as a way of satisfying those kits.
Hamid Moghadam: Our outlook for supplying this year was that supply and demand this year meaning this past year 2016 was that they were going to be at the same level in the low 200 million square-foot range in the U.S. and about 70 million feet in Europe. And actually we were surprised because demand ended up being more like 260 million feet and supply ended up being 180 million feet. So we continue to deficit in supply that has persisted since the recovery. So again this year in 2017 we're calling for low $200 million square feet of supply and demand. We're expecting those two to be about the same which is by the way great because at 56% overall vacancy and at defective vacancy in the kind of product that we traffic in being in the 34% range in most markets, I think that’s in very, very healthy situation. So we're calling for supply and demand to equalize, let’s say we're off let's say supply ends up being 20 million, 30 million feet more across the base that won't even register on the vacancy rate. So I think people are just overly focused on that issue. Fundamentally I think financial the banking system for encouraging undisciplined development has changed. Now something changes in the political and regulatory environment where the banks will go nuts again that's the new ballgame but I don't see that just yet and I don't think those regulations are just U.S. regulations, I think they are Basel III and the like that impose some discipline in the banking system. So it's good to keep an eye on supply I think it's been they clearly feel of the real estate business for as long as I remember. So please continue to ask about it, continue to be concerned about it but I don't think it's going to drive the performance of our business in the next couple of years.
Hamid Moghadam: Demand did not decelerate, we ran at its space to lease. And the reason retention is down as I have told you every quarter we're trying to drive around. So we would like our retention to be a little bit lower and for our rent growth on the margin benefit from that incremental rent growth. So nothing in the quarter surprise me Tom, do you have anything else.
Hamid Moghadam: Vincent, Europe is more of a build-to-suit market than the spec market anyway, so, yes, a lot of the development in Europe is going to be build-to-suit. And maybe Mike you want to talk about the flavor of our development activity and it's very much consistent with last year as the way I think about it but Mike…
Hamid Moghadam: I would add to Gene's comments that I think the combination of the currency which is well up to bottom the governance change that happened in Brazil. And the interest rate picture which is one of the few place in the world where interest rates are coming down. I think things will bode well for Brazil and I am bullish on Brazil going forward, it's not going to zoom and sort of add from here, but I think this is a pretty interesting entry point from both fundamental real estate valuation, and also currency valuation point of view.
Hamid Moghadam: Honest to goodness, we asked that question on a weekly basis of our people and the answer is no, no, no. I'll tell you what I hear it's not like we are being Pollyannish or sticking our head in the sand, it would be a pretty obvious concern and you guys are right to ask about it. But we haven't seen it in fact if we're doing our Analyst Day again today we would be slightly more positive, in the U.S. and a lot more positive in Europe. So the answer is no, we haven’t seen it.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think you are - on the last thing you're referring to PELP and ELV Alliance combining together. Look we have been on a strategy we're trying to simplify the number of different vehicles we have everywhere including Europe. And our goal is to get in each major arena in the U.S. and Europe to one major JVM, one major open-end fund and that's a goal. We made a good first step too in that direction here in Europe by combining PELP and Alliance. So that - and those two strategies were identical. Those two funds have the exact same strategy and it was a good thing for us as simplified our business. It was a good thing for Alliance because it allowed them to deploy more capital with us and to have a bigger vehicle and more diversified pull. So that one is done and with respect the demand for our funds, I would say in the U.S. we have a lot of demand from outside the U.S. for U.S. vehicles, including some new sources of capital that we have never seen before including some funds coming out of Japan through the pension system that is going through some changes in regulation and the like. It's early days for that but that's a new source of capital we've seen before. I think the U.S. funds are slowing down a little bit based on what I'm seeing on the margin because they are meeting their allocations by and large, but their allocations are always lagging because the denominator it keeps getting bigger, and so the allocations for next quarter are going to go upside. I don't expect that to be a meaningful slow down I think it's only at the margin. So the simple answer of your question would be no. There is a lot of interest for logistics product, high quality logistics product everywhere around the world. In fact we are kind of surprised by the amount of interest and there is low quality of logistics around the world. So, no we don’t see anything.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I think as I mentioned in my comments the last four, five years of projected rental growth have been pretty easy, we fell into a deep hole and just climbing out of that hole with replacement costs going up was what we thought 6% rental growth in the U.S. and then dumping 8% per year growth. Going forward I think rental growth is going to slow down because we're calling essentially for a market that’s plus or minus at the equilibrium in the U.S. and given the quality of the portfolio in our locations and the like, I think it's can be inflation plus type of rental growth. I think we've spoken to you guys about a 15% mark-to-market in the U.S. plus 3% growth beyond that in terms of market rent, I think will do better than that but we just had 3% for modeling purposes but I think we will in the near term do better than that, how much better than that I guess we're going to have to see. Europe is interesting, this is an important point I'm trying to communicate so please - this one is what we’re focusing on. There is going to be a time and we think that time is 2018, we’ll know for sure when we get there. While rental growth in Europe can exceed rental growth in the U.S. and that will drive same-store growth for Prologis beyond just our U.S. portfolio and I think that's a unique benefit that we have as a company. I mean we definitely separate the back part of the cycle by virtue of having a European drag on our performance, I think Europe can turn into a positive boost on performance from 2018 onwards. So that would be my commentary on rents.
Hamid Moghadam: And that would be LA, Dallas, Chicago and New Jersey. Those would be the four major markets that have a transshipment component to them. So if you’re going to focus on those, those are the markets to pay attention to.
Hamid Moghadam: So John, thank you for acknowledging that. I mean, just the brief history of land bank at Prologis. At the time of the merger the land bank was in the low 2s and the original cost of that land bank I think was in the mid-to high 3s. So we certainly started with a lot of land and it's not as if we haven't been buying land, we've been buying land good land during this period but we've been selling and monetizing more of it overtime. So our share of land is about $1.250 billion and our total land is about $1.4 billion or something like that on that order. Our goal is to get to two years of land that we own and given our pace of development and land as a percentage of total development cost, that argues for about $800 million our share and a $1 billion overall land bank across the board. It will take some time to get there because to be perfectly honest with you there is couple $100 million of land that is the lowest quality land we have, that's the least strategic land I would say 200 of that, that will take a long time for us to sell. So we got to kind of carry that, so think of our goal of 800 million of our share and a 1 billion overall as really being 1 billion and 1.2 billion for a while until we can work our way through that land. But it's a good market for selling land, it’s a good market for monetizing land, and we are getting much more efficient in terms of how middle land we need to support our $2.5ish billion development activity which is good.
Hamid Moghadam: The value of the land bank is Mexico City in Monterey, the acreage maybe in the border cities but the value of the land is in Mexico City in Monterey. And I would tell you there's a shortage of quality land in Mexico City, absorption and development has exceeded our expectations and actually rental growth in peso has been tremendous even throughout all this talk about that bad things happening to Mexico, the issue is that the currency has been week. So I would guard distinction between in land markets, consumer markets and the border markets. The border market yes, the acreage is high but the value of that land is not that much.
Hamid Moghadam: Michael we haven't been active acquires in quite some time. Our volume of acquisitions in 2016 was one of the lowest it's been. So I - we've been saying that cap rates are too low for a long time and we keep getting surprised that they go - keep going lower. One thing I will tell you about cap rates, I don't think they are at sensitive at least in the private market to interest rate movement as the public markets thinks they are. So you know the trade there's some talk of interest rates going up in REIT selloff and six months later they come roaring back. The private market is a lot less volatile with respect to those cap rates and our portfolios have been consistently selling in the marketplace add values that are in excess of our internal NAVs. In fact non-strategic asset sales which is mostly what we've been doing, there's been about a 5% surprise across the board for us compared to our internal carrying values. And this is the lowest quality portion of our portfolio. So we've been wrong and we've been surprised on cap rates being low and lower than what we think. What will happen in the future I think it's a function of how much interest rates do actually increase. Remember cap rates were about the same place that they have been, but interest rates are 250 to 300 basis points lower today than they were back in 2007. So there's nothing that says cap rates have to go up if 10 year treasury is get to 4% or something like that. So I don't know but so far we've had a declining cap rates in recent past as oppose to an increasing cap rate. 
Hamid Moghadam: The good thing about our business Neil is that nobody releases warehouse space because they like to do something fancy. They lease warehouse space because necessities of life go through warehouses. And I' don’t see people eating less food, less apparel or less toilet paper because of the politics of the country. I think the best recent example of that was Brexit, I mean there was all this brouhaha, but Brexit just killing demand in the U.K. and we're 99 point something leased in the U.K. and we had probably the best six month run in the U.K. that I can ever remember. So some of these things kind of don't follow conventional wisdom of the sky falling that, I don’t have any particular views on currency, but we run our business in a currency agnostic way, that's why we're 92% in U.S. dollars and that's why we hedged a year or two of earnings ahead of time because we don't - we're not in that business, we're not better than anybody else in predicting currency. But we run our business in a manner where we're in effect hedged against those kind of risks. So, I think as long as consumption continues in Europe and it is the world's largest market is 375 million people may be chopped up into smaller pieces, but those people are still there consuming regardless of what their politics are. I feel pretty good about Europe. 
Hamid Moghadam: No, nothing particularly, I think there is some level of conservatism in that number, I would expect as to probably be a little higher, but I think what's more important what drives NOI as you all know is average occupancy and average occupancy is what we expect to be very similar year-over-year.
Hamid Moghadam: I think 3D is an important technology and I think it will be really consistent with the automation and localized manufacturing. I think what people missed is that they think somehow 3D printing skips the supply chain, but the material that goes into 3D printing is got to come from somewhere and it needs its own supply chain. So I don't really think it really affects demand for industrial real estate in a major way. In fact because the supply chain will be less bulk for 3D printing, because 3D building is -- printing as oppose to mass production is about mass customization and more localized production. I think it requires a more complex supply chain.  So but I think it would be very difficult for 3D printing for most products to compete with the price of mass production particularly within the introduction of automation. So I think it's a great technology for innovation, for prototyping, but it's not really great technology for mass production. So that's our view of it. By the way it's not new 3D printing has been around for a long time. I remember actually in 1986 being at an MIT campus visit where they were actually printing models of cars that the kind that they used to make with clay models using layers of 3D printing laying down, I think the auto technologies is a lot for component and body manufacturing. So it's been around for long, long time. It's getting better all the time though.
Hamid Moghadam: Also there is a timing lag just between the redemption that we've done and just normal capital raising that that part of the cyclical nature of that.
Hamid Moghadam: So I think our European portfolio is really well-positioned, I mean we've spent a lot of time in an effort on cleaning up our European portfolio in last couple of years and I think it's really well-positioned and it's a solid. It's by far the best portfolio in Europe. So I think where extremely well-positioned to benefit from that. I think the lagging part of Europe if you’re going to pick on one place it's France and I think we're about to see some major political changes in France. So I think that will help our French portfolio, particularly Paris portfolio which has been lagging. That was the last question. So I really appreciate everyone's interest in the company and look forward to seeing you next quarter not sooner. Thank you.
