Hamid R. Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to keep my comments brief at a high level today. We had a great quarter, capping a very strong year. We are seeing strong improving market conditions pretty much around the world. The U.S. markets in particular, have been terrific with record absorption and very low levels of new construction. And against this backdrop, our business has been firing on pretty much all cylinders. Operations were strong with good rent and occupancy growth across the globe. Our development business ended the year with solid volumes and profit margins well ahead of long-term averages. We had a record year in strategic capital with 2 major new ventures, China and the U.S. both closing around year end. Looking forward, we have a very straightforward business plan based on rising rents, value creation through development and economies of scale from growth in AUM. In fact, if you were going to ask me about the prospects for our business compared to last September when we held our Analyst Day, I would have to say that we are well ahead of those expectations. Of course, there are always risks that we can't control such as yield politics, Capitol Hill, the Fed, undisciplined developers. But overall, we feel very good about our business going forward. Our team has worked very hard for the last 3 years to simplify our company and to build a solid foundation for growth. I believe we're at the beginning of a multiyear cycle when our hard work will pay off in terms of great results for our shareholders. Let me now turn it over to Tom and let him fill in some of the specifics for you.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Michael, if you don't mind. I'll take that again and remind you of my answer from last quarter. We -- the way we price these things is that the spot time when we're making decision to redeem and reissue at a longer maturity, we try to manage the present value of that entire activity within 1% of the debt amount. So that's up where we start. But the way it actually works is that you end up issuing immediately. But you end up redeeming with a lag. And by just dumb luck, every time we did it last year, interest rates went up in the interim, so actually we ended up instead of incurring a 1% cost, present value cost, we actually ended up ahead on a present value basis. So every transaction was present value positive. Now with respect to its impact on FFO and accounting, you're absolutely correct. That happened to be the accounting limit. But as you know, we don't have a lot to say about what the accounting treatment is. I can assure you that is not a criteria that we look at in making those kinds of decisions.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure, Jamie, the reason I threw it in is that I knew somebody would bring it up in the Q&A so I just wanted to get ahead of it. So here's what I really think. Developers have not forgotten how to build buildings and there are lots of them around. I don't think banks have forgotten how to lend to developers, although they're are a little bit more cautious at the beginning of this cycle. But I'm sure in time, with a couple of good quarters and years behind us, the banks will become less disciplined. So I don't think those are the real reasons why the development loans have been so low. I think the reasons are pretty simple. Their rents have not been there given what's happening to costs of land and costs of construction to develop profitably in many other markets in the U.S. And certainly, rents haven't been there to do any development in the smaller building category, because that sector has been pretty low in occupancy and depressed. And that accounts for a big chunk of the market, normally. Where you've seen development is places like L.A. and Houston and a few other markets where rents have been at the levels that justified new development. So I think -- this is actually good news. I think we'll see muted levels of development. We think development next year could be about around 100 million feet in the U.S. 110 million maybe. And we think absorption is going to be north of $200 million. The gap will be smaller than this year. But a hundred -- I'm sorry, all those dollars are square feet. The gap will be smaller. But still, 100 million square feet of gap is unheard of other than last year or 2, we haven't seen that in our entire career. So I think development is going to ramp up, because more and more markets will reach replacement cost rents. That's good news because if the rents actually get there, while there'll be more competition on the development side, I think we'll do a lot better in terms of capturing those rents. So we fully expect development to ramp up over time. But it'll still be a very good environment if you compare it to the last 30 years.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure. I mean, if you just look at our development margins, I think we've talked about this in previous quarters. If you sort of pick a number of 10% for build-to-suit and maybe 14%, 15% for a typical spec deal, given our mix, we should be in the 12%, 13% range and we're substantially higher than that, like 10 points higher than that depending on the quarter. So 10 points of extra margin is coming not because we're great developers, but because we've got cheap land. So 10% on land, which is usually 25% of the overall mix, you could argue, could be 30%, 40% undervaluation of land. Now nobody around here is courageous enough to step up and say our land is 30% or 40% undervalued. And certainly, not all of our land is valued that attractively. But I definitely do think we're around 20% undervalued in terms of book value and there's a big arrow north on that. And while we're on land, let me tell you. Based on what we're seeing in most markets, most of this land that's in our books is probably dates back to 2005 or something like that and went through the cycle and got impaired. So the next series of lands that are going to come up are going to be almost 10 years beyond when this land in the inventory was acquired. The world's really changed in terms of entitlement costs, in terms of what concrete costs and what exactions are and all that. So I think the next series of land that is put -- new land that comes into production is going to have a much, much higher cost than the old land. And that's why I'm so confident about replacement cost continuing to go up and rents alongside with it, and why I'm so optimistic that this development engine that everybody's scared about is not going to very quickly exceed demand. It will, eventually. But I think we've got a couple of 3 years before that happens.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think we generally perform around the globe on spec deals. Margins today in the mid-teens and we're not projecting a whole lot of rent growth, certainly not beyond inflation. And we're ending up with results that are better than that. I mean, that's been really the summary of the experience over the last 12 to 24 months. But I mean in a normalized market, Eric, I think spec deals should be, certainly in the U.S., should have margins and we'll call it 14%, 15% range. We're definitely getting higher than that in some of the less developed markets like Brazil. So, but it should be in that range.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And I think that GAAP is going to get closer and closer and I think in about 1 year or 2, it could flip.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Steve, the way we forecast development volume is that we look at the visibility that we have on deals that are pretty much in the bag. And I would say last year at this time, when we're sitting around and giving you guidance, we had about 60% visibility as to the number for the year. And that number has moved to sort of like 80% visibility on what we have. So we're pretty good with the number, particularly at the lower end of the range. Not that many good things have to happen during the year for us to be able to exceed that. And some good things always happen, some bad things happen. But we're really solid on our development guidance type of numbers. I guarantee you this, if there are good development opportunities in markets that we see that we think we can capture, we're going to take advantage of those. But we're not going to drive to some artificial number to keep the perception of what makes investors happy. We -- we're going to underwrite that as we see it game time decision. And again, go back to my comment, not all markets, in fact, most markets are still not at the level where with today's rents, you can generate acceptable margins. I think that situation will change very quickly. So maybe our numbers for the back half of the year are too conservative. Time will tell. But we'll rather start off the beginning of the year at a conservative level and see how it plays out. So I -- if I were going to say -- if I were a betting person, I would say it would be at the higher end of that range or maybe even higher.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think, Michael, that we came out with a pretty aggressive rental forecast based on the feedback we got from the investors. We actually thought we came with a very realistic rental forecast. And by the way, we got the same comments back in 2012 Analyst Day. I think on both of those, the market has played out ahead of what we told you guys. And I think at the time we talked about what our expectations were, people thought we were a little crazy and overly aggressive. I'm just telling you, it's playing out faster. I think ultimately, where these rents go, before they get to equilibrium is purely driven by replacement cost in some of these markets. And I would tell you, replacement cost is also accelerating faster than we thought. So on both those scores, I think it definitely will happen quicker whether ultimately we get more rental growth or not, I'm not ready to forecast that yet. That's still out 3 or 4 years. But so far, the signs are pretty good.
Hamid R. Moghadam: If I can follow up on that, and I think this would be a useful guide for you, because it's very hard to -- for you to get inside our promotes fund by fund and all that kind of stuff. The way I think about it is that we have about $16 billion, $17 billion of third-party capital under management. And most of our -- I mean, we ought to able to do at least 100 basis points over our threshold in terms of preferred return. So if -- and our normal promote participations are 15% to 20%. So the easy way to think about it is that if we outperform by 100 basis points and we get somewhere between 15% or 20% of that for the company, once you net it against the comp effect of that, call it 10% of the excess growth. So call it 10 basis points, call it 10 basis points of $16 billion, $17 billion under management. So we'll be in that 3% or 4% range. It will probably be a little higher in the near term than that. Because A, we're outperforming our benchmarks by more than 100 basis points and B, we're recovering from a pretty deep hole in valuations that are driving returns. But I think over the very long term, it should be on the order of 10 to call it 15 basis points of third party AUM net to the bottom line across the cycle.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, we do, constantly. We actually change not so much the hurdles, but the cost of capital in every market that we operate on a quarterly basis based on what's happening in the capital markets and in each of those economies, et cetera. But necessarily, that the margins that we'd like to get over and above the normal cost of capital in terms of investing in operating real estate, those are fairly stable. I mean, so think of it, if you're thinking about it in terms of bond spreads, we definitely have views -- changing views on what the base rate will be. But in terms of what the spread is, that we want to achieve over that, that's fairly constant. And it's in the range of low teens for build-to-suits. I mean, if it's a great credit, 20-year deal with fabulous credit, we might go down to a high single digit margin. But generally, in the low double-digit for build-to-suits and mid-teens for spec deals, pretty much across the board. Places like Brazil, we might tack on a little bit more in Brazil and China to the margin requirement on spec. But that's generally the guideline.
Hamid R. Moghadam: So Michael, Tom will give you a detailed answer. But the real answer is that we have a bunch of non-strategic assets left that we can sell at any time in a very good market. And that's something that we value. If we need capital, we've got a pretty attractive place where we can go to get that. And that's what our plan will be. But if you'd like, Tom can take you through the details.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, let me say one other thing about capital needs. I mean, $300 million for acquisitions. As you know, and I've stated many years in a row. Our acquisition guidance were -- is meaningless, I think. Because who knows? I mean, we only -- we might invest 0, if there are no good deals. We might invest $10 billion, if there are really good deals. In fact, the year I said it's 0 to $5 billion, we ended up doing the merger with Prologis. So it could be any wide range of numbers. So we don't really -- we can't really look at our capital planning in such a debit credit kind of way. We got to look at it more strategically and in a broader view.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, I think there'll be a big lag in terms of how the appraisers work through that number and all that. But if you ignore that stuff, cap rates are really falling in Europe and on a real-time basis, much faster than will show up in the appraisals, at least for the next 12 to 24 months.
Hamid R. Moghadam: We have seen no impact -- well, we've seen actually a little bit of a positive impact on valuations in the U.S. I would say cap rates on core assets are down probably since in the last quarter by maybe 10-ish basis points. And on secondary market assets, maybe a little bit more than that, maybe 25 basis points. As I've said before, I really think other than short-term blips and like in May, I think until interest rates 10-year bond gets to the mid 4s, I think we're good on cap rates in the U.S. I don't expect further compression, but I certainly don't expect expansion. And that's 150 basis points above where we are today, and maybe a little bit more in terms of room on the treasury on the 10-year treasury before we have to worry about CapEx. In Europe, you heard the discussions. I won't go over that. I think maybe there's been a little bit of cap rate expansion maybe on the order of 10 basis points, probably in a place like Brazil or maybe even Mexico, given the EM situation. In Japan, oh my god. I mean, you look at the disconnect between public markets and private markets. I mean, cap rates are, in the public markets are, I don't know, 120 to 150 basis points below where they are in private markets. So I think that will continue to drive cap rates in Japan down. And in China, there isn't enough visibility in terms of transaction volume to be able to report on that with certainty. But I think it's down a tiny smidgen if I were going to pick a number.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, Brendan the only thing I would add to that, I think just to tie it to our investor conference and our forecast for that. Even though we -- we're talking about sort of a 4-year timeframe, within the 4 years, it certainly is more backend oriented because it doesn't have the dilution upfront. And the interesting thing is, given the recovery in rents, and I'm not talking about projected further recovery in rents. But just the recovery that we had to date in rents. Just like on the way down, it takes a while for the numbers to get marked down, on the way up, it takes a while for the numbers to get marked up. So I think whatever momentum is going to come through in this rental growth, is going to benefit us for many, many years. So we -- if we're going to forecast that again today, we would just still say that the 4-year ramp is more backend oriented too, not just within the year, but also within the 4 years. Anyway, that was the last question. Thank you for participating in our call. I know today's a busy day. So we'll let you go. Thank you and see you next quarter.
Eugene F. Reilly: Sure Brendan, it's Gene, let me start with that, and I'll kick it over to Gary. So we're really focused on pushing both of those metrics. And obviously, you see a lot -- you saw a lot of occupancy pick up in the fourth quarter. That wasn't because we switched focus to occupancy from rent growth, really, I would tell you more primarily focus on rent growth. And let me also give you some color into what's going on in the U.S. before I kick it to Gary. So in the U.S., we had a third quarter rent change of 7.4% and that actually increased pretty materially to 8.3% in the fourth quarter. So we're having a lot of success pushing rents. We get very low vacancies in the markets and obviously, low vacancies in the portfolio. Looking into 2014, we'll have a rent change of about 10% overall for the global portfolio during the year. And you're going to see that ramp up materially over the year, particularly in the U.S. where we've got a lot of pricing power. So I'll give it to Gary for the ...
Eugene F. Reilly: Let me make one more point on housing because you brought that up. Clearly the housing data has been really spotty. It looks good in 1 month then it tails off. But if we look at where our demand is coming from, it's pretty heavy in that area. So construction materials, furniture and other housing-related activities are clearly leading other segments of our customer base. So maybe they're wishful about the future. I think although, if you look at the overall trends in housing, you're going to see a bad report 1 month. But overall, it's trending in the right direction. And at least our customers are voting with their feet in those segments.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, it's Gene. Let me start with that. First of all, at this point, we don't have any markets in the Americas, at least that have above market rents, I mean Gary can follow up on this. In terms of stabilized occupancy, that number is 95%. Can we run in L.A. within a 2% embedded local vacancy rate, should we run higher than that? Yes. And we will. But overall, 95% is the number you ought to be working with.
Gary E. Anderson: Yes, Brendan, I'll just say again we are hitting the sweet spot right now. We're going to be averaging 95% to 96%. That's a good place for us to be pushing rents globally. If you look at Asia, today we're sitting at almost 97% occupied and we are pushing rents there. You've seen almost 6% rent change in those markets. In Europe, it's a little bit different story. It's a mixed bag. We're pushing rents where we can, particularly in the U.K. and northern Europe. Some the markets in Central and Eastern Europe. And in other markets, we continue to solve for occupancy. And that's really how it's going to be until we get to again sort of that 95% to 96% level. But even in Europe, we had positive rent change and positive rent change for the second consecutive quarter. So all in all, we're feeling pretty good about our prospects.
Gary E. Anderson: Yes. No, I totally agree 95% to 96% is how we think about the markets and that's again where we can push rents. In Japan and in China, no markets that are over rented today, I would say. Certainly, markets that were active in and trying to grow in. And in Europe, I'd say 3. France, Hungary and Italy, those are the 3 markets that may be over rented today.
Gary E. Anderson: Yes, if you go back to our Investor Day, we predicted over the 3-year period, we'd see, call it 75 to 80 basis points of cap rate compression. And we said at that time we thought that it might actually move more quickly. We had sort of spread that out over the 3-year period. My view is very clear. It is moving much more quickly than we had anticipated. I'd say, easily, 25 basis points today. And moving in a positive direction relative to values. I have seen more portfolio transactions over the course of the last 12 months than I have in my career in Europe, and there is capital chasing those transactions, so I expect the trend to continue through the balance of this year for sure.
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, David, this is Tom Olinger. I'm assuming you're referring to the drop in operating expenses in the quarter. That was largely driven by a decline in CAM expenses. So we saw a similar decline in revenues. So the drop in CAM expenses moved -- the drop -- overall drop is 4.5%. It moved 3.5% of that 4.5%. And that also knocked down revenues by about 1%. So it was really just an reclass of CAM expenses and revenues and had no impact on the bottom line growth. We also did see about 1% of the decrease was related to better bad debt recovery. So that was a positive that was driving the bottom line.
Thomas S. Olinger: I guess Michael, as we look to 2014, we'll continue to look at our inner maturities and where this math make sense and the economics prove out it's a need. As we said, we'll continue to go after those bonds, because we do have a view that rates are going to go up and we want to get in front of that as best we can. And we think that the long-term benefit to that of locking in those rates is the right thing to do.
Thomas S. Olinger: Ki Bin, it's Tom. So if you look at the midpoint of our same-store GAAP NOI guidance of 3.5%, about 1.5% of that is going to come through higher occupancy. About 1.5% of that is going to come through rent growth, rent change on rollover, just high rents. And then about 50 basis points is going to come through indexations, where that don't get captured then in straight lines. So if you got a 2% contractual bump every year, now that gets straight line. But if you are going off of the CPI index, for example, that gets picked up. You don't straight line. You can't straight line that component. So those -- that piece of the rent bumps is about 50 basis points. So that's how you get to the 3.5%. Overall big picture. I don't expect to see any significant moves at all in those numbers related to any one-time sort of items or unusual periods. I think it's pretty clean number.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. John, I will take that. And we'll let you have a three-part question since we butchered your last name. So on the first on how do we get to 85% to 90% U.S. net equity from 77% today? It's largely going to be from repatriating money. We're -- when we look at funding needs, we're going to continue to push for euro and yen denominated debt and bring down our U.S. dollar denominated debt and move those funds around. And we'll continue to look at hedging opportunities where we see them to be attractive and take advantage of those. So those would be the biggest tools that we can use and obviously, as you know, we've done a lot with moving assets, overseas assets and investment of funds which certainly helps that as well. On your -- I'm going to take your third question here, is this promote income in core FFO? It is. For sure. And your second one...
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, it was. It's been throughout 2013. And then your other question, your last question was cash versus GAAP and why that spread? We provide the cash rent change. And as you know, we don't track it. We don't use it to manage our business that way because it can obviously lead to unusual fluctuations, just based on how the lease is structured, whether you have a free rent on the front end or the back end or you -- or how the ramp escalates over time, what really matters from our perspective is what the overall economics of that cash flow stream is over the life of that contractual lease. What it is in month 1 versus what it is in month 60 really doesn't matter. At the end of the day, it's what the economics are over the whole contractual term. So yes, you can get some fluctuations between cash and GAAP between quarters just due to mix and how certain things are structured versus what's rolling off. But I would tell you, looking to '14, I would expect that number to move into positive territory just with where -- with our trajectory of GAAP rent change, I would expect this cash number although we don't forecast it, I would expect it to be positive in '14.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. For '14 we have a similar level of promote, core FFO promote, so about $0.04 in 2014. And it relates to our USLF venture.
Thomas S. Olinger: Yes, Michael, if you -- your numbers are really right on. If you look at our deployment guidance, what we gave in use at the midpoint. You would see net deployment growth of call it $250 million to $300 million, not talking about the land bank. But as Hamid said, we have a lot of ways to fund it. Primarily, we're going to be running our line at virtually 0, most of 2014. So we at any one point in time will be able to tap that $2.5 billion plus of capacity. So we're not concerned about how we fund growth.
Thomas S. Olinger: No, Michael, we do not. There would be 2 existing vehicles and as you've seen from the capital raising we've done over the year, a record capital raising. And with the very low leverage to no leverage in these vehicles, we are -- they are -- have a lot of capital and are hungry to grow.
Thomas S. Olinger: Absolutely, Brendan. If you look at the components of the growth. If you use Q4 '13 as a -- compared to the midpoint of our guidance. If Q4 annualizes about $1.70, so if you want to grow that $1.70 to the midpoint of our $1.78, you've got about $0.09 from same-store growth, you've got $0.08 from development NOI growth. And then you have about $0.08 of drag or friction from redeploying that cash. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have about $900 million of cash. We ended the year with about $450 million and we generated another about $450 million with the USLV transaction. So as I said, earnings in Q1 will be down for the Q4 run rate and then we're going to ramp back up. And then particularly to your point in the second half, we'll -- we should see core FFO ramp significantly.
Michael S. Curless: Yes I would suggest the pipeline in both the U.S. and Europe are as strong as we've seen here in the last couple of years. And I think the customers' ability is to actually make decisions seems on the increase and so we're bullish relative to just overall activity and our ability to convert that into real volume next year.
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. I would suggest the last quarter, that's such a small sample supply and mix issue relative to the ratios. As we look forward to this year, we'd anticipate build-to-suits would be in the 25% range, which is lower than we've seen in the past, where our build-to-suits have been in the 40% to 55% range and that actually gives us some encouragement. Given our global platform, our customer reach that there's some built-in bias to the upside relative to our volume associated with build-to-suits.
Michael S. Curless: This is Mike. Why don't I address the land bank. We did put up significant debt in the bank -- land bank this year about $300 million. Which gets us right in the zone as we've talked about for a couple of years in terms of the ideal size. Our work this year is to continue to improve the quality of that land bank and we're down to the last remaining 15% or so parcels that we'll continue to sell out of the system, and end up with the primary parcels to put in production. And we have sold 170 million last year, we'll do that kind of number again this year. And we will very selectively replenish our land bank with the high-quality sites for those sites we can put in production. And Hamid, do you want to address there.
Michael S. Curless: Our placement costs are moving up, I mean, that's clear in basically all of our market, maybe with the exception of some of the European markets, but replacement costs are definitely heading north, as are rents.
Michael S. Curless: John, they actually pronounced your name correctly, but I will not be able to respond to that as you know we can't talk about any.
