Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tracy, good morning, everyone. We had a terrific quarter to finish off an excellent year. A year into our three year strategic plan, which we presented to you back in September 2013, we are ahead on both earnings and deployment targets. Our outperformance reflects the strength of our reposition portfolio, which today is focused on the highest quality assets and the best markets around the globe. Our earnings in 2014 exceeded the top end of our guidance driven by operations and capital deployment. Let me take a few minutes to discuss the three key elements of our strategic plan. Our first priority has been capitalized on the rental recovery. The improvement in market fundamentals has been strong, but somewhat uneven across regions. It is well underway in the Americas, Asia and certain parts of Europe at a pace ahead of our initial projections, while Southern, Central and Eastern Europe lag behind. In the U.S., net absorption in 2014 was right on our forecast, double the rate of deliveries. Our U.S. occupancy outperformed the market by 320 basis points, demand was broad based. At year-end, we were more than 98% occupied in many of our markets. This occupancy combined with double-digit rent change on roll over resulted in same store NOI growth of more than 5% in the U.S. and 3.7% of overall. For 2015, we forecast deliveries of 165 million square feet against absorption of 225 million square feet leading to further increases in occupancies. Moving to Europe, despite the bifurcated recovery at 95%, our occupancy in the region outperformed the market by 210 basis points. As we forecasted, cap rate compression has been a headwind on rent the growth in Europe. What’s surprising is how far and how fast cap rates have dropped on the continent? While absorption and delivery information is hard to come by in Europe, we estimate Class A absorption of 66 million square feet compared to new deliveries of 45 million square feet in 2014. This drove market occupancy up by 150 basis points. Looking forward, market occupancies in Europe will continue to rise as the supplier remains constrained. We see space utilization running at a high level forcing customers to leave more space to support their incremental growth just as they did in the U.S. two years ago. In Asia, market conditions continue to be strong and pretty much on plan. Our second priority has been to realize value from our land bank through development. Last year, we put $430 million of land to work in developments with an estimated overall profit margin of 20%. These outside margins are driven by the low book value of our land which has a build out potential of about $11 billion of properties overtime. Our third priority has been to leverage our scale to grow earnings. Our global reach allows us to deploy capital where we see the highest risk-adjusted returns often ahead of the pack. In the U.S., where market conditions are strong and values are high, we have been a net seller of non-strategic holdings. Conversely in Europe, our focus was on development where we acquired quality assets at significant discounts to replacement cost. Timing here was critical as cap rates compressed throughout the year. For perspective, we took the proceeds from our dispositions and contributions at a weighted average cap rate of 6.2% and redeployed those proceeds into higher yielding assets at a weighted average cap rate of 6.8%. The net result was a favorable spread of 60 basis points on investments. As a result, we are able to grow earnings and at the same time, improve the quality of the portfolio. Moving to strategic capital, we continue to have a significant investor queue with steady interest across all our funds. In 2014, we raised about $2.5 billion of third-party strategic capital. What’s remarkable is that each of our funds has outperformed its respective benchmark for all time segments in the past five years. To sum it all up, we expect market conditions globally to improve from these healthy levels. Our market leading position in Q series around the world gives us the ability to deploy capital profitably and we have the financial capacity to carry out our plan. And as we’ve explained before, we are well insulated from movements in foreign currency. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, I think that’s it, that’s the big story. So Europe counted for about 33% of our leasing this quarter, typically, you see it about 25% and 26%. And in disproportion amount of leasing was done in Central and Eastern Europe, which were markets that were lagging. I mean that’s not a good thing we’re leasing space in those tougher markets. So it’s driving occupancy and NOI. And as we’ve said, this number is going to be volatile quarter-to-quarter, but we feel very good about going into 2015 when you look at our annual rent change number. So we think it’s going to be up over 2014 and as Tom said in his opening remarks driving same store NOI about 3.5% to 4.5% range on an owned and managed basis and higher than that on a Prologic’s share basis given our disproportionate waiting to U.S, so a net-net we feel good about it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, and then of course there is the unrealized gains that are the other half that don’t even hit the P&L, which is pretty interesting you know, you are in a business that generates couple hundred million dollars of value creation and basically doesn’t show up anywhere in the P&L. Until couple of years later as in effect to getting free $200 million of real estate every year of that will produce a return. So over time you get the return, but you’re not getting it in anyway upfront.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, but in terms if big-box demand, particularly in the build-to-suit segment, we’re seeing a definite increase on size requirements, which are reflective, I think of more confidence that the customers have in their futures space needs.
Hamid Moghadam: Steve, that’s a really good question and something that we think about all the time. Our business has a lag with what’s going on in the real economy. Remember when the business turned around sort of in 2011, we’re all sitting around wondering when, why people we’re not taking space and what the redoing was the utilization rate was going up, and utilization rate was absorbing all the net new demand. But not transplanting into more space being leased. And then finally people could no longer the utilization rate and they have to new space. Nobody wants to lease industrial space because they liked it they only do it because they have to. So finally, U.S. absorption picked up and that ended up being a big driver of demand. So as the economy has sputters and these - the data sets that are coming out are really erratic. I mean some data is really good and surprises people and some data like the cats of surprises the negative. I don’t think we’ll see the impact of that until couple of years down the road, and unless it’s a steady trend up one quarter, down one quarter, that won’t affect anything, but if it’s a steady decline obviously we’ll show up in our numbers and demand for our product down the road. But I don’t really think that that’s an overall, we are going to be experiencing that anytime soon. Now, how we manage this is pretty simple, we are buy and large most of our developments. Well, and third of them our businesses, so those are leased and we know actually 35% of them and we know kind of where that stands. And of the balance of 65% I would say the vast majority are in parts where we already have in a couple of buildings or many buildings and we are building the next incremental building. And those parks that has usually lead to the next building been built are 97% occupied today. So on the margin, we may guess wrong on one building in one park, but it’s not like the office business where you drop a million square foot building and three years later maybe you’re wrong about the market. It’s a very incremental kind of growth. So that’s what we do. We look at how space is leasing every day, every minute by talking to our people.
Hamid Moghadam: And the only other thing, Michael, I would add to that is that if you train a normalize kind of our earnings for the development ramp and all that, there is one other thing you normalize for and that is dispositions over acquisitions. Our dispositions tend to be more front-end loaded. Our acquisitions, and development completions and stabilizations tend to be back end completion. And that training mismatch erodes or dilutes us by about $0.08. So the $0.14 delivered will be offset by $0.08 of the bad in a steady state kind of environment. So net, net, net it’s not as big as you would think. And in a normalized year, obviously acquisitions and dispositions would be equal and would be roughly the same timing.
Hamid Moghadam: So on the impact of the various debt tenders that we’ve done, I’d say over the last two years. The impact over on all of that has been about concerns like you said, however, we saw about $0.03 of that come through in our 2013 earnings or another $0.03 in 2014 and it will get about $0.03 to $0.04 to that in 2015. So the 2015 impact is really $0.03 to $0.04. Now, if you isolate only the impact of the tenders and your analysis you’ll get a higher number, but you can’t do that because you need to look at what we did to our overall capital stock. We used to run our lines at over $1 billion drawn at a very low interest rate. We are carrying zero outstanding balance at our line. So it is $0.10 is not the right number, it’s really $0.03 to $0.04 for next year.
Hamid Moghadam: Craig, I’ll take your first question. It’s Eugene. We have now for the last few quarter, we have been aggressively pushing term, with this part of cycle, we are pushing rents and looking for longer-term. Most of you will recall during the downturn we scaled back dramatically and do not want to lock in low rents, so that strategy has been shifting. We have a very, very large sort of quarter-to-quarter change 15 months don’t think of that as a trend. So there is a little that aberration there, but looking at say the trailing four quarters, we’re up about 10% for five months and you’re going to see that continue. So we’re going to continue putting term at least in the U.S. and in Europe it’s probably a different story. Garry has something.
Hamid Moghadam: In terms of interest and private capital I would say, it’s across the board. And at pretty high levels, I would say comparable to the mid-2000s, because there’s a lot of pent-up demand, these peoples set the market out for long time and not that there’s more liquidity in the markets there investors are back in. If I were going to pick one region, I would say Europe is getting the most interest on the margin. As people view Europe as a place that has some cap rate compression still left. And you know in Europe the appraisals are way behind reality. And most people understand that. So they’re trying to get their money invested based on old price as opposed to new prices that are being paid on the margin. But people really do believe this cap rate compression story and the value being less in the European markets.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay, I’ll take the first question, just some color on where we would see same-store growth. I’ll talk about it on an owned and managed basis. We would see the U.S. in the mid-five, somewhere next year. Europe and Asia, in the call 1% to 2% range. Now blending that all together when you look at our proportion and ownership that’s how you get something in the mid to high fours for our share of same-store growth next year.
Hamid Moghadam: And I’m sorry, just a complete the global, since we talked about everywhere else. I think Japan is low fives hitting high fours and within the J-REIT structure it’s actually trading in high threes.
Hamid Moghadam: Right, thank you everyone for being here, I know how you are battling to storm back ease all the best to you in dealing with that. I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Thomas Olinger: When you look at our net deployment in 2015, it’s about $600 million all together. If you exclude our share of acquisitions, we are actually generating about $200 million of net proceeds in 2015. So decision about how we’ll fund any growth really gets down to acquisitions. And it will be a function of the opportunities that we see in the markets and the volume of activity we see and the relative returns, and that’s going to drive our decision on how we capitalize and what equity we raise. We clearly have the ATM program it’s a highly efficient way to issue equity. We also have $3.4 billion of liquidity that we plan on maintaining that level. Our plan assumes that level of liquidity throughout the year, our lines under on and sitting on some cash. So we feel very good about our ability to fund any growth and it’s going to be a function of opportunities we see returns we can earn, and where our share price is trading.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing Jamie, I would add to that is that remember we have, we’re also pretty active in Europe and Japan and those are two net importers. And a drop in the price of oil actually helps those economies.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, this is Tom and I’ll let Gary or Eugene add-on. It really was a function of mix this quarter. And particularly in Europe and the amount of role we saw in Central and Eastern Europe.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, the only thing I would add to this is that we are going to be positive and strong throughout the year. The first quarter will be the weakest quarter, which is because of demographics of the leases and our rent change will accelerate throughout the year. So just be prepared on that because you are going to have the same question three months from there.
Thomas Olinger: Okay. We did discuss what our expectations are for realized development gains. So just to be clear, we talk about when we stabilize assets, we will talk about what our margins are at that time or margins are above 20% and what we are stabilizing, which is similarly high levels on starts. On for realized gains, those are gains as a function of ours contributing those developments overseas into our ventures are also third party sales. So those are realized, they go through the P&L. The most important thing about those realized gains are that’s taxable income and it drives AFFO growth as well as dividends. And we had a $172 million of realized development gains in 2014. We are forecasting realized development gains between $200 million and $250 million in 2015. That’s a function of higher stabilization that are coming off the development pipeline next year or in 2015, and those getting contributed into ventures as well.
Thomas Olinger: But Vincent, I guess one thing to add, in terms of the weight of capital and ECB is driving cap rates down. We’ve been in front of this, if you think about it. Look back to 2013, we deployed about $600 million in third party acquisitions; this year or last year rather 2014, about $1.2 billion; and prior to that, we’re investing in our funds. So I think we’ve been in front of it, certainly the tougher environment on a go forward basis to acquire I would say large portfolios and [indiscernible] but we’ll be selective.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, Michael. Simple math would be we stabilized $1.5 billion in 2014, we’ll stabilize $1.8 billion if the midpoint in 2015, just take a simple half year convention. So we’re going to get a half a year pop from 2014, take the yield to 7.5%, we’re going to get half a year pop from 2015 stabilizations, so half of the $1.8 million take that at 7.5% yield. That gets you roughly $70 million, that’s your $0.14 a share. The important thing like you said is, what this means going forward. The pop we got in 2015 until our stabilizations of reach are steady state of development, you’re going to continue to see this incremental pop from stabilizations every year, because in 2016 we’re going to be stabilizing the other half, you’re going to get a full year run rate on that $1.8 billion. We’re starting about $2.5 billion at the midpoint in 2014, so that ought to be stabilizing in 2016. So I would see, I think we’re going to continue to see this pop until we reached the point that our stabilizations and our run rate at a steady state converge.
Thomas Olinger: By the way, John, before we answer any of those questions, I just wanted to give credit to keys for doing the best pronunciation of your name ever. So let’s start with that.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, I will just add. Our AFFO growth in 2014 was about 22%. And looking at 2015, we see AFFO growth in line with Core FFO growth surround 11%. And we look at and we have to look at our AFFO with realized gains because that impacts our TI. And when we look at payout ratios, this year our AFFO payout would be about 74% and in 2015, I think, it’s going be probably even a little less than that payout ratio. So we’ll be in the low, somewhere in the low 70s, payout ratio in 2015.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, 2013 versus 2014 was a mix issue because a fair bit of the starts that we had in 2013 where in Japan. And the Japan construction cycle is probably more like 18 months to construct and that leads up. So that was the way that kind of over 2013 and the 2014. But going forward, Japan has been - we’ve had a very steady level of development starts 2013, 2014, 2015 in Japan. So I don’t see that swinging at all, and I’d see stabilizations should get closer and closer to our - forgetting average out like we said long-terms start somewhere in the $2.5 billion range. It’s probably going to take us in 2017 until we get that an equal run rate. But for simple map, I would use sort of a two year lag between starts and stabilizations, that’s a good real fund.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, I’ll answer your second question first. As far as from a P&L perspective we have virtually zero impacts from any FX movements. We have hedged our estimated euro and yen net earnings for 2015 we hedged the euro at about a 1.20, 1.2 and the Yen at 1.20. So we are really locked in for earnings for 2015. So we’re fully insulated. On an NAV perspective, at 5% move of all of our foreign currencies against us is about $0.25 a share impact on NAV. The other item, yes well the other question was on same-store, we do report same-store on a constant currency basis, so you can see the real impact of what’s happening on the operation side. However, if we look at our same-store impacted by FX, our share would really go up, because we are disproportionably owned in the U.S., so about 75% of our NOI is in dollars. And that relative percentage the U.S. actually becomes a higher percentage, if you FX adjusted because the dollar has strengthened against other currency. So dollar goes up in that scenario, Euro and Yen impact goes down. So when you look at our share, it would actually be more positive on an FX adjusted basis. The other thing since you brought up FX I do want to touch on as we’ve got the question or two around, in our reconciliation of FFO to our net income down to our Core FFO about whether we are backing out the impact of unrealized FX losses. When you look at our operations virtually all of our FX activity around the world goes through our P&L is realized and goes through our FFO. The only thing that would go through unrealized FFO from a - I’m sorry, go through unrealized FX or anything around the derivative. We take those when they are realized. When you look at our P&L that line that says derivative losses in FX adjustments, there’s two things going on to that line, it’s a negative $20 million number that’s getting added back, so a positive $20 million number. That’s made up of a $36 million loss related to the mark-to-market on derivative, our derivative convertible debt security. So that convertible debt matures here in March, we think it’s going to convert into equity is the strike price is $38.72. From a GAAP perspective, we have to mark to fair value of that derivative debt against our share price. So our share price went up in the quarter, we had to recognize a loss related though. That we add back that was $36 million. We actually had about $20 million of FX unrealized gains in the quarter and that all related to our hedges that we have about in place, we have about $1 billion of hedges and those hedges, they are worth about $160 million, none of that $160 million have gains that we’ve realized over the last year since we have those hedges in place went through our P&L, zero. So that should go through our NAV but none of that’s going through our P&L. So everything, the vast majority of all the FX that happens around the world hits our P&L, hits our Core FFO.
Thomas Olinger: I think our investors in our strategic capital queue have the lower cost of capital for core product. I think we have a lower cost of capital for development activity.
Thomas Olinger: This is Tom. It relates to the rights that the limited partners had in that fund and in Q4 we got down to just one remaining investor, so it’s ourselves and one investor, and as a result of that the limited partners rights control right went away. That was a triggering event getting down to one investor.
Thomas Olinger: We don’t have a contribution arrangement with Norges on any under assets, with the JV on the series of assets. Actually it’s two JVs, one in the U.S., one in Europe.
Thomas Olinger: Yes, those are apples and oranges. We have the ability and this is true and, I think, almost all of our funds where we can earn, we have the opportunity to promote every three years. Fourth quarter of 2015 is the third anniversary of the formation of the PELP venture. Therefore that is the first time, first quarter in which we can earn a promote. Likewise, if you look to 2016 and you can see this in our disclosure or supplemental as we’ve got two other funds, I think, it’s our PELP II fund and [indiscernible] Europe, both are up for promote opportunities in 2016. So we’re going to see a steady stream of promote opportunities over the next several years given as Hamid mentioned our funds are performing about their bench marks. So I would expect if that holds we’re going to see promotes not just in 2015, but continue one. Now the other thing you’re referencing is that the PELP sell down right that we have, but we can sell down our ownership interest down to a 20% interest. That is totally independent of any promote of that’s a separate decision and that’s going to be a function of how we want to deploy our capital globally, that’s going to trigger and what opportunities we have, if and when we trigger that sell down right.
Eugene Reilly: Sure, Jamie, it’s Eugene. I’ll take that one. So so-far we’ve really haven’t seen an impact and of course impact from oil prices are going to take some time to apply itself out. So at the moment if you actually look at the markets that would be affected by that particular statistic, Houston and Dallas, they are looking pretty good right now. Now having said that, there isn’t any question that a long-term $4 to $5 price of oil is going to have negative impacts on Houston, and it’s probably going to have negative impacts on the state of taxes generally but we have not seen that. In fact, in Houston, fundamentals are robust. Our portfolio there is about almost 9% leased and about 10% of our customers have any exposure to - which roll in directly. So I’m not particularly concerned, but having said that, when we look at future capital deployment and development thoughts in the state of Texas, we will be very selective on the sub-markets where we’re active in and of course a very delicate one.
Eugene Reilly: Yes, sure it’s Gene, I’ll take that. Our - we’re getting to occupancy levels that are historic, yet we haven’t seen before. And what we’re finding is that small customers that segment of the portfolio, I think had about a 180 basis point increase quarter-over-quarter. So that’s really the portion of the portfolio that we have left to lease. And frankly that’s where we have more pricing powers. So you have more rent growth with the smaller customers. And as I said on previous calls, that product has much higher replacement costs and we have ways to go before we reach that, so that’s where we’re going to see a continuation of that. In terms of big box and then Michael made some commentary on this, but we see sort of two types of demand going on in the United States. Big-box demand which is heavily oriented to e-commerce, we don’t see that slowing down. That’s going to be episodic quarter-to-quarter because they are very big transactions, so we think that will continue. And then on the small side of the spaces, you just have an awful lot of pent-up demand in that category and very little, it’s in construction and most of the markets.
Eugene Reilly: And the growth opportunities, if the question is related to where can we sort of push rents, more aggressively I draw your attention to the desktop manual look away with very, very high occupancies. But I want to call two markets that have really been laggards one is Chicago and the other Atlanta. Both of those markets sort of began to turn the corner in 2014. Huge amounts of absorption, and we’re actually seeing very, very strong rent growths in those markets. And for us that’s $50 million square feet of product and in terms of incremental growth in income, I would probably point to those two markets in terms of potential for the future.
Eugene Reilly: So from a timing perspective, the Norges warrant was exercised in December. And we tapped the ATM program in December. Going back to our plans for 2015, again, it really gets back to acquisition opportunity. So if you strip out acquisitions, our share out of 2015 guidance net, net our deployment generates cash of I think roughly $200 million. So our decision to raise equity will line up with the opportunities we see in the returns that we see with those acquisitions. So that’s how we are looking at it. If we see great opportunities to acquire portfolios, we’ll think about the smartest way to capitalize that. And I think we’ve got a lot of different way to do that, when you think about our liquidity, our ability to tap the equity markets and the substantial equity queue that’s built up in all of our private capital, our strategic capital vehicles. So we got lots of different ways we can fund deployment in acquisition to particular, if we’d like the economics out there.
Eugene Reilly: It’s also a as long as we think that decision in 10 point increments, it’s not like all or none it’s an 10 point increment and it doesn’t all have to be - that decision doesn’t have to be made in 2015. We have that window coming up every year, so we can sell as much or as little as we want whenever we want pretty much.
Eugene Reilly: I would say this we have a one property that would fall under the description of unusual in terms of unusual good, in terms of Bay Area with an upside potential. But the vast majority of our sales actually in the last couple of years have been non-strategic properties in smaller markets from the bottom of our portfolio. So with the exception of that one deal in Silicon Valley, the rest of it would be non-strategic sales. So on average it would be lower than median of our properties, probably a lot lower than the median of our properties. Eric, bottom line is the price stock on industrial cap rates in the U.S. are in the low fours on the very best markets. And in the low fives for most markets, I’m talking about brand new great product in the markets everybody wants to be in with a good credit tenant. And I would say low fives in most markets and sixes, six pluses and six, six and halves in some of the less strategic markets. I’m not sure, we deploy capital at those kinds of numbers in fact we won’t, but that’s where the market is.
Gary Anderson: Vincent, our thesis in Europe is to be simple. Our forecast when we prepared to 2015 plan, in no way anticipated obviously QE. So on the margin, QE in Europe, is a positive. So and that’s now reflected in our guidance or anything. So if anything on the margins, there is upside in our numbers going forward. Now is to how important that will be et cetera, I can’t really tell you but I tell you that cap rates in Europe have probably compressed 75 basis points anyway and maybe more in some places not UK. UK compressed couple of years ago, and it’s one of the most cap rate markets in the world. But the rest of Europe, I think has compressed 75 basis points to 100 basis points maybe depending on the market and that is definitely a headwind on rental growth. I think it will be a more emmenic [ph] rental growth as a result of that. But we’ll take it in terms of increased value its okay.
Gary Anderson: But let me tie this just something that we talked about in I think our Analyst Day may be two to three years ago, when we laid out the thesis for very substantial rental growth, which in those days was actually quite a position to take and it actually has played out pretty much that way, may be a little bit better than the U.S. and a little less in Europe, but fundamentally the same way. We laid out three steps in this rental increase scenario. Step one, is just a simple rollover of lease time at the trough to market rents. Just spread to market of the existing leases. Number two, the catch up of market rents are that point in time to replacement cost rents, which is kind of the phase we’re in now. The third step is that as construction volumes increase, price of construction is going to go up and we’re seeing this in many markets at substantially higher than inflation, because margin will come back into the subs and into the general contractors, and construction costs were going up. And also land costs are going to be new cycle land cost with new entitlements, bursement [ph] and all of that. All of that stuff is coming in at significantly higher than inflation. So replacement cost is not a static number, it’s a number that is going up pretty fast right now. Now at some point it will normalize, but I think that we are in the middle to late stages of Phase II, but Phase III hasn’t even started. And there are some markets that are further behind, some markets that are more closer in. Inland Empire, I would say your rents are right about the place where you can develop profitably and interestingly, because of rent, it’s because cap rates, but same difference. So replacement cost as a moving target and expected to move a lot in the next couple of years.
Gary Anderson: And actually we’ve cashed on the balance sheet which fund the other way in terms of what it contributes. In terms of the - our stock price versus oil, I have no idea other than the fact that in the very long-term both of them are going to be up a lot. And with respect to dividends, which was the other part of your question, by the way pretty good job of asking three questions. But on the dividends, basically our AFFO is growing pretty rapidly and though our dividends is going to grow somewhere in line or lower than AFFO and higher than inflation it’s going to be in that range. So Tom, you wanted to add.
Gary Anderson: Craig, I’ll just say that what’s driving it up, obviously the Americas in the U.K we’re about 75 months, that’s typically a longer-term lease market and you’ve got the market that’s in our favor. Obviously this particular quarter we had development leasing at $9 million square feet, which is driving in the quarter-to-quarter up, because the development leasing with high percentage of builder suites are generally longer-term. But that’s offset by what we’re doing in Continental Europe, we’re trying to stay short in Continental Europe, so our average lease term is about 36 months there, plus or minus, because we want to take advantage of the rental growth when it does come through.
