Christie Kelly: Thanks, Dennis, and good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our 2010 financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. I am pleased to report that our fourth quarter and year-end 2010 core FFO was $0.28 and $1.15 per share effectively. We had a very strong finish to the year, includes our 2010 core FFO at the high end of our 2010 guidance. As Denny mentioned, the economic environment continued to present challenges throughout the year. Our business team focused on the lease-up of our portfolio and was able to achieve over 12 million square feet of new leases and 40 million square feet of renewal leases, representing a 76.5% tenant retention rate, a negligible lease termination fees. Our strong leasing activity enabled us to offset rental rate roll-downs, travel-in [ph] across most markets and achieved slightly positive net operating income growth. Our service operations also produced strong results. From a capital strategic perspective, we completed a very successful year, in which we raised nearly $1.1 billion in capital comprised of 533 million of asset sale, 311 million from our common equity offering in June and 250 million from an unsecured debt offering in April. In addition to the acquisitions we closed this year, the proceeds were also used to retire a 100 million of debt in the first quarter, repurchased nearly 280 million of unsecured bonds throughout the year on the open market and through a tender offer, and repurchased over a 112 million of our Series O preferred stock on the open market over the course of the year. I would like to point out that our unsecured line of credit balance at year end of $175 million is a function of timing on asset dispositions closings. We had a solid backlog of assets set to be sold in the first quarter of 2011 and remain committed to utilizing our line of credit only for short-term financing needs. As results indicate 2011, we had a little over $400 million of maturities which we intend to manage through a combination of pay-downs of disposition proceeds as refinancing with long-term unsecured debt. I would like to point out that based on our capital plan in 2011, we will be able to use our unsecured line of credit to cover all our 2011 maturities in a worst-case scenario. I am very pleased with the execution by our teams. We accomplished a significant amount of work in 2010 after successful 2009. Since March of 2009, we have been successful in moving nearly a $1.5 billion of debt maturities out of 2010 and 2011, a very measurable progress and testament to our capital strategy. We are comfortable with our balance sheet and we have very manageable debt maturities in 2011 and 2012. We have seen stress in our unsecured debt tighten throughout 2010, a vote of confidence on our strategic plan and progress across the business thus far. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Denny.
Christie Kelly: Sure, Josh. Typically, when we take a look at our longer-term goals, we are looking at overall leverage metrics, what we define as debt to growth assets to be in the 45% range. We are looking at debt plus preferred plus to growth assets to be in the 45% range. We are looking at debt plus preferred to growth assets to be around 50% or so, given it’s now 800 million that we have in preferred after our buyback. And in terms of timing, we are looking at for that to coincide with our long-term asset and operation strategy which will take us through the 2013 time period.
Christie Kelly: Yes, I think, Michael, thanks. Specifically, the ATM is, as I mentioned before, is solely for opportunistic repurchases, it is very, very small. It's $150 million in terms of sizing and we did that just based on our average daily trading volume in terms of just having another quiver available in our capital strategy, but specifically where we are today, we're still undervalued.
Christie Kelly: So, just in summary, Paul, I mean, we looked at it on each key aspect in terms of what we were looking to contribute to the venture and that included, as Denny had said, lease rollover. We looked at the average age of the building; we looked at the NOI composition over the short term and the long term; we looked at the average size of the buildings; we looked at the number of tenants in the buildings; we looked at the average lease term in the buildings and then further to that, we looked at the average lease size. So on every attribute, we were very cognizant of what we viewed was the right properties to contribute versus what were the right properties to retain based on the longer-term growth prospect of our business.Paul Adornato – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Christie Kelly: Michael, it's really just in terms of the capital strategy focus, it's really both. I mean, it really depends on what opportunities present themselves in the market. We're going to remain focused on deleveraging as it makes sense, but then also executing our capital strategy in alignment with our asset strategy as we've been doing.
Denny Oklak: Well, once again, I think that when you look at our same store, as I mentioned in my comments, the office business is still struggling a little bit. I said last quarter that I was really pleased with our results on the office side, in the third quarter it picked up, we picked up some occupancy, and we kind of held even in the fourth quarter. But what we are seeing is, we are seeing continued pressure on the rental rates. We’ve seen, as indicated in our supplemental packages, then some continued roll-down on the net effective rents and that is having some pressure, downward pressure on the same store occupancy also.
Denny Oklak: Yes, most of that is in the real estate tax area, the savings. We’ve seen – we’ve been able to aggressively pursue some of the assessments on a number of our buildings and I would say particularly on the office side. As you look through our portfolio, we’ve had some really good success really across the board across all of our markets at getting some of the assessments reduced which is resulted in some lower real estate tax expenses.
Denny Oklak: Sure, I'll touch on that, Josh. Yes, we just had so many big transactions that we were working on and closed really late in the year. The pipeline is down a little bit right now, but it’s – on the industrial side, today, we have a number of smaller portfolios or single tenant industrial buildings that are really actually in process in the markets that we are targeting. The medical office business is pretty much the same, there is a few mostly small portfolios that we’re looking at and talking to people about today. But I think it’s – if you look at our guidance, we're at this point in time not projecting what I would call a bang-out year like we had in 2010, but we'll keep looking. And I think there is probably a pretty good opportunity in 2011 that we will see if some, at least, larger industrial portfolios come out, which we’ll certainly monitor and track and make sure that they are the quality and in the geographic locations that we want to be in. So, hopefully, we'll also see some of those this year.
Denny Oklak: Well, first of all, Sloan, I'd like to think that our stock is up on our performance, as I believe it is, because last – when I looked before we got on the call, I think we were up a little bit more than both of those companies, at least looking today. So it’s – I don't think that transaction really changes our outlook on anything, that potential transaction I should say it appears, but it's in the potential stage now. We are still working our way through our strategy. When we rolled this specific strategy out a little over a year ago now, we were very clear that this would – that we were going to give us time to execute on this. It wasn't going to happen overnight and it takes the time. We clearly could have gone out and brought a lot more industrial this year. We saw, we looked at a lot more than we actually bought, but we are very focused on the specific time and location of properties we want to own. So I think we’ve been very selective and really have ended up with tremendous portfolio on the acquisition side. And I think we will continue to do that. We’ve said that this is going to take a little bit out to 2013 and we will execute as we go. I think one area we are very pleased on obviously is with the CBRE transaction that we closed about a third – I guess in the third or fourth quarter. We think that's a great indication when you look at the value of those properties, a great indication of the value of our overall office portfolio. And so, we also are seeing a little bit more interest on the investment side, on the office – in the office business today and we’ve started to see a few lenders come out and enter the suburban office space which I think bodes well for what we're trying to accomplish on that side.
Denny Oklak: No, no, not all long-term leases. We’ve got long-term leases in other places and not all of the properties that went in there have long-term leases on them. A number of them, as I said, they're multi-tenant with staggered lease expirations.
Denny Oklak: Yes, I’ll give you my thoughts as they are today. I don't really see a significant impact to be quite honest with you, Jamie. I think there's a couple of reasons that I would say that. One is – I guess, first of all, both of those two companies have obviously fairly significant US industrial presence, but they really have been focused internationally for a number of years now. And we really don't run into either one of those folks all that much and really very little quite honestly in most of our markets. And I think in – again, they do have a larger concentration in Southern California which we don't have a presence in. So I have a little bit more trouble speaking to that market, which is obviously a big distribution market. But we're pretty much in all the major distribution markets outside of that around the country. And I don't see that it has a major influence on us. The other thing is, they have – I think one of the other things if you look at is, in recent, ProLogis strategy in the last couple of years, they sold a lot of their domestic assets, including the recent transaction with Blackstone and the transaction they completed probably about a year ago, or maybe it's longer than that now with Stockbridge and the Texas Teachers. So, they actually sold a lot of their domestic assets. So, they’ve downsized quite a bit and have focused more internationally. So, again, I think when you look at it, we're always running head to head with a lot of other folks. Typically, we've probably had more competition from some of the larger private developers and some of those other names that you know out there in a lot of our markets. So, obviously they will be a very big company and I think they’ll – in certain ways they may be formidable I guess, but I just can't see that it is really going to have that significant effect on us, but we wish them well.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: :
Denny Oklak: Well, I haven't heard of anybody. I would like to. I talked to those brokers, but I really haven't heard of anybody thinking about it yet, to be honest with you, clearly not on the office side, I don't think anywhere on the industrial side. I think maybe in a couple markets like, I think we mentioned, Houston has been a very good market. And if you look at the vacancy statistics in Houston, it was under 7%, I think, towards the end of last year. So, we actually did start a building and it's partially pre-leased, it's a little under 50% preleased and it's not a huge building, it’s 300,000 square feet. So in that market, we’ve got that building under construction and feel very comfortable with it. Sitting here today, there aren't really, I don't think, any other markets where we – sitting here today that I would say we are even considering starting any spec projects on the industrial or office side. Hopefully, we'll see some more built-to-suits. We got a nice built-to-suit over in Columbus this year. But if you look at it, I think it's interesting. I saw a statistic today that there was only 17 million square feet of new industrial space started in 2010, I believe is what I read. And so that is really unbelievably low and if we look at it, we started about 1.6 million square feet of that. And so, I think we are cautiously optimistic that we may see a few more built-to-suit opportunities heading into 2011, because again a lot of the larger spaces have been taken now. And if a tenant needs to have a bigger space, it may not be available. But I still think on the spec basis, I would be very surprised if we see anybody start anything in the first half of this year.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Well, first of all, we want to get this repositioning done as quickly as we can, because we think that's the right thing to do long-term and we can’t – we couldn't do that all through development. It’s just not – with the development levels we see for the next three to five years, I just don't think we could do that. I will say three years, because five years I can't predict. The next three years, we don't think we could do that. And again, going back to my point that, we aren't really looking at it as an acquisition strategy, it's a disposition acquisition strategy. So, we are also selling, you are right that their pricing is pretty competitive on some of the industrial assets and some of the medical office assets, but we also think we are getting really nice pricing on the non-strategic and suburban office assets that we are selling today too. So I think that's the way we look at it. And then, the other thing I would point out is, I mentioned, we looked at lot of assets that we didn't buy last year, because it just didn't really fit into the strategy or we got outbid on the pricing. So, we looked at a lot more assets and bid on more assets than we actually got. So we are being, I think, very diligent in the process here and ending up. But I think when you look at our two major transactions in 2010, they were both big off-market deals and we are able to do that because of who we are, really in our contacts within the industry, people know us, people trust us, we've got great credibility, and the market knows what we were looking for. We made it very clear, so not only you all on the call as investors, but all the real estate community out there knows what we are looking for. So we find those opportunities and the bulk of the acquisitions we did last year was really off market, so we are pleased with that.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think if you actually look at the occupancy level of – on average to where we ended up in 2010 and where our average guidance is for 2011, there is not a whole lot of occupancy improvement in that, it's just a little bit. So on average, we ended up quite a bit better than we thought in 2010 and so, now we're saying we can hold that, do some upfront, get it back later in the year, but on average, stay about the same. I think the other thing when you look at it is, we count same store with NOI. So you got – it's not all driven by occupancy, because you got free rent factored into almost every deal you do today, so some of that free rent was burning off and we were starting to get NOI from those properties in 2010. Now heading into 2011, that free rent is gone which is good, so we're getting the cash, but we don't have as much burning off as we did in 2010, and so that burn-off has a greater impact on the increase. So we're starting from a higher base is really the bottom line. And then also, as we said, we're factoring in some more negative rent spreads heading into 2011. Again, I think in that 0% to 5% range is probably where we're going to end up the year kind of on an average basis, maybe a little bit worse on the office side, a little bit better on the industrial side.
Denny Oklak: Yes, it's pro rata and we're looking at, I mean, basically it's – they're pretty closer to same Michael, undepreciated book value and then NOI metrics. So, we are – I would tell you we're going to make sure sort of the NOI gets there, that's really what we're looking at. I think it will get there.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: :
Denny Oklak: And then looking back at the asset strategy, actually we haven't really re-run that schedule yet, we'll be doing it here shortly to see exactly where we are to get to those 60% industrial, about 25% suburban, and about 15% medical office. But I think we're probably now, if you look at where we are, we probably got about $500 million to $700 million of increase in medical office to get us from the 6% to the 15%. And then, we probably have about another $1 billion or so to $1.2 billion of kind of flip-flop between office and industrial, and then I think we will – we would be at those numbers. So, when you think about it, we accomplished about $1 billion last year of repositioning, selling office and buying industrial. And so, if we could do that again this year which again we're not putting in our guidance, but if we could do that again this year then we would be just about done.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: :
Denny Oklak: Well, I think if you go back to a little over a year ago, I guess third quarter of '09 when we did – we did take an impairment charge on that land. We took about a 25% to 30% impairment charge on about 30% of land that we said we were going to sell. So far we – since that time, we've probably sold 15%, 20% of that land and we've sold it at or above those impaired value. So I think on that parcel of land, it was about $250 million, now it's down to probably around $200 million or so. I think that's fairly valued, because we took the impairment charge. And then the better stuff is what we didn't take the impairment charge on and we want to hold long-term. So again, I'm very comfortable with the valuation that what we're carrying at on our book. So to me, I think if you really look at our land bank, we obviously haven't taken any more impairment, so we’ve got no issues with the valuation we're carrying on our book. So that to me is the right number to look at.Michael Knott – Green Street Advisors: Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Sure, Dave, I can answer that. Yes, I just think what we really saw starting in about late third quarter, early fourth quarter of '09, particularly through I would say the end of the third quarter 2010, was really pretty significant leasing activity in the industrial business, pretty significant net absorption, didn’t show up nationally until second quarter last year, but we were feeling it in the sort of fourth quarter of the year of 2009. And that was because the retailers were coming off such low inventory levels after the '08 Christmas season and all of the things that were going on in '09 that they really had to restock pretty significantly. And I think my sense is that when you look at where we ended up at the end of 2010 that most of those retailers had gotten back to a level on the inventory side that was going to be fairly stable for a while. They have picked up a lot of the downsides, and now from here on now it's going to be – growth in their business will also, I think, lead to growth in their inventory. Obviously and I think the rate of absorption we saw from sort of fourth quarter '09 through fourth quarter 2010 is probably going to slow a little bit. I think we'll still have some growth. In our business, I would say it hasn't slowed a whole lot. It actually was very good in the fourth quarter when you think about all the leasing activity we did $5.8 million. And just looking forward, I just think that rate of growth is going to slow some. And then also as I said, I think the rental rates are going to stabilize in most markets, either are stabilized or will be stabilizing here in the next few months, but I still think there's not going to be a lot of upward pressure on industrial rental rates through most of this year, could be a couple of exceptions in a couple of markets, but most markets, I don't think we are going to see a lot of upward pressure on the rental rates. Does that help?Dave Rodgers – RBC Capital Markets: :
Denny Oklak: Well, Ki Bin, I think all of our space is always under some kind of negotiation, but when I look at the lease expiration schedule, we've got about 10% of our portfolio overall, including JV rolling in 2010. I would say the expiration rate on the industrial is a little bit higher than the office heading into next year, because we've got some larger spaces as we keep talking about. Again, it's just so hard to answer that specific question, Ki Bin, because that it’s kind of spread all across the system. But we've got pretty good activity, one of the things we do is we have a report that we go over at least monthly with all of our city leaders or business unit heads and we go through their top five vacant spaces which – the top five vacant spaces actually is about 75% of our overall vacancy within the Company, 70% to 75%, so we're covering specifically 70% of our vacancy at least once a month. And for the most part there is decent activity on most of the spaces. There is a handful where we just don't have any activity right now, but I would tell you the level today is actually pretty good comparatively speaking, historically. It really was pretty solid, really solid heading into the fourth quarter, and again we had a good solid leasing quarter. And then, as typical when you get into January, everybody takes a deep breath because they just try to get everything closed before year end. I also think January appears to me to be a little bit slow because we've seen to have had a lot of weather issues all around the country, Atlanta was closed for a week here in January basically. So I think it has been a little bit slow, but I think there is still decent activity out there.
Denny Oklak: I would say it's very comparable. It may be up just a little bit from the first quarter of last year, January of last year, but again, it's just sort of a space-by-space analysis for us today. So, it’s – I don’t – I am not seeing anything that causes me any concern.
Denny Oklak: I would say we got pretty good interest in – we've got a couple of spaces, bigger spaces in Atlanta and we've got pretty good interest. We haven't had a lot of discussion of this Savannah one, because we do not know whether the tenant is going to remain in there yet and so there hasn't been a lot of discussion on that one right now quite honestly.
Denny Oklak: Well – no, I don't think we said a big piece was for real estate taxes. Some of that revenue increase in the office side was from lower – are from real estate tax adjustments. But I think most of our same store was driven last year by occupancy increases, really. Again, occupancy increases that burn off of free rent were the biggest factors driving 2010 NOI growth. But just getting back to your question, I think we still got a fairly long way to go on the real estate tax side. I mean, I think we made some really good progress in the second half of last year, really had our team focused on it. We have an in-house real estate tax group that's very experienced that has been doing this for a long time and we were very successful last year which is obviously not surprising when you think about what values have done over sort of 2008 and 2009 and how those real estate tax cycles work. So I think we can see some more good progress this year and we’ve got a few more places to work through.
Denny Oklak: Yes, I think there is probably about, I would guess 30% to 35% of our portfolio to go and I think we'll get to most of that this year.
Denny Oklak:: But in most of the other markets, and particularly on the office side, those rents are rolling down. The industrial rents, I think are starting to firm up a little bit. And as you look back on 2010, we finally had three quarters in a row, the last three quarters of 2010, where globally we had positive net absorption in the industrial business on a national basis, and that was after like six quarters in a row of negative absorption. So, one of the things that I think was very positive about 2010 is in most of the markets, a lot of the bigger blocks of space got taken up. So, we're seeing on the bigger blocks of space now some tightness in a lot more of the markets than we were seeing a year ago. And usually when that happens, I think you start to see some upward pressure on the rental rates. So my sense is that industrial rates are going to sort of firm up here this year. I wouldn't anticipate much in a way of rental rate growth anywhere on industrial though before the first part of next year.
Denny Oklak:: When you look at the fourth quarter, it was that one industrial building in Houston that I mentioned, plus several medical office buildings. And we are typically getting yields on the medical office buildings starting kind of in that mid-eight to low-nine range with very nice bumps, typically the pre-leasing activity that we have in there are at least ten-year leases, sometimes as long as 15. We are – as you can see, I think those were 56% pre-lease, so there's a little bit of lease-up in there, but again, those are all pretty much on campus, medical office buildings are doing well. Looking at the project we did in Houston, we're very pleased with the yield on that, that one is kind of in the mid to high eights on a nice industrial building in Houston and not a whole lot of risk, 47% pre-leased and actually, I think we're close on about half of the remaining building – remaining space in the building. And so I think that one's going to move along pretty quickly. We're very pleased when we signed the big build-to-suit over in Columbus in about August I think. We had a nice yield on that, starting in the mid-to-high eights and again, with some rent growths and a long-term lease. So I think if people – if there is development opportunities today, the yields are pretty good out there. And so, we're going to continue to focus and look for opportunities.
Denny Oklak:: So looking into 2011, I think we are going to – we still have quite a ways to go, even though we're going to finish in September, we got quite a ways to go on that BRAC project and a pretty significant volume this year. So, I think we're going to have fairly consistent FFO from service operations this year as we basically said. Going forward, I think when you look at it, you're right, Brendan, we typically were in the range of probably $15 million to $25 million to maybe $30 million. It is a little bit volatile, that's why we don't want it to be a big piece of our business. But I think as we head off into 2012, you can expect it to be down into that $15 million to $30 million range again depending on what kind of projects we lay in and another big driver of that is if we do projects on our own land, we generally have higher margins in there. So – but I think a normal run rate is going to be in that $15 million to $30 million range long-term.
