James Connor: Thanks, Ron, and good afternoon, everyone. I will open by saying as always, we hope you and your families are safe and healthy, and that you have the opportunity to be vaccinated. The fundamentals of our business continue to be as good as ever. We've now had 2 successive quarters of demand breaking all-time records. Our development platform had a record first quarter of starts, and our core portfolio continues to perform at the top of the class. Our liquidity position and sources of capital are very attractively priced to capture opportunities, including our execution of 2 green debt transactions. All of these drivers result in us raising key components of our 2021 guidance that roll up to double-digit growth in expected core FFO and AFFO with the midpoints. Now let me turn it over to Steve to cover our operations.
James Connor: Thank you, Mark. In closing, a strong economic recovery is unfolding, and numerous secular drivers are continuing to create unparalleled opportunities for our platform to capture growth from rising rental rates, high-margin development opportunities and from raising capital at a very low cost. We're very pleased with our team's execution in the first quarter and now with our expected double-digit growth in core FFO and AFFO. As long as these multiple tailwinds can sustain and as long as the economy continues to recover, we're optimistic we can achieve similar levels of growth for the foreseeable future, that are hopeful it should lead to corresponding increases in our annual quarterly dividend. Thank you for your interest and your support, and we will now open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Don, you can open up the lines, and we'll now take questions.
James Connor: Yes. Thanks, Blaine. I'll start and then Steve can give you a little color. We've been dealing with land prices escalating for a number of years now. So that's not anything out of the ordinary. Steel is the latest one, and a lot of people are talking about that. One of the advantages of being a national developer is, a, the number of relationships that we have, the leverage that we have and our team's ability to go out and accelerate some of the design and procurement. So sitting here today, we can comfortably tell you that we have the steel we need to finish everything that's in the development pipeline for the balance of the year. And I think Steve can give a little more color on what some of the local teams are doing.
James Connor: Sure. John Kim, I'll tell you, I think we're - there's competition everywhere. I do think the private players, particularly the larger private players, have been active on the merchant development front. Our focus and where we've got our landholdings in the high-barrier markets, I think we indicated in our release that 88% of our land is now in the coastal Tier 1 markets. The competition there, the vacancy rates there many times are less than 2%. So I think we're comfortable with that. I would tell you, in terms of markets we're concerned about our monitoring supply, there's always going to be a handful of submarkets scattered around. But Houston is the one that we - we have no intentions of starting any projects in Houston, but that market needs to shore itself up a bit.
James Connor: Yes, Caitlin, I would tell you, as I kind of tried to reference in my closing remarks, if the economy continues to recover, as it certainly is indicating it has, and we're able to achieve the kind of GDP growth in the second half of the year that most of the leading banks are projecting, yes, we think next year is going to be a very, very good year. And we should have ample opportunity to do a comparable level of volume.
James Connor: Sure. Vince, I'll take a stab. I'll tell you, I think there's - clearly, the numbers that get published are on a macro basis. You really need to dig into the individual submarkets. I think some of the high-barrier infill coastal markets are pushing high single-digit rent growth, if not double digit. I think in the center part of the country, where you have less barriers to supply, you're probably in the lower single digits. That probably averages out to that 6% to 7% rent growth that we've been seeing from CBRE. So I don't know if that - hopefully, that answers your question. There is obviously discrepancy by availability of supply.
James Connor: I think the two markets you indicated are extremely active, very low vacancy rates, very little new supply being added that's not being absorbed quickly. And so those two markets are doing really well. I think Seattle continues to perform well. There was - I'd say Northern California had a bit of a slowdown. I think it was more affected, COVID-related, but seems to be coming back pretty strong with what we have there.
James Connor: Well, Rich, it's Jim. I'll start out and give you my perspective. Nick can chime in. I sleep very well at night with the amount of Amazon exposure we have, given their credit profile and their growth. But part of it is input from the rating agencies and managing that. Part of it is, as Steve alluded to earlier, we have a very active development and leasing pipeline with Amazon. So left unfettered, that number is just going to continue to grow at a very, very rapid pace. And what Nick's guys are able to do, as he detailed to one of the earlier questions, is pull out the assets that have probably the lowest escalations, are in the markets where we have the least amount of upside, so to speak, and select those for outright sales and some for the joint venture. And some are in the infill markets that we work really, really hard to get a hold of. And those are incredibly valuable assets, and we want to hold those for the long term. So Nick, you can add [indiscernible].
James Connor: Yes, Rich, I'll make a couple of high-level comments. I will tell you that the amount of interaction that our local operating teams have had with our tenants, starting well over a year ago in helping them manage COVID protocols and enhancing the environment for the safety of their associates. Second, the work that we've done with our own people in the development of our buildings because the number of people that we have on site when we're building a building. So those increased protocols and safety in general. So I won't say that any of it is in reaction to horrible events like what we saw at the FedEx facility. But I will tell you, the amount of interaction on all of those subjects with our tenants is probably double today from what it was 18 months ago.
James Connor: Yes, Brent, I would just add just one other point. Even the impact of the incident at the Suez Canal, and while that doesn't necessarily impact logistics and shipping to the U.S., it just reinforces the need for these major companies to have additional safety stock because of the vulnerability we all have, given incidents that can happen anywhere in the globe. So this is not a passing trend. This is something that we're going to deal with, obviously, very positive for our sector, but for the next 2 to 3 years.
James Connor: Thanks, Don. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to engaging with many of you throughout the rest of the year. Don, you may disconnect the line.
Steven Schnur: Thanks, Jim. I'll first cover overall market fundamentals, then review our operational results. Industrial net absorption in the first quarter according to CBRE registered an impressive 100 million square feet, marking the first time that demand has exceeded 100 million square feet in consecutive quarters. This was more than enough to offset new supply as completions dipped to 57 million square feet from about 70 million square feet in the fourth quarter of 2020. This positive net absorption over deliveries for the quarter reduced vacancy down to 4.4%, which is back down near the record levels we saw throughout most of 2019. The strong mix and fundamentals increased asking rents by over 7% compared to the previous year. CBRE now projects demand for the full year to surpass 300 million square feet, perhaps even breaking the 2016 record of 327 million square feet. They project deliveries to be about 300 million square feet as well. The overall sector continues to remain very much in balance, which will produce another year of growth in asking rents of high single digits nationally. On the macroeconomic front, the increasing pace of vaccinations, the stimulus being pumped into the U.S. economy and the arrival of spring weather has generated some significant recent data points indicative of a very strong year in our business. The recent March consumer confidence rating is back near the range of 2018 and 2019, and the GDP growth is projected to be in the 6% to 7% range. This bodes very well for demand in logistics real estate. And in addition, we have the secular drivers in our business that remain firmly intact and stronger than prepandemic. To that point, the growth in retail sales and e-commerce sales across the 2-month February and March period were up 12% and 28%, respectively. And perhaps more notably, when measured against the 2019 pre - nonpandemic time frame, the recent February and March figures were up 15% and 43%, respectively. In addition, the experience of the supply chain bottlenecks and response for greater business inventory redundancy is expected to push the retail inventory to sales ratio to above historic levels, yet it now sits near record low levels. Demand by occupier type remains broad-based and very active, with pure e-commerce, omnichannel retailers, 3PLs, health care supply firms and food and beverage companies leading the way. Now I'll turn to our own portfolio. We executed a very solid first quarter by signing 7.4 million square feet of new leases. On first-generation leasing, we signed 3 transactions to stabilize assets that were previously in the unstabilized in-service and spec development pools, including 146,000-square-foot lease on a spec development in Southern California, Mid-Counties submarket for 100% of the space. The lease activity for the quarter, combined with strong fundamentals I mentioned, led to continued growth in rents in our portfolio as we reported 11.4% cash, 26.2% on a GAAP basis. The mark-to-market on our portfolio leases is at 17% below market rental rates, which is supportive of continued strong rent growth. We also had an exceptional quarter of development starts. As initially reflected in our press release last month, on top of the $373 million of starts we reported in the press release, at quarter end, we signed another $39 million project in the Tampa's market, which is build-to-suit for an e-commerce retailer. In total, we started 11 projects during the quarter, totaling 3.8 million square feet and $412 million in cost. These projects were 60% preleased with value creation estimated near 40%. We're very - we're also very proud that 3 of the 4 build-to-suits we signed during the quarter was repeat customers. Our development pipeline at quarter end totaled $1.4 billion with 68% allocated to our coastal Tier 1 markets. The pipeline - this pipeline was 65% preleased as of March 31. Looking forward and consistent with the strong fundamentals I discussed and our best-in-class local operating teams, our outlook for new development starts is as strong as it's ever been, as reflected by our revised guidance of over 30% from our original midpoint. I'll also note, we do expect our pipeline preleasing percentage to potentially drop a bit in future quarters as we put fully leased assets in service and start more speculative development projects in high-barrier Tier 1 submarkets where fundamentals are very strong. I'll now turn it over to Nick Anthony to cover acquisitions and disposition.
Steven Schnur: Sure, Blaine. I would just tell you, steel is gaining a lot of headlines, lumber is another one. Land has - obviously, as Jim indicated, has been up significantly for a number of years. Rents are certainly keeping pace. Cap rates are helping. I think the bigger concern, I guess, or cautious thing that we pay attention to is the time frames. Steel is pushed from 10 to 12 weeks to probably 24 to 26 weeks. So more upfront cooperation with architects and tenants to get projects started to make sure you can deliver on time.
Steven Schnur: No, Jamie, this is Steve. I don't think so. I think 3PLs continue to be very, very active. And I think that's centered around e-commerce. It's also centered around the theme you've been hearing about for a while with inventory redundancy. So that's probably the most active. 3PLs have always been active, but I think right now is they've sort of taken over the lead by a wide margin over anyone else.
Steven Schnur: Sure, Nick. This is Steve. Yes. We're - it's a case-by-case basis, but we are certainly pushing the envelope. I think this quarter, we did not have very much role on the coasts. So our results, which we were happy with on the rent growth side, I think there's some upward trajectory to what we'll do the rest of the year. We're continuing to push rents. We're having some difficult conversations. They aren't easy conversations, but we're willing to take some space back if we need to.
Steven Schnur: Yes. We just looked at that. It's in the low 40s mark-to-market. So we have quite a bit of upside in our landholdings.
Steven Schnur: Yes. The second part of your question on the development opportunities, obviously, developing at the margins we are, the more we can do, the better. I think we pay attention to what our exposure is relative to the overall size of our company, and we're at roughly 9% now. I think we'd start to get nervous if we were 12%, 13%, something like that.
Steven Schnur: Yes, Dave, this is Steve. You're a little broken up, but I think you asked about lease rates by size and maybe location. I would tell you, for us, again, the portfolio that we operate, our best-performing size segment this past quarter was 100 million to 250 million. I think historically, going back the last, call it, 6 or 8 quarters, it'd be - I would tell you, it's tended to be better on larger size. So I would expect that to be the case this year based on the demand we're seeing. It's hard with 1 quarter into the year to read much into that. But for us, the large-size segment continues to be the most active.
Steven Schnur: Yes. I think - well, I would tell you, we read the same research reports that you guys do, and I think 5% to 10% seems to be what everyone talks about, which translates somewhere in the neighborhood of 0.5 billion square feet of demand. We see cases of it every day now, where we're talking to - whether it's retailers, e-commerce groups, a lot of the 3PL activity. Transportation costs are going to rise significantly with the new administration and a lot of things going on. And I think you're going to see more distribution to offset transportation costs, more distribution points around the country to offset transportation costs. We're seeing some of the production start to move back to North America and Central America, which I think will lead to more suppliers needing space here. So as Jim indicated, a lot of tailwinds in our back right now.
Steven Schnur: Yes. Jason, this is Steve. There's - I think we're starting to see some of that. Obviously, that takes a long time when you're talking about changing production from China to other locations. But you're starting to see some headlines. I know Walmart had a recent announcement about some of the production they're trying to bring back. And it may not be manufacture of goods, but the way goods are assembled, the way they're packaged, coming back, reshoring. So I know Northern Mexico, we don't operate there. But obviously, our Texas folks and California folks deal with goods coming in from there. That activity has been pretty significant. You talked to some of the folks in those markets, and that activity is starting to hit in Northern Mexico right now.
Nicholas Anthony: Thanks, Steve. For the quarter, we sold $94 million of assets comprised of 2 facilities in Houston as well as 2 facilities in Indianapolis owned in a 50-50 joint venture. In turn, we used part of these proceeds to acquire 3 buildings totaling 680,000 square feet for $51 million, including 1 asset in Southern California's IE West submarket and 1 in Northern New Jersey's Meadowlands submarket. The third facility acquired was in the Indianapolis Airport submarket and was part of a joint venture liquidation and asset swap. These buildings were all 100% leased within markets where we expect strong market rent growth that will contribute to long-term IRRs well in excess of the assets we sold. From a strategic positioning standpoint, the net effect of our development, disposition and acquisition activity this quarter moves our coastal Tier 1 exposure to over 42% of GAV. We've begun marketing a few Midwestern assets leased to Amazon for outright sale, while certain assets leased to Amazon in other noncoastal Tier 1 markets may either be sold outright or contributed to a joint venture. In addition, the more recent news on disposition in last night's press release, that we are now marketing for sale our entire 5.2 million-square-foot St. Louis portfolio. The rationale on the sale is threefold. One, we are taking advantage of increased investor demand for logistics assets; two, the portfolio accelerates our strategic objective to increase our exposure to coastal Tier 1 markets; and three, it will provide a source of funds for our increasing development pipeline. As a result, we have raised the midpoint of our full year expected dispositions by $400 million. Altogether, we expect our planned 2021 disposition activity to be weighted toward the middle of the year. I will now turn our call over to Mark to discuss our financial results and guidance update.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, Blaine. So most of the other assets are sort of one-offs, a couple of Class B, but mostly long-term credit deals, a lot of them leased to Amazon. So that makes up the rest of it. There's really no portfolios in that guidance number outside of the St. Louis portfolio. As far as pricing goes, we continue to see cap rate compression. It's - the secondary markets have compressed more recently than the coastal markets. But especially some of these Amazon assets, we've been very pleased with the pricing that we're seeing on those transactions as well. So I'd say, over the last 90 days, there's probably been another 25 bps on compression.
Nicholas Anthony: This is Nick. The question was, why not JV the St. Louis assets? Generally, we have kept them work. We tried to keep our model more simplistic. And we don't think, strategically, a joint venture there would make as much sense and maybe in some other instances where you could grow it. I just don't know how you - what you would do with it going forward.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. What I would add is this was an opportunity to basically improve our geography going forward and also improve our growth profile going forward just to make - to help improve performance in the future.
Nicholas Anthony: Well, they're certainly - it's sort of a mixed bag. It's not as black and white as you might think. Obviously, the long-term credit deals are garnering very low cap rates. A lot of them are brand-new, new development. A lot of the portfolio deals that you see out there are a blend of Class A and Class B assets, and a lot of it depends on where the rents are in relation to market. So they generally trade at higher cap rates. And the buyer pool is not necessarily as deep on those because they're a little harder to underwrite and get your hands around. But it is sort of comparing apples and oranges there on those 2 different types.
Nicholas Anthony: We - yes. Typically, on the acquisition side, we focused on 1 to 3 assets at a time because we want to focus on buying what we want, where we want it. So it complements our strategy. Typically, when we've done larger portfolios, we got lucky with the Bridge transaction several years ago because it's all where we wanted it. But typically, what happens on some of these portfolios is you get a lot of assets and locations that you wouldn't normally want to be in, and it creates a lot of friction and noise trying to reposition those portfolios after you get them.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. I mean, we're looking at all the different levers as far as monetizing assets. One of the things that we've talked about is managing our - being prudent about managing our Amazon exposure going forward because we continue to do a significant amount of business with them. And I think their exposure at the end of this quarter is right around 9%. And we'd probably rather be in the 4% to 7% range going forward on that. So there are some assets that maybe we don't want to sell outright because of where they are or what type of asset they are. And we may take advantage of a JV structure in that case. And then that might be something that we can use to monetize future assets similar to that going forward.
Nicholas Anthony: No. I think we're evaluating all that stuff. Obviously, we need to do something - a decent amount of monetization to make sense to manage the Amazon exposure. But we don't have any hard numbers in mind.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. We have - we had discussions, but we've always had discussions with partners over the time. We talked to a lot of our existing partners about this whole concept on a regular basis.
Nicholas Anthony: No. I mean - no. I think historically, we've used more of the JV structure. Could it be a JV with multiple partners? Maybe. But not necessarily a fund structure.
Nicholas Anthony: Fortunately for us, they were long-term leases with Amazon, so it was a great experience. The buyer pools were very deep, and the pricing was very good, like we're seeing across the country. So that was obviously the reason why those went well for us.
Nicholas Anthony: No. I think we're cognizant of our exposure there, but we have no plans to exit Houston in the future. So we just keep an eye on it and manage it.
Nicholas Anthony: Mike, this is Nick. I'll take the first part, and I'm sure Steve will take the second part. In terms of what we're looking to sell outright versus joint venture, it's primarily location-driven for the most part. Generally, it's the growth profile of the asset. So if it's an asset that has a good embedded rent growth and a market that has good prospective rent growth going forward, we're probably more likely to put it in the JV versus sell it outright. So that's generally how we've looked at it. And then the second part of your question...
Nicholas Anthony: Yes, I think that's right. And we're just - we're trying to be prudent in our diversification of our overall portfolio in terms of assets, geography and tenant exposure. So we're just trying to maintain a good balance.
Nicholas Anthony: Yes. This is Nick. We have seen a change there. Obviously, a lot of the normal usual suspects we see in the bidder pools. But we've also seen a lot of new names pop up. Some of them are high net worth family offices. Some of them are sovereign-based, Spanish, Latin America, what have you. Some of them are rotating - or a lot of these are rotating out of other asset classes into our asset class. So there is an increased investor base that's looking for these assets in these bidder pools, for sure.
Mark Denien: Thanks, Nick. Good afternoon, everyone. Core FFO for the quarter was $0.39 per share, which represents 18% growth over the first quarter of 2020. We've been saying for the last few quarters that we expected our core FFO growth rates to accelerate and begin to approach our already strong AFFO growth rates. The results from the current quarter and our revised guidance certainly reflect this. AFFO totaled $140 million for the quarter. Our best-in-class low level of capital expenditures, along with the strong NOI growth, continues to generate significant AFFO growth to reinvest into our business. Our best-in-sector rent collections continued in the first quarter of 2021 with more than 99.9% of rents collected. We have also collected more than 99.9% of April rents. And we now only have $52,000 under deferral arrangements remaining to be collected and had effectively no bad debt expense in the first quarter. Same-property NOI growth on a cash basis for the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of 2020 was 6.3%. The growth in same-property NOI was due to increased occupancy and rent growth as well as the burn-off of free rent compared to the first quarter of 2020. We do expect this growth to moderate for the remainder of the year based on tougher occupancy comps and less free rent burn-off, but to remain strong nonetheless. We finished the quarter with no outstanding borrowings on our own secured line of credit, which we renewed in March and extended through March of 2026, including our extension options. We reduced our borrowing rate by 10 basis points compared to the previous facility. As part of our commitment to corporate responsibility, the credit facility also includes an incremental reduction in borrowing costs as certain sustainability-linked metrics are achieved each year. Our future debt maturities are well sequenced with less than 3% of our total outstanding debt being scheduled to mature prior to the end of 2023. As a result of our strong start to 2021, we announced revised core FFO guidance for 2021 to a range of $1.65 to $1.71 per share compared to the previous range of $1.62 to $1.68 per share. The $1.68 per share midpoint of our revised core FFO guidance represents an over 10% increase over 2020 results. We also announced revised guidance for growth in AFFO on a share adjusted basis to range between 8.0% and 12.3%, with a midpoint of 10.1% compared to the previous range of 5.8% to 10.1%. This increased earnings growth expectation is impressive when considering we are increasing current-year disposition expectations by $400 million to fund development projects that will not contribute to earnings until 2022 and beyond. For same-property NOI growth on a cash basis, we've increased our guidance to a range of 4.1% to 4.9% from the previous range of 3.6% to 4.4%. We continue to outperform our underwriting assumptions for speculative developments, both in the timing of lease-up and in rental rates achieved, and continue to maintain a solid list of build-to-suit projects. Based on this, our revised guidance for development starts is between $950 million and $1.1 billion compared to the previous range of $700 million to $900 million. This increase in development starts will provide a key source of growth in 2022 and beyond. As Nick mentioned, we intend to take advantage of the investment sales market pricing to prefund a significant portion of our development pipeline with an increase in dispositions. Our guidance for dispositions has been revised to between $900 million and $1.1 billion compared to the initial range of $500 million to $700 million. We've updated a couple of other components of our guidance based on our more optimistic outlook as detailed in our range of estimates exhibit, including our supplemental information on our website. I'll now turn it back to Jim for a few closing remarks.
Mark Denien: Well, I guess we're using a little bit of everything, Manny. I mean, we did issue a little bit on our ATM in the first quarter. I guess what I would say, and Nick can follow up on this, the St. Louis exit has sort of been on a list for a while. It's really more of an acceleration, something we were probably going to do down the road anyway. And as our development pipeline opportunities ramped up, we just kind of pulled forward some things that we're going to do anyway. But we'll continue to use a little bit of everything as long as our capital is attractively priced.
Mark Denien: Let me start that, Caitlin. This is Mark. One thing we've been talking a lot about where the leases we have that are rolling where they're located, over 40% of our NOI now are in the coastal markets. This quarter, it just so happened that only about 10% of our roll was in the coastal markets. So I think that we're still very happy with 12% plus or minus cash and almost 30 gap when 90% of that roll were in noncoastal markets. You won't see us get to the 40% roll that our portfolio looks like for a few years down the road. But I think you will see us pushing closer to 20% to 25% of our roll. For the next year, 1.5 years, we'll start to be more in those coastal markets. So that does give us the opportunity to get those rates up even higher than what they were this quarter. I don't know if Steve wants to add anything to that. But just a little point on where the - I think it's important to know where the roll was. And when 90% of our noncoastal markets we still achieve those numbers, we're pretty happy with that.
Mark Denien: Yes, Dave, this is Mark. Yes, at the end of last year on the January call, I guess, we talked about 4 or 5 tenants. And I guess, first off, I'd say these were not significant tenants, but there were 4 or 5, we were basically in the process of trying to get evicted and re-tenant that space. So the good news is all of that space has been backfilled. In fact, a couple of those tenants actually got current on their rent and went through some M&A transactions themselves. Got current, they're going to stay in the space after all. Another couple of them, the other half, I would say, we've now got out of the space. We've got leases signed to backfill it. There probably will be some downtime in rent here in the second quarter, but the leases are all signed, and we should be back up full running with better rents and better credit obviously come Q3.
