Tom Olinger: Yeah. Manny, let me try to answer that question. The supply chain is very long and it’s gotten longer in the last 10 years. So basically, what happened is, think of it as a big long hose and somebody turned off the water and the hose ran dry and as the economies came back, that hose got opened and production started and is now flowing through the supply chain. So it is not flowing smoothly and the old models for predicting demand and carrying inventory are basically thrown out the window. So inventory particularly, mid-product inventory, not finished product inventory sort of ends up piling up in different places, because if there’s one part missing into something, it’s going to hold up the inventory. The other 99 parts have to be stored somewhere. So it’s creating a pretty significant extra demand just to balance out the system given that the buffers are not predictable anymore. So the natural follow-up question from that, I would guess, would be, well, do you guys think about this being a one-time event or a sustainable event? And I would say, this particular factor is likely to be a temporary. Although, probably two-year or three-year type of process before everything straightens out. But right behind that are the two big structural drivers that on top of normal absorption. They include increased share of e-commerce and inventory levels being higher than prior to the pandemic and those two things people aren’t even thinking about right now, because they’re struggling to keep their heads above water. So I think the short-term thing is really interesting. It’s great for headlines and all that. But I think the much more interesting factor in terms of assessing the quality of our business is their long-term driver -- are the two long-term drivers of demand on top of the normal drivers of demand.
Tom Olinger: So, Jamie, I will also add that it’s market-specific, it’s actually submarket-specific. And in terms of how do we protect ourselves, we do this all the time, whether it’s a strong market or a weak market, we’re always monitoring where is that supply going to come from. So I don’t think we really change our protocols in that sense.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. I will take that. So I will anchor you back. Well, first of all, the increase is all driven to high market rent growth. And I think, as I mentioned in my remarks, we’re almost 22% today and there is an arrow up, just given a very minimal role in the fourth quarter and given our market rent growth expectations. So I would expect that 22% is going to go higher when we’re on this call in January. One thing I would anchor you back to is, at our Investor Day back in November of 2019 that in-place to market was 15.5% and that was underpinning, what we said, our GAAP same-store growth at that time was a 3.5% to 4.5%. Now here we are today at 22% and when you think about that increase that really takes a 3.5% to 4.5% to almost 4.5% to 5.5%. So that’s the impact we’ve really extended. Here we are almost two years later and it’s up dramatically and our runway has arguably gotten even longer. So the underpinning of the organic growth potential that we have is sitting right there for you to see.
Tom Olinger: So, Ki Bin, we think we’ve contained about 25% of the cost increases we’ve seen to-date. So in the -- in our pipeline in terms of the starts going forward, there’s probably 4% sitting there that’s beyond the underwriting of those projects. Most of that is going to be picked up on contingency. But as we look forward, we don’t really see risk. I am not going to get into the details of what we’ve done with pre-buying steel and other components and on the -- on these projects. But I think we’ve mitigated quite a bit so far. We do see these markets kind of stabilizing at this point in time. And the other thing that we’ve done, which is really critical is, we’ve maintained our schedules and I think today, I think, we’ve picked up 30 days of schedule versus the market. And frankly, we built these buildings faster than the market anyway, but that’s an incremental 30 days. So the supply chain disruptions aren’t just cost, they’re their schedule. So I think you’re -- I mean, ultimately, you’re getting to how much have we sort of mitigated. I’ve told you what we’ve done so far. We’re probably out, probably, six months ahead of the curve, but you can’t really get much further than that. So I feel really good about what we’ve done this year and I feel like we’re prepared really well going forward. So we feel good about the outlook, and obviously, we’re raising guidance and our volumes.
Tom Olinger: Nothing unusual about mix or geography, but as we said, customers don’t have options, really a lot of places to go and I think there’s a race to secure really good well-located real estate and that’s what we’re seeing.
Tom Olinger: John, your question on Asia that’s being driven by China, just we’ve seen some good -- very good lease of activity in China. Japan has remains extremely high occupied.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. As a reminder, we talked about, call it, seven sense of annual promotes if you, the net promote income, if you go back and you look at our historic performance. Clearly given where valuations have gone, I would expect 2022 promotes to be substantially above our historic run rate. Now clearly we will talk more about it in January, but directionally that’s what you should expect.
Tom Olinger: It’s very competitive for the Last Touch. There’s no question. And cap rates are tough to talk about, because you have in-place rents, you’re capping income that’s literally all over the place. So I am not sure it’s that constructive to talk about the cap rates, but it is competitive. I think we have a strategic advantage in the markets we want to be in, because we’ve been doing this now for three years or four years. So I think we have scoped out the sub and sort of micro markets pretty effectively. But it is competitive and there’s a ton of demand there and that’s not going to change.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. Just to add onto what Hamid said. So we have about 180 million feet of FAR build out on our land bank, option land and covered land place combined. So with the income flowing to the covered land place, we have about a 2% stabilized yield for the entire land bank, including all three components of it and after you pay taxes, you’re still on the plus. So we’re kind of carrying this for free. And frankly, some of the -- some of those income profiles on the early covered land places are -- have a serious up arrow to them. So, another way to think about land exposure.
Tom Olinger: I think they’re doing both, but I think most people are focused on just dealing with Christmas. I mean, literally they should be start thinking about the long-term and people are some of the larger and more sophisticated players are and those would be the targets of the world, home depots of the world, people like that. But there are lots of people just trying to survive the next three months or four months. So I think that crazy crunch will diminish over the next two years to three years, for sure. But I think then they will turn to the longer-term strategies and I think that one has legs for a long time.
Tom Olinger: People have to figure out where their customers are and their networks are based on where the customers are. And real estate and real estate costs are 3% to 5% of the total cost and by the way, that number hasn’t gone on -- gone up, because of rents going up, because the other components labor, transportation and energy are also going up. So they’re not going to optimize around real estate costs. They’re going to optimize around where their consumers are and where -- how long it takes to get them there, what they want and it’s mostly time not tasks. So they’re going to have to operate in the big markets. I mean you’re not going to go in the middle of the square state in the middle of the country, because real estate rents are cheaper to service the desirable markets where a lot of the growth is started costing.
Tom Olinger: They are definitely committing space ahead of having customers, but they’re definitely filling up those spaces. This is not 1999 or 2000.com where people are going in hoping that their business will triple. They can’t keep up. I mean literally that’s the takeaway for all you guys. Can ask about in 15 different ways. But the market cannot keep up with -- the supply market cannot keep up with the demand that’s out there.
Tom Olinger: Yeah. So the 5% is definitely a mix issue. But our acquisition activities were generally not out there to buy core portfolios at the highest -- hit that highest bid. So we’re constantly sourcing deals off market. And yes, those two do come with better returns, 5% is a mix issue. With respect to the confidence in the future, I mean, frankly, as Hamid said earlier on, we’re -- we had a $330 million quarter. We might have a $2 billion quarter. We might have -- we may have a zero. It really depends on what’s out there, what’s available to us and we have confidence in - in the next quarter, because we have a lot of irons already in the fire. But confidence long-term, who knows? I mean, if these returns begin to completely blow out over a replacement cost. You’re not going to see us as active. Yet, if there’s a strategic opportunity, we may have a quarter that’s 10 times the quarter we have this. So it’s tough. Acquisitions are hard to forecast. They should be hard to forecast, frankly.
Hamid Moghadam: I think you should think of supply risk as very market-specific. And you can have all the desire to bring down supply in LA or San Francisco or Seattle or even Inland Empire in -- certainly Inland Empire West or New Jersey. I take all your good markets. If, I mean, how are you going to do it? There is no land and their entitlement picture is getting to be harder and harder every day. Even markets like Dallas that we historically would have discussed as or referred to as non-constraint in terms of land, believe it or not are getting more constrained. I still encounter [ph] constraint, but there are more constraints certainly in the good location. So I think that the big driver is that it’s just hard to come up with the land to build buildings on. I mean, supply is responding to demand. But I will -- my gut feel, and of course, you can’t prove this one way or another is that demand would be higher, supply were higher. I think people are just based on the number of people competing for the same goods spaces and all the inbound calls we get from all our good customers wanting to gain an advantage over another good customer. It is -- people are kind of in a panic mode almost when it comes to buying or committing to real estate, so demand is just crazy.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The only thing I would add to Tom’s comment is actually land prices in most markets are going up faster than rents and construction costs are going up faster than rents. So actually the rent required for that marginal square foot of supply is ahead of that 22%. So that’s why the arrow is up. It’s just -- we’re running but sort of standing still or going a little backwards with respect to keeping pace with replacement costs.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I think more importantly than hedging construction costs is a fact that rents are going up faster than some of these costs and if you take an overall average and certainly in the best markets. So that’s why margins are expanding with cap rates being also compressing. So far so good. Will it continue forever? Probably not.
Hamid Moghadam: That number can be very volatile quarter-to-quarter. Honestly, I wouldn’t pay too much attention to it quarter-to-quarter [ph].
Hamid Moghadam: Our occupancies have to go higher. I mean if your demand is 300 and whatever 85 and supply is 285 million, there is 100 million feet that’s going to come out of somewhere and add to that the obsolescence, the significant amount of product that it’s taken out of circulation, because people have built something else on it like apartments. I think for sure our vacancy rates at least in the markets we care about are going to be going down in the foreseeable future. In the long-term, we need to see. I don’t expect 385 million square feet of demand being the new norm forever, because some of it is just people being desperate for putting their stuff somewhere. But I think it will stabilize at the higher level than historical, because of those two unique drivers that we’re seeing in this cycle that we didn’t have in other cycles.
Hamid Moghadam: Right. Well, there is a variety of rationale for that, but the escalators are moving up, we’re pushing them everywhere as you can imagine. But as importantly, the markets are accepting this and the competitive landscape is doing it, perhaps, partially for the reasons that you mentioned to smooth that effect with the customer. But of course, a lot of our customers get straight line at anyway. But I think it’s just the -- it’s our impression with overall net effective rent growth. So we feel pretty good about that.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Clearly, labor is on the minds of lots of our customers and we’re seeing them getting creative on how they’re attracting labor and you see the commercials for a lot -- lots of companies on TV and what they’re doing there. It’s also having them focus on more on automation and we’re seeing plenty of discussions about automation and automation these days is not the old version of it where it’s fixed, bespoke. We’re seeing lots of flexibility out there in terms of robotic forklifts and autonomous forklifts and those types of things, which we think our buildings are very well-suited because the primary criteria for that is a good floor and we spent over 30 years making sure our floors are in really good shape. So we think we’re in real good shape to address automation, which I think will be a function of this labor issue going forward.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. Promotes are pretty levered on the upside, because once you pass the pref return that incremental unit of return produces promote, whereas getting up to your pref rate you’re not getting any promote. So for sure it will expand non-linearly.
Hamid Moghadam: The yield on our covered land place, the entire portfolio cover land place, which is about a quarter of our total land base is about 5%, which means that we’re actually getting better yields on some of these covered land place and that some of it is historic and rents have gone up a lot. But 5% is pretty good. You’re getting paid to wait and that’s the way to carry land. I mean the way to carry land is cover the land place and options, and really the own land that’s just sitting around there that’s the most expensive way of carrying land. So we’ve been on to this strategy for a long time and we have a good base of covered land place that are now sort of cycling through development. So a lot of our development in the next 12 months to 24 months is going to be building out on the covered land place. But the good news is we’re replenishing that inventory and then some as we chew through it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. If somebody gives you a precise forecast for acquisitions you should run for the hills. But there’s also another two I think important differences between us and others. First of all, our playing and is the globe. And that’s lots of different ways to deploy capital than just in the U.S. Now I am not saying by the way Europe is any easier, but I am just saying we have really multiple ways of deploying capital. And secondly, a lot of the incremental capital that’s come into the business is from allocators. It’s from people that basically go and buy existing products. And we can buy substandard product that’s well located and fixed it and that, even though there’s competition in that too, but the number of players in that fixed market hasn’t grown as much as the number of players in the, I buy office buildings and malls today and now I am going to buy warehouse, because it’s cool. So that’s the difference.
Hamid Moghadam: I think if, I’ve honestly heard this wishful thinking by the part of people who are in other regions of the country now for probably 20 years and every time you’ve invested on the basis of that thesis, you’ve left money on the table. So I don’t see it. Yes, are they high -- is Elon Musk moving from California to Texas? Yes. Does he get a lot of headlines? Yes. But he doesn’t consume any more than somebody who makes $60,000 a year. So the big consumption bases are in these markets and the land is covered with buildings. Those are the differences. The fact that they’re sitting next to a beach that’s not so important. It’s just that those populations are still growing. They took a pause last year. But they’re still growing and there’s a lot of -- the vast majority of the movements are in the same region from maybe the urban core to the suburbs or something like that. I mean, there’s a lot of data on this. And maybe, Chris, you want to elaborate on this. So in terms of the distribution business, we don’t have buildings that are in different places for servicing the urban core versus the suburbs. They’re all sort of within the same driving area.
Hamid Moghadam: …let -- let me just say this. It’s not like California doesn’t have problems or New York doesn’t have problems. They do have problems. And they need to solve those problems and they need to become more business friendly and they need to improve the quality of life and homelessness is a real issue and all of those things are real issues. But at the end of the day, people go where the job growth is and that’s where the job growth is.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. We don’t -- I actually don’t think that math necessarily ever reaches that point, Ki Bin. I think if we think about it, the reasons for being in the private capital business are beyond scale. I mean, they’re mitigating currency exposure. It’s leveraging the return on our capital, et cetera, et cetera. And we’ve got a good history and a good brand in that business. It’s a very important business to us and we will continue to do that in a meaningful way. But the key to our growth is not external growth. Now we’ve done more external growth than anybody on the planet, but our key is not external growth. The key is internal growth. That comes from portfolio construction and that comes from 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, almost of meticulous steady work to build up these positions and that’s what’s going to really in the long-term drive earnings in this company and create value. The deployment is great. It’s interesting. It enables us to get scale that drives down G&A ratios and creates value that way. It increases our liquidity, which reduces the cost of capital. It does all kinds of things. But at the end of the day, it’s those location selections, like look at all our four or five M&A deals. Some of them, probably, between the five of them we’ve sold, probably 30%, maybe 35% of the assets, because we just don’t believe in those markets, we’ve kept the ones that we want. We could have -- by the way, it’s probably the right short-term decision with a bend to keep those assets, because cap rates have compressed. We knowing what I know now, we should be more levered and have owned those assets. But frankly, that doesn’t set us up as well for the long-term. We will make that up and then some in the long term by having the portfolio in the right place. So, organic growth and the external growth is icing on the cake.
Hamid Moghadam: U.K. is like the best markets in the U.K. and the continent is like the average markets in the U.S. minus 50 basis points. That’s the way I think about it. I mean that may not be price, but in terms of rental growth, I think, the average of the continent is probably lower than the average of the U.S. today. But the cost capital is lower in the U.K. -- in Europe also compared to the U.S. interest rates are lower. So I think they all make sense in the context of the cost of capital. But U.K. is more coastal U.S. like and the continent is more like the rest of the U.S.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Jamie, I think, you’re the wrap. So I really appreciate everybody being on the call. I think we had about 780 of you on the call today, which is got to be a huge record. So I really appreciate the interest in the company and look forward to talking to you in the next couple of months. Take care.
