Christie Kelly: Thanks, Denny. Good afternoon, everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our third quarter financial performance and progress on our capital strategy. Our third quarter 2011 core assets held was $0.29 per share, which is consistent with the second quarter. Our earnings from rental operations increased slightly from the second quarter and large part due to continued lease successes, as well as due to the impact of the acquisitions. The increased earnings from rental operations were offset however by a decrease in income from our serviced operation due to substantial completion of the BRAC third-party construction project. Although again I expect future projects of this magnitude of the BRAC project, we continue with a strong backlog of ongoing projects and expect our serviced operations to continue at above pre-BRAC historic levels, heading into 2012. For the quarter, our AFFO per share was $0.18, which translates into a payout ratio of 94% and our year-to-date payout ratio was below 88%. AFFO per share declined slightly from the $0.22 per share reported last quarter and large part as the byproduct of capital expenditures necessary to support our successful leasing efforts that have driven the significant improvement in our occupancy. We utilized the majority of our cash on hand at June 30 to fund the 109 million redemption of our 7.25% percent series and preferred shares in July. Primarily due to the scheduled repayment of $122.5 million of unsecured notes in August as well as over $103 million of acquisitions in September, we finished the quarter with $284 million balance on our line of credit. With regard to our capital strategy, all key metrics have improved throughout the year. Specifically, our fixed charge covered ratio was 1.8 times, debt to EBITDA was 7.15 times and combined debt and preferred stock to EBITDA was 8.48 times ended September 30, 2011. I would like to point out that our combined debt and preferred stock to EBITDA of 8.48 this quarter increased from 8.18 times at June 30, 2011 primarily due to the timing of our acquisitions closing near the end of this quarter. We are also in the process of extending our line of credit maturity date from February 2013 to December 2015. The total amount of our facility will remain at $850 million and will include $400 million. I wanted to thank our bank for their strong support. Today we have the majority of the banks committed and plan to close by mid-November 2011. We are pleased with our ability to continue to improve our balance sheet as our operating and asset repositioning successes play out. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Denny.
Christie Kelly: Looking forward, we intend to use the $1.50 billion for proceeds add follows. $284 million to pay down our September 2011 line of credit. We also will repay $168 million of unsecured debt maturities coming due during the remainder of 2011. We also may redeem the $168 million, 6.95% Series M preferred shares. We have about $250 million of net acquisitions activity we expect to close in the fourth quarter of 2011. That leaves about a $180 million of funds leased back to use for future acquisitions and allotment. Bottom line, we intend to use about 45% of the proceeds, approximately $455 million from the announced sub-urban office portfolio disposition to further delever our balance sheet. 55% of the proceeds will be used to fund the growth of our industrial and medical office business. It is our expectation that we will again have a zero balance on our line of credit by the end of 2011 and move into 2012 holding some cash under these assumptions, this transaction will be between $0.10 and $0.12 per share dilutive to core FFO for 2012. The effect on AFFO for 2012 will be between $0.02 and $0.03 dilutive. Furthermore, we are committed to our strategy capital objective including achieving fixed-charge coverage above to debt-to-EBIDTA under 6 and combined debt and preferred stock-to-EBIDTA under 7.75. As you know, because of the uncertainty and volatility in the economy for the past few years, we’ve provided our annual earnings guidance in January. Once again we plan on providing you 2012 earnings guidance and our range of estimates during our call in January. And with that, I turn it back over to Denny.
Christie Kelly: Yeah, that’s right, Denny. So I would say, just in summary, as you can see, good majority of the $1.05 is going to be deployed immediately, call it 85% to 90%.
Christie Kelly: And I would echo Denny’s comments, Paul. We’ve been very selective on the acquisition front. And one of the key things that we look at is the land component.
Christie Kelly: Ross, I think that’s a great point. But it is as you look at our overall capital strategy, one the objectives that we had set out in achieving was to reduce our overall preferred as it relates to our total capital stat, and get that to about $500 million. So with that I had my eye on the redeemable not preferred, which we’re already took down in July, and the end as well, offers in nice alternative to help us get to our overall capital objective together with the house in 2013. So it does provide a good alternative for us and get us to our debt less preferred to under 775.
Christie Kelly: And from that perspective to Ki Bin, as you can imagine in getting the line approval, as well as in discussions with the rating agencies, the quality are remaining unencumbered pool, as we did in ‘09 and as we do today. We’re very aware of and at least make sure to keep the integrity of that overall pool, and as well make sure that we have plenty of room on our covenant.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Christie. While there is still a tremendous amount of uncertainty in this economy, we’ve actually strengthened our portfolio and produced solid results in all phases of our corporate strategy year to date. With a strong operating performance for the first nine months of the year and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we have narrowed our core FFO guidance to $1.13 to $1.15 per share for 2011. Now I’d like to discuss our significant office portfolio sales transaction. Last Thursday we announced a definitive agreement to sell 82 suburban office properties to an affiliate of Blackstone for $1.08 billion. As noted, the transaction represents an accelerated over two years ago to reduce our exposure to suburban office properties primarily in the Midwest. As you can imagine, a transaction of this size and number of assets can be quite complex, so we’ve been working on this deal for a while. The requirement to the buyer was that they acquired substantially all of our wholly owned office assets in each of the markets they entered. We agreed to this provision and we’ll now only own joint venture properties in those markets after closing. And as far as pricing, our supplemental information released last night, we broke out the net operating income from these properties in the schedules on pages 17 and 18. The core NOI from this properties for the nine months ended September 30 was $66.4 million, based on the sales price of $1.08 billion, this represents an annualized NOI cap rate of 8.2%. As you look at the third quarter core NOI annualized, the cape rate is 8.5%. As you know, there are many ways to calculate a cap rate, but we believe looking at the actual core NOI from these properties for the nine months and three months period is an accurate representation of cap rates. Also keep in mind that these are NOI cap rates, and as you know, we always focus on AFFO our cash on cash cap rates, which are obviously lower. I’d also like to point out that this portfolio is essentially unlevered with only $30 million of debt. In today’s world it is very difficult to put together a $1 billion portfolio of properties with no leverage. This portfolio was very attractive because of the ability to finding in today’s market. So we are very pleased with this transaction and look forward to executing and closing in the next few weeks. Now, Christie is going to discuss our intended use of the sales proceeds.
Denny Oklak: Thanks, Christie. In summary, we are very pleased with our operating results and our progress on our asset and capital strategies. We believe the sale of the office portfolio is a win-win for both buyer and seller. We are able to move forward quickly on our asset repositioning and Blackstone is able to acquire a virtually unencumbered quality office portfolio and obtain favorable financing in today’s market. So thank you again for joining us and with that, we will open it up for questions.
Denny Oklak: Well, it is because the office product is always greater than average on CapEx per square foot then our overall portfolio. So the answer to that is yes.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: Okay. We can talk about that later. Thanks.
Denny Oklak: Yeah, I don’t know, Josh, that I can actually specifically answer those questions. I think we can look into that. But just in general, again this was really the markets that we sold, four of them in the Midwest, guess work, and then the rest in the Southeast. What we really have left is a couple – really three Midwest markets with our office being Indianapolis, Cincinnati and St. Louis. We have office assets in South Florida, it’s a big concentration of office assets for us, a little bit in Nashville and then in Washington DC in our joint-venture with (inaudible). And so I guess just a couple of things I will say sort of any. When you look at the gross rent rates in those remaining markets, particularly Washington DC is the highest and quite of bit higher, probably 30% higher than our – most of our other markets. And again when we show our leasing statistics in our supplemental, we include the joint ventures at 100% on the individual statistics. Obviously not in FFO, but as a statistic. So the leasing activity in DC is going to obviously move those numbers higher. And then I would also say that St. Louis is also one of our higher growth rent markets, when you look across the country, our gross rents in St. Louis are $24 to $26 range, so that’s higher than a number of the other Midwest markets. So – and then of course South Florida is a little bit on the high side. Because a majority of our markets are going have higher gross rental rates and then – but still – the concentration of those assets is going to be still probably tilted a little bit towards the Midwest for Cincinnati and St. Louis. Hopefully that helps.
Denny Oklak: Well, let me start and then Christie can join me in. But I will tell you that the guidance, Christie went through the complete list of the use of proceeds. So for example, the preferred or the debt is just going to be what the interest rate in on that. And then the acquisitions that we have planned for the fourth quarter is roughly – I would say roughly at 7% kind of cap rate range that we would be using on that to redeploy. And then again, we’ve got basically, I think I said about – she said about $180 million write off of proceeds that are specifically identified anywhere right now and we’re just kind of assuming that that would be spread out during the first part of next year again at above that 7% cap rate and redeployed.
Denny Oklak: We’re really not – we are expecting those day one because as I mentioned a remarks, really our acquisition strategy is going to be it has been to focus on core stabilized bulk industrial and medical office assets.
Denny Oklak: Well, I don’t think so. I think what we will be reducing our overall overhead cost obviously, because people that are directly associated with these properties, we won’t have any more. In the Blackstone, may hire some of those or other service providers to those properties may hire some of those folks. So our overall overhead cost will drop, but I think when you sort through and what actually ends up in G&A, we don’t anticipate any drop in that.
Denny Oklak: No, not really. But I will say we run into a couple portfolios where we’re buying some industrial buildings we like that may come with a site or two. And so we would do that, but we’re not going out and buying any undeveloped land on a separate basis and we’re really working hard to continue to sell some of that land and reduce that investment on those parts, for future sale.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think there is a couple of things, Brandan. And one, we have brought – have been able to buy a few things off market, where before we actually started getting marketed, we were able to get in there and we really get those opportunities just by doing so integrated into our local markets. And we have done a handful of those this year. On the other ones when it is comparative bid, it is a little bit more difficult for us, but we do have an advantage in many respective because of the folks that we know – obviously know the investment sales brokers very well and all these transactions were handled by investment sales brokers. And they have a lot of confidence in us. So they know that if we’re in there and we’re going to close, we’re going to stick to the agreements we made because we do that and everybody knows that. So many times, if it’s a very close race, we can win out just because of their confidence in our ability to execute and close.
Denny Oklak: Yeah. Let me just first say where we’re projected be kind of a yearend now, assuming this transaction does close and a few other things that we mentioned we’re going to process. We would actually be at about 54% industrial, 32% office, 10% medical office and the 4% retail. So we really only got about 6% more overall repositioning to do on the industrial side. So really switching and we’re going to keep our strategy the same, new development build-to-suits and just core bulk industrial. And then on the office we’re at about 32% and our target is 25%. So we’ve made obviously a major move with this transaction. We actually did close on the sale of three additional office buildings in Cleveland in October in the fourth quarter, so those are part of that. I think now we’ll be obviously I think more selective on our office disposition and we’ll really try to look at some of the, I will call, less functional older sub-urban office buildings and move those and then that 25% will really be comprised of the very core, very solid office buildings, mostly that will be in the major markets like, such as Washington, Raleigh, South Florida. We have a little bit in the Midwest still, in Indianapolis, in Cincinnati and St. Louis. I’m sure we’ll have some of those properties left, but there will be mostly core properties in those other markets. And then again where we still have development pipeline on the MOB side and also have looked at and I think we’ll close some MOB acquisitions and then ultimately when the timing is right, we’ll just dispose into retail and redeploy that. But the new I think really is this is a manager step in getting there to our targets much more quickly than the time like we laid out.
Denny Oklak: Sure, I’ll try. Of course it’s little hard to peg an exact replacement cost. And I guess first of all one comment I’d make, I’ve never closed a transaction what buyer and seller have ever agreed on what the cap rate was. So that is not unusual. I think the best way we can show is the way we did show, in our supplemental package, I mean for you guys that’s the actual NOI that was included and obviously when we close, we will be required to pro forma financial statements, basically indicating the effect of this transactions. So you guys be able to look at those posts-closing also, but it will really reflect what we’ve shown in the supplemental package. So on the replacement cost per square foot, it’s really kind of all over the board. When you think about 82 buildings in I think seven different markets here, it’s all over the board. But I would say where you look at the bulk of these assets are, the replacement cost is probably in the $120 to $130 range, something like that for new office building today. But I think I’m not sure that’s all – the whole thing is relevant. I think certainly that’s partially rolled. But also the basis that we sold that at $107 a food is only about 84% leased. So to get that lease more, the basis is going to go up in those properties to prove those up to a more stabilized occupancy, as the economy of improves, which is what I assume is Blackstone’s intend with those. So it’s not just 107, there is going to be additional capital cost in there. And then I think again it will vary market by market, but $120 to $130 or $135 is probably a pretty good number.
Denny Oklak: (Inaudible). So we really didn’t do that. Lot of that stuff, I would say probably most of the Columbus stuff was developed before we went public or a lot of it. So it’s kind of hard to track going back or back.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Sure. Okay, thank you.
Denny Oklak: Well I would say, I don’t know quite how, quite hard to answer that. We just ended up talking to each other, let me put it that way I think. So –
Denny Oklak: Well, I think it was a negotiated process. It was – there was a lot of different discussions going on and it had to do with what cities they want, what cities we want to what city that may sense for us. One of the things I mentioned in the remarks was one of their requirements in understandably so was they didn’t want us to cherry-pick a particular market. So they wanted to own all of our assets in that market, which makes perfect sense. And so we had – and then also one of the driving factors for us was what the use of our proceeds. As you see, we size this pretty much where I think its ideal for us because we can virtually redeploy the proceeds, as Christie said, 80% to 85% immediately. Meet some are helped on our leveraged metrics by the way and then do some of the acquisition and repositioning that we’re working on. So I think lot of it also had to do with the overall size of the portfolio in mixing and matching markets.
Denny Oklak: Well, that’s an it’s an excellent question. And I think you ought to ask that question to Blackstone, because I don’t think I can speak for them.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think I don’t know if I would say that specifically. The couple things we have said as we have gone through this repositioning process is, we really wanted to get to that asset mix, our 60, 25, 15 and we’re sticking to that. And then we want to be in – there are certain market we definitely want to be in, places like Washington DC, Raleigh, South Florida, and you noticed we do not sell any assets in those markets. And then the rest of it is just short of the negotiation process of what works. It’s not that easy to go out and do $1 billion-dollar transactions, because it’s just – it’s difficult. By the way, I said it’s pretty hard for a buyer to find and unleverage billion-dollars portfolio out there today. And then it’s also not really easy for us find a lot of billion-dollars buyers out there. So if you want to do a transaction like this, you kind of do some give-and-take and make sure just ultimately make sense for you. And I think this will make perfect sense for us in light of all those strategy and everything we’ve outlined.
Denny Oklak: We do, we have some land in the most those markets, not all of them, of the total land position our investment is $80 million to $90 million in those markets. And we have the ability to go ahead and continue to develop on that land or whatever we decide to do with it.Dave Rodgers – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Denny Oklak: Well, I think probably Ki Bin, I think this is really an organic question for Blackstone, Ki Bin, but I’ll give you my thoughts. I think they were very interested when they talk to us that they could get such a large unencumbered portfolio, because as I said, it’s hard to do. And just looking out there today, everybody knows what today’s interest rate, it’s pretty, you can get some pretty favorable financing. So I’m assuming it was fairly important to them, but they have two really speak to that.
Denny Oklak: It’s a combination of both. We use mostly unsecured debt, we’ve got some secured debt, but it’s not huge percentage of our overall debt still even after we get all done with this transaction. And again most of that debt has come from assets we’ve acquired and they’ve had debt on them and we have assumed them. And then as we move down the road, we generally retired that debt and move it into the unsecured or equity piece.
Denny Oklak: I don’t think we have it in total, I don’t think we have it broken now by office. And I think in total it’s in the supplemental package right now. (Inaudible).
Denny Oklak: Encumbered. So we just don’t have that in front of us broken out to REIT office and industrial. But I guess what I would say is just sitting here thinking about – most of our office assets are still going to be unencumbered.
Denny Oklak: I don’t think, there is going to be much different, for the most part, Moltai Tennessee office buildings all around and engage there a little the remaining portfolio is a little bit newer in this. So I don’t think there is any change in our Tennessee quality mix.
Denny Oklak: Well again you know every market is different, and you know some markets have higher expenses related to the net rather gross, we are lookout it some of them have lower – so I think it’s just really a combination of lot of factors and it doesn’t necessarily mean anything specific. Have you can see from our subliminal package the way we broke up the NOI and the how much NOI is going to be related to our remaining portfolio and how much we defeat that is so. Again in that, this kind of office portfolio we it can very pretty greatly on a NOI (inaudible) based on cities and a lot of different things.
Denny Oklak: You know, I don’t – probably of valid question (inaudible) think we can answer that, right now, I don’t have any answer for that.
Denny Oklak: Well, on the developed land we did it right any down. As you recall a couple of years ago when we looked at our land portfolio we took about of third of it. And identified it for sale and we didn’t take any payment charge on that land and we were working our way through this closing of that land. Just way the accounting rules work on the development land, there – you just (inaudible) ever get into the payment charge so all the development yields at our basically on a period basis.
Denny Oklak: Well, we feel very good about that piece of the business. And I would say, the marketing environment is still good. I think just like other areas of the economy, there is plenty of uncertainty in the healthcare business now. One of the trends that we’ve mentioned I think that everybody before that we’re seeing is the acquisition of physician practices by up hospital healthcare systems, that’s still going on and I think that has the tendency to slow down some decisions, because what happens is, a hospital may won an on-campus medical office building. And as you know, most of what we do is on-campus. And they want to take some, but they also want to bring in some doctors, so part of process to negotiate in the medical office building is which physician practices are they going to acquire and putt in that building. So it just takes a little bit longer to work through some of those things today than may be did a while back. So I think that’s one trend we’re seeing. But I think overall, business is very solid, we continue to see development opportunities as we pointed out. We started several projects this year and have more in the pipeline. So we’re pleased and that’s still going to be a great piece of our business as we go forward. As I mentioned, after this transaction, it will be about 10% of our overall assets that we wanted keep continue to grow that, after the 15% range.
Denny Oklak: Well, so far the primary piece of the development pipeline has been medical office and over the last probably 18 months that is by far the majority of what we have and including even this quarter. But for we didn’t, as we mentioned we signed the deal to starts a build-to-suit a headquarters building for primary get down in Atlanta, which is pretty significant project at 60 some million and, I think the build-to-suit projects today are probably going to be sort of few and far between, there may be one here, there are like that. But I do think, the both industrial Mike sense is, it’s going to pick up a little bit, getting into 2012 on the built-to-suit I think. There are seems to be a little bit more discussion and activity on the built-to-suit out there now. But I would say in 2012, I would still say the majority of our starts, who going to be on the medical office side.
Denny Oklak: I don’t think any of those projects individually are going to have a real significant impact Michael, obviously when there are 100% leased that reasonably good yields here, and even in today’s market, are there going to have a positive impact dollars when they do come in to service so.
Denny Oklak: Well, the answer is no, not really, we either look at the occupancy for the average occupancy for the nine months versus 13 months and its pretty close. My only comment there would be is I think we have always cautioned everybody about looking at quarterly information and we have said that about same-store growth many time because just things can happen in a three months periods, that push things up or down. And it might been in the longer that periods of look at the better view we get, Now that doesn’t mean I’m saying it the lower cap rate I’m just saying that, look we put the numbers out there up in front of you. So this is just a representative cap rate of what the transaction is. And again as I said, there is a lot of different way to count. And so I think just gets everybody in the ballpark.
Denny Oklak: Again, I just – two things I would say. One, I would caution you as you look at quarterly information because there can just be a lot of different things in the quarterly information that causes SKU, because you’ve got, you could have at least exploration, you could have at least burning off, kicking in during the quarter maybe one month end the quarter or half of month at the end of the quarter. So those kind of things can affect it. And the other thing I wish to add although is we had good leasing activity in that particular portfolio in the third quarter, sort of late second but throughout the third. Quarters. So those several bigger deals, I mentioned some of those bigger office deals on – in the prepared remarks and you know several those we are in that portfolio. So we did have some pretty good leasing activity in that portfolio. But again if I look at it, I don’t think there is anything specific that I point out other than maybe that they had pretty strong leasing activity there.
Denny Oklak: Well, I don’t think there’s anything we’re really aware of as of today, Michael. As I mentioned, once we close this transaction, we’ll have to do a little bit more of role up reporting on it. So – but definitely as we look through there, something comes to our attention, we’ll certainly let everybody know.
Denny Oklak: Okay. Thank you very much. Everyone. And we hope to see you all in a couple of weeks out at NAREIT. And then we look forward to talk to you again in January. Thank you.
