Hamid Moghadam: Good morning, everyone. As you just heard from Tom, we had another great quarter. The strategies we put in place years ago, combined with strong market fundamentals and relentless exclusion by our team will lead to continued good performance in the foreseeable future. In my commentary, I'll touch on some nuances on the margin, but the basic message is that our business is strong and absent an external shock, we expect it to remain that way for quite some time. Looking at the current market dynamics, following a period of accelerating demand last year, the U.S. industrial market levelled off to a more sustainable pace in the first quarter. Demand was broader than just eCommerce and was driven by other sectors such as housing and transportation. This picture would have been even stronger but for several retailer bankruptcies. Turning to supply, I would like to flag a few markets where we see some risk. In the U.S., strong demand and sub 5% vacancies seem to have encouraged elevated levels of spec development in some regional markets like Indianapolis and Louisville as well as larger markets like Dallas, Houston, Atlanta and Southern California's Inland Empire. Public REITs have remained disciplined, accounting for just 16% of spec start in the first quarter. By contrast the handful of merchant developers, backed by institutional capital are fueling this wave of development. After seven years of demand outpacing supply, we still expect to reach equilibrium in 2017, but given the number of new starts underway this year, we now expect supply to slightly outpace demand in 2018. Nevertheless, it's key to remember that a market in equilibrium at 5% vacancy still translates into pricing power for quality properties in the right locations. For us Europe continues to benefit from the favorable supply-demand balance and record low vacancies, especially in the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands. We expect Europe to boost our growth starting in 2018. Development in Europe remain disciplined in the first quarter and in our case, 100% of our starts in the region were build-a-suits. The exception to discipline in Europe remains Poland what its low barriers to development and builders who continue to lower investors with artificially inflated headline rents. Recently I fielded many questions about the potential of -- potential relocation of manufacturing activities and its impact on our business. I'd like to remind everyone that starting more than a decade ago, we began to realign our portfolio towards major population centers to take advantage of the consumption power in these regions. With very few exceptions such as the border market in Mexico and a tiny piece of our business in China, our holdings are oriented towards the consumption, not the production end of the supply chain. As a result, our logistic real estate is increasingly the last touch on goods before they reach the customer. While we're monitoring policy developments around the world on tax and trade, we remain as convinced as ever that our focus on high barrier markets where land is scarce and new development is expensive and where more than 85% of our portfolio is located will help us deliver strong relative performance over time. To conclude, we continue to have a positive outlook for 2017. Our strategy to own top-quality logistics real estate in sought after locations near consumers has never been more relevant. Over the next few quarters, we'll continue to show how quality and location can create a strong foundation for sustainable earnings growth in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Kim for your questions. Kim? Operator? Can the participants hear us? Is there a way somebody can send one of us an email or something? I don't know what happened to the operator.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah best guess, I think demand will be in the low 200 million feet in the U.S. and supply, which is not a lot of guesswork by the way. You kind of know what supply is going to be out in 12 months and the 14 months. I think supply is going to be like 230 million to 245 million. So maybe…
Hamid Moghadam: Nothing. In terms of our forecast, we were pretty much counting on supply exceeding demand in their sub 5% vacancy market in 2018, 2019 timeframe and we're not really saying anything new. We just don't want anybody to be surprised when supply finally responds to demand. And the issue is I would say focused on maybe five or six market and if a few players.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. That was two questions but since they -- they destroyed your name, we're going to let you go away with it. So, let me start with the last one first. The U.K. joint venture is purely the reason for it is that the capacity of our existing funds to absorb completed product is limited and our U.K. development machine can produce some very good assets at very good margin. So, we needed a home for our excess development volume in the U.K. and that was the purpose of forming this center. So, it's very, very simple. With respect to the last mile industrial real estate, let me give you the cynical view and my view because there are two views out there. The cynical view is that everybody is calling. They're not so great real estate, that old obsolete, poorly located last mile and putting some shine on it to get better cap rate execution on sale. I can assure you that's not what we're doing. We are very deliberately going after the last mile opportunity by actually investing in infill sites in major metro areas around the world, but specifically in the U.S. and Europe and to redevelop and densify assets to do multistory buildings in these land-constraint locations. In fact, we had our ground breaking on our first property of this type in the U.S. last week in Seattle and you can expect us to have further announcements of these kinds of properties. And if you remember, we basically had two company strategies coming together. Before the merger AMB was very much and more of an infill large market player. Prologis was much more of a bulk player. We have now rationalized those two portfolios coming together by reducing everything down to the global market, but there is still a very large component of near infill last mile last, last five miles whatever you want to call it. The name is not important, but infill real estate in major -- metro areas, which were predominantly the old AMB assets. now AMB's presence in Europe was lower than Prologis and so I would say the mix of those opportunities are greater for us in the U.S. then in Europe, but we are just as deliberate about those opportunities in Europe and you can see us getting after that opportunity in a major way with some initiatives that we have ongoing right now.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah Jamie, I don't know if I have any unique insights on retailer bankruptcy, but let me give you this because there are fixed in our portfolio. We monitor credit loss pretty carefully and we underwrite every tenant's credit in every industry sector. In our typical pro formas, we assume about a 0.5% credit loss. We're running at 20 basis points. So, we're significantly below trend and for those of you who have been around long enough as you have, in the global financial crisis we got up to the low 1% range in terms of credit loss. So, if you pinpointed to what some people refer to as troubled retailers, our exposure to those guys is less than 0.5% or 1% of the portfolio and frankly in a lot of those instances we would rather gave up the space than they’ve in the space. So, I don't -- that's not on my first three pages of issues I worry about.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah and the real cap rate the way we count it was midsize, but given that the portfolio was pretty well occupied, the actual cash yield was higher than that.
Hamid Moghadam: Well I think Basel III is actually the bigger governor than Dodd Frank. So, they need to obviously count based on risk based capital rules and that just makes the business less profitable than it was before given the reserve requirements and they need to retain. So, I think there's that general backdrop anyway. As to people's discipline, I don't know. Memories are not very long in this business, but I think the business has really, really changed in other ways than just the banking system. I think land is much more difficult to come by. The cities are getting much, much tougher on land and those are tougher and more expensive. So, the average cost and size of the industrial building is going up. So, the barrier for entry of smaller players is now higher. There is a ton of information. You get on this call and there are 200 people on this call right. So, all of them just heard me say that I think supply is going to be a different picture in the first quarter next year and there are some people that are potentially getting a little bit over their skis. Well guess what, that word will get around pretty quickly. Now I don't want to give too much credit to Prologis and our role in this call, but I think there is just so much information around that investors cannot escape the reality of what's happening to these markets and frankly they are accountable to their investors. So pretty soon they're going to get called from pension funds, why you're putting out money when the legislator and the business is saying that the market is getting softer. So, I think it's just a different environment than it was in the last cycle.
Hamid Moghadam: The only comment I have to add is that if retention had to come in at 80%, I would've been all over these guys that were not pushing rents high enough. Frankly we would have been running it too high and just facing taking the rents as they come. So, we're pushing term, we're pushing credit. Somebody if we have the lease that are concerned on renewal with a tenant we're going to replace them with a high credit quality tenants. So, I look at the lower retention as a positive sign and I actually wish that it were even lower rate.
Hamid Moghadam: On the overall land balance, I would say there is a $150 million of land that we have, that I would not buy all over again. I think the rest of it we're totally good with and we think is going to be a great driver of growth for our portfolio. But there is probably a $150 million of it that with the benefit of hindsight win by and would be disposing over time.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah, I would say that they're -- look we're a 100% build-a-suit. We're not forecasting a 100% build-a-suit for the full year. I think we're going to end up some of the 15% to 16% just like last year. They're spread all around Slovakia, the Netherlands, Italy and the U.K. So going back to the earlier question, is our land in the right place? Of course, it is. If you're doing 50% to 60% build-a-suit on land that you own, by definition your land is in the right place. Most of this I would describe as infill as opposed to bulk. Candidly most of this had to do with retail. It was apparel. It was consumer good and actually one was automotive.
Hamid Moghadam: But these things just to be clear, I don't want you to take from what Tom said that we're asleep over here and we're not looking at opportunities. If the right opportunity came along and we could buy it at the right number or we could finance it appropriately at the right number and finance it appropriately at the night right number, we would look at all of those opportunities and we have been looking at all those opportunities. And just that we don't know about any of them right now, but we're always looking and we're always working on things.
Hamid Moghadam: I can't think of a significant transaction in the industrial sector in the last three or four years that we have not looked at thoroughly underwritten and had a point of view on. So, you could expect us to be looking at everything. Now we're very selective about what we pull the trigger on, but let's leave it at that.
Hamid Moghadam: The need to be located in a market with a significant population and a high level of affluence, college education, Internet usage, connectivity etcetera, etcetera, it needs to be dense, it needs to be supply constrained either physically or politically because of the nature of its residents. So putting all those filters on the markets in the U.S., I would say the top markets would emerge as San Francisco, Seattle, New York, Miami, possibly Chicago, parts of LA. And the buildings, there is no rules that I can give you about the type of building you will be in terms of size or number of stories, but the new varieties are likely to be multistory. They're probably not as important to have dock height access and demand in smaller truck access and they need to be near thoroughfares. In terms of -- in terms of rent potential, it would be trading really significantly at the different price points at it -- if you will 10 mile out type of real estate. In other words, there needs to be a pretty significant rent gradient and there are some markets who are being close to the center action or not being that far away from that don't have a rent gradient because basically it's a very suburban eyes market. It's very spread out like it's tough to imagine last mile and Houston even though it's a big city and hits a lot of the other greats here because it doesn't have the supply constraints and the concentration of population in neighborhood, it's very spread out. So those would be the criteria and I got to tell you, they are -- it's unfortunate and you've seen us use the word last tough more than last mile because last mile is really not a last mile. It's last drive or 10 miles and it's really the last touch before you hit the consumer directly. There is a lot of really awful old, tired real estate that it rebranded as last mile we always get a chuckle out of that when we these packages come around. So, a lot of those properties don't meet the criteria that I just spoke.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, the real estate market is not that different than the bond market. When the waters are warm and calm, people get a lot of courage and people really stretch for pricing of the assets. All fear goes out of the market. Junk spreads collapse and the yield premia of not so great real estate collapses on top of prime real estate etcetera, etcetera. We have been in one of those environments for some periods of time. So, I do think junkier real estate has had a rally just like junk bonds have had a rally. When there is a little bit more fear in the marketplace and people sort of gravitate towards quality, those spread roll out and prime real estate will do better. We're not smart enough and we're certainly not agile enough at almost 700 million feet to trade around that. You guys may be in terms of the stock, but we're not. So, we need to set the strategy and execute on it because we can't trade around the site portfolio we have. Our view is that in the very long term, having infill real estate near the population centers in these quality locations with supply constraints wins regardless of possibly one year out of five or two years out of five when the junk rallies. In the long term, you get much better adjusted returns by being in these markets. And we think in our estimation the cap rates historically if you average it over long periods of time, have been far, far more than compensated for by the higher growth rate of those markets. So yes, you pay the premium in terms of the lower cap rate, be in those markets, but you picked up double maybe 250% of that in terms of incremental growth rate. Just look at where you are today in Los Angeles or San Francisco with respect to those -- where those rents are compared to Memphis just to begin, Memphis, when I started my career in 1980, the rent at Memphis were probably higher than they are today, but not in these supply constrained markets that we talked about. So, if you're playing a long game, not a quarter-by-quarter game, you want to have money invested in supply constrained markets where people want to live and this is going to become much more important as the winners in industrial space are going to be more on the consumption end because of eCommerce than the production and which is the way the world used to work in the old days.
Hamid Moghadam: Less than 5% of our portfolio is oriented towards manufacturing. So by definition, the rest of it is on that consumption or in the wholesaler end of the supply chain.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we were just having this conversation earlier. We're going to just put that out in the package next time and show its trend over time because it's obviously a question that comes up every call and we need to just show it to you.
Hamid Moghadam: So, let me give you a story, which you may find amusing, but the developer of MX 2, which is the building you're referring in London went to Singapore is now almost 10, 12 years ago, literally asked us to give them a tour of our Alps project in Singapore, which we did. It took the plans and built the same building in London without thinking about the differentiated truck sizes in those two markets, which is why MX 2 stays on lease for as long as it did. That's the story you can file away. The person in question is no longer in the business. So that's what happened and that building -- why that building didn't lease. It was the wrong building in the wrong pocket. I think it's all a function of land values. I think when land values get to a certain point, multistory will make sense and there are a few markets in the United States that are approaching that point. Obviously in Japan you've got the benefit of smaller trucks and very high land values. So that's why you see the five or six or seven story building. I think you're not going to see that in the U.S. anytime soon, certainly not in my career in bulk. Oftentimes people have asked what's the size of that opportunity? I think there are probably five or six obvious markets in the U.S. where that opportunity exists I think I mentioned them all before. In those instances, it is not hard to imagine that eventually it could have a portfolio of three, four, five million square feet and I'm talking 10 years out. So just for thinking purposes if you got five or six cities at three to five million, you got 20 to 30 million feet of product that is multistory in these major markets and the value of that product is about double what it is for our traditional investor product in our portfolio. So, in terms of value, we could end up being about 10% of the business order of magnitude, incremental over time. That's the best I can do to size the opportunity set for you. Time will tell how successful we will be, but I think we'll be really successful.
Hamid Moghadam: Oh, just stay tuned. I think our issue right now is trying to figure out how to respond to the interests in that project. So, when I am at liberty to talk about it I will.
Hamid Moghadam: Well yeah and that's why cap rates that we keep saying are stabilizing, are going down because the way the capital is pushing those cap rates down, but we don't blame -- we're not building our business around cap rate compression and rents growing at 10%, 12% a year or like they have been. I think we've shared our assumptions with you. They're essentially based on flat or slightly uptick in cap rates and moderate rental growth, it varies by market, but sort of in that 3% to 4% or 5% range in the U.S. market by market. This is market rent. Same-store will actually be pretty much baked in at somewhat higher because of -- because of the mark-to-market obviously. But happy to go through those assumptions, but we're not building a business around the market being exuberant going forward. I think our assumptions are much more sobering.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. Great. Thank you for your time and interest in the company and good luck with earnings season. We'll see you all around pretty soon. Take care.
Tom Olinger: Yeah, the increase in expenses is primarily due to just higher real estate taxes. You see the offset in revenues as well. So, they're recoverable. It had about a 30-basis point impact on revenues. So quite small actually. So, same-store revenue growth was still over 4% with OpEx. So, nothing to look into the expenses. It's really a matter of little bit of timing and mostly the real estate taxes, but don't expect that to be a trend this year.
Tom Olinger: This is Tom. I'll take that. So, first of all from the impact of the earnings on the year, you've got to look at deployment in total. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, we see deployment higher by $0.01 to $0.02 for the full year. Clearly, NAIF is part of driving that increase. However, we've also talked about, I also mentioned that we're accelerating sales as well. So, from a timing perspective those are offsetting to about $0.01 to $0.02 a share. The impact for the quarter in our EBITDA that we show in the supplemental, we do pro forma for a full quarter impact of that. So, you are seeing the full quarter impact of the NAIF transaction in our stock.
Tom Olinger: So, don't anticipate any other transaction like that. That was not in our initial guidance because that came together quite quickly with discussions with our partner, but don't anticipate any other large transactions like that during the year. The reason why we don't put it in our guidance per se as an acquisition because those assets are already reflected. They're consolidated on our balance sheet. They're all there. So, we don't reflect them as an acquisition because we're not adding to our portfolio. We're just taking a bigger piece of the portfolio. So that's why we describe it separately and don't try to confuse our acquisitions, which are real incremental adds to our portfolio.
Tom Olinger: Yeah good question, so when we report free rent, straight line rent, that's reported on leases that commence in the quarter, so which is different than what we report when we lease signings right. So, the leasing activity reported lease signing. The straight line rent, free rent is a function of leases that commence. So, when you look at Q4 versus Q1, Q1 had almost 50% more lease commencements happening right. Q1 is our biggest role. We signed those leases well in advance of Q1. So, the signing showed up a quarter or two ago, but the actual commencement is what triggers the straight line rent free rent. So that's what's driving that aspect of it. When you look at concession, I don't have the numbers offhand, but concessions are clearly continuing to tick down right. Even though you're seeing those numbers grow it's a function of commencements, but also we're signing longer leases. Leases are also increasing right. Rents are going up dramatically. All that increases your nominal amount of rent, but when you look at that concession relative to the whole value of the lease, clearly, they're ticking down.
