Christie Kelly: Thanks, Denny. And good afternoon everyone. As Denny mentioned, I would like to provide an update on our second quarter financial performance as well under the progress on our capital strategy. Our second quarter 2012 core FFO was $0.26 per share. The improvement in Core FFO per share from $0.24 per share for the first quarter of 2012 was mainly driven by an increase in average occupancy, higher lease termination fee income, as well as the full quarter savings on dividends related to the first quarter repayment of our Series M preferred shares. First, as you can imagine, the timing of the lease buyouts is very hard to predict that we are generally recognized total termination fee income of $7.5 million to $15 million per year for the last couple of years. Our original guidance for the year was $5 million to $10 million, consistent with our normal run rate, and we still expect to be in that range. Second, G&A expense in this quarter was a little higher than we would expect for a go forward run rate due to less overhead costs being absorbed into leasing and development for the second quarter. As the development starts that we have announced for the first half of the year, pickup in volumes, we expect more overhead to be absorbed and accordingly G&A expense to decrease slightly. We’re comfortable with our G&A guidance that we have given of $38 million to $43 million for the year. For the quarter, we generated $0.21 per share in AFFO, which translates into a conservative dividend payout ratio slightly below 81%. Our year-to-date payout ratio is below 83%. We are pleased with our operating results for the quarter and anticipate continued solid execution throughout the rest of the year. Turning to the capital side of our business; we successfully generated new proceeds through several transitions during the quarter in an effort to lower our cost of capital and optimize on long-term debt maturities as well as fund the continued execution of our asset strategy. In June, we took advantage of a favorable interest rate environment and successfully executed a $300 million offering of 10-year senior unsecured notes with a coupon of 4.375% and an effective yield of 4.47%. The transaction reduced our weighted average cost of debt and further balanced the laddering of our maturity profile. We're very pleased with the timing and execution of this transaction and appreciate the support of our fixed income investors. We utilized the proceeds from this offering to repay an $88 million secured loan and fund a portion of our acquisition activity for the quarter. We ended the quarter with $107 million of cash that we will be primarily utilized towards funding $171 million of third quarter debt maturities along with our development funding obligations. In May 2012, we executed new ATM programs that allow for the issuance of up to $200 million worth of our common stock. During the second quarter of 2012, we issued approximately 311,000 shares of common stock under that program, generating net proceeds of approximately $4.4 million. Thus far in July, we have issued an additional $2 million of our common shares, which generated net proceeds of approximately $29 million. We have been selective in utilizing our new ATM program and total issuance since the beginning of the second quarter including early July has been at an average stock price of $14.69. We also generated 27 million of proceeds from non-strategic asset dispositions. We utilized the capital generated during the quarter to fund development activities as well as fund $100 million of property acquisitions, of which nearly all were high-quality bulk industrial properties. Our liquidity remains very solid when considering the fact that we have no borrowings outstanding on our $850 million line of credit and have very manageable debt maturities for the remainder of the year totaling $254 million. I will conclude by saying that I am very happy with our progress in the second quarter as we continue to execute across all aspects of our strategies. With that, I'll turn it back over to Denny.
Christie Kelly: Ki Bin, I’ll take the first part of that. We started back in 2009. If you remember, we took a significant impairment on our bills or held-for-sales property. And to that point, as we’re holding our land today, we’ve took probably a 33% write-down, and overall we’re looking at holding our land at $0.77 on the $1. And where we are right now, we’ve got $0.5 billion that we’re holding for development going forward split 70% towards industrial and 30% towards office in alignment with our strategy.
Christie Kelly: Yeah, I think the way I look at that, Michael, is if you look at our guidance of G&A, and there were just some comments as it relates to the quarter being a little bit higher. What I was just trying to articulate is the fact that it’s really gets down to timing, and timing of the development starts that we announced together with looking at the lease up. And when you look at the overall range that we gave for the year being between $43 million and $38 million, we’re really comfortable with that G&A. And we’ll be right at the mid-point to maybe even a little bit better, depending on how the developments unwind here throughout the second half of the year, which has got some nice momentum on it.
Christie Kelly: Yeah, and I want to circle back on that comment really quickly, which might help with some of this in perspective. I just want to – just roll back the clock to ‘09 when we really started to articulate the asset strategy. Since then we’ve invested over $2.5 billion in our business. And in terms of those investment dollars, about 30% of those investment dollars have gone towards over 90% leased product, quality product with high credit tenants, and 70% of those dollars have been allocated towards developments both build-to-suit and spec, as well as opportunities where we’ve got lease up in the acquisitions that we’ve done like Premier.
Christie Kelly: Sure Jason, this is Christie. Just to talk a little bit about the balance sheet metrics. As it relates to overall leverage, we ended June at about 48% effective leverage, and we’re driving over the long-term portion of our strategy to move that to 45%. It was up a little bit here in the first quarter just because we took advantage of the market on the $300 million unsecured offering that we did. And specifically as it relates to coverage, we ended the quarter at 1.81 times fixed charge coverage, and over the long-term, we’re driving that coverage ratio above 2, and then we’ll be driving that further as we drive into the end of 2013. And then looking at debt plus preferred to EBITDA, we ended June at a little over 8, tick over 8. And we’ve been really looking to take down our more expensive preferred and we’ll be doing so in February on the [odes] that are out there and we’ll be looking to drive our debt plus preferred to EBITDA to below 7.75, here in the long-term over our capital strategy, so nice progress, strengthening balance sheet, and we remain focused on it.Jason Jones – Wells Fargo Securities: Great, thanks.
Dennis D. Oklak: Thanks, Christie. Yesterday, we tightened our guidance for FFO per share to $0.98 to $1.06 for 2012 in recognition of our positive leasing activity and operational performance year-to-date. We continue to remain comfortable with the range of estimates for the key operating metrics we've provided to you in January. As alluded to you on the last call, we still expect to be near the high end of average occupancy because of the strong year-to-date start and the fact that we have only 3% of our leases expiring during the remainder of the year. We are proceeding as expected with acquisitions and dispositions though the timing is a little weighted towards the end of the year. We also have a strong backlog of new development projects that we believe we can execute during the second half of the year. Most importantly, we are focused on executing our operating asset and capital strategies in undoubtedly more volatile economic climate these days. We firmly believe executing on our plan will strengthen the Duke Realty platform and provide for steady long-term earnings and dividend growth for the market cycles. Thank you again for your support of Duke Realty and now we'll open it up for questions.
Dennis D. Oklak: It was several tenants, I'd say it was a couple larger ones of – and one was in Raleigh were we terminated a tenant and immediately backfilled it with an other tenant, so that's really why we did – did it because we have the opportunity to – basically relocate an existing tenant into a larger space. And then the second one was the project I mentioned up in Chicago where we had existing tenant that we relocated and expanded and as part of that they actually provided us a buyout on some of their space that they were leaving. So, it was – both the transactions were really good deals for us.
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah Josh, all of those assets have rental rate increases, it pretty much annual. Rental rate increase is built into them. I just – I’d make a couple of comments on that because, again we are still finishing up our asset repositioning strategy when you look at it. so we’ve got roughly $500 million to $600 million more of industrial growth to occur, we’ve got about $500 million of additional suburban office to dispose off and then about $300 give or take million of retail to dispose off. So we're still focused on getting to those targets by next year, which we’ve been saying for a long time now. but we’re being a little bit more selective as we go through and the volumes are lower, because we've done some very large transactions as you know over the last few years. And again, when we’re trying to do that, I think we run into some timing issues. so a couple of things, we may be buying some things before we actually get our dispositions closed, but we really know where we’re headed. So again, it's all part of that process. So you may see us acquiring again a couple of stabilized assets that fit into our strategy before we've had a chance to sell some of our unstabilized assets. so it just looks a little different. I mean the truth is, we’re really using the proceeds from our ATM to fund the new development starts, which is as I mentioned we’re getting really good yields on those. If you look at our pipeline today, our average yield on those development projects is 8.25%. So we think that’s really good accretive use of those funds. So I think that answers your question, but I also just really wanted to give some color on our thought process.
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah. So going back, there are two things. Yes, clearly NOI growth in these, and again they’re all in real strong markets. so we think we’ll get very good NOI growth there. but then my other point is we’re still selling some assets that even though they might not match up on a quarter-by-quarter basis, they’re going to match up. and as we've been saying and as we've proven, we're not diluting our AFFO as we reposition the portfolio. so sometimes you will see us buy a stabilized asset that we think it’s a great long-term asset, and it's just not matched up, let's say, a suburban office disposition, but again we're still looking at it that way that it's part of the non-dilutive repositioning that we're still going through.
Dennis D. Oklak: Again, I would say we’re obviously not doing a lot of it. We’ve only started one and now have just a couple of others in the pipeline, so we're being very selective. and again, I think that market rates and some of these markets have begun to move up market rental rates. So I think we're seeing some ability to start these developments. but just on a bottom line basis, I would tell you, our yield requirements on spec developments probably, it's somewhere between 100 basis points and 150 basis points above what we think the market cap rates are today. So we're still getting that spread. It's just that today cap rates are pretty low and especially on the industrial side, I would say in most of these markets, so our developed yields are a little bit lower than they would have historically been, but I’d tell you we’ll be getting above the same spread somewhere in that 100 basis points to 150 basis points range.Paul Adornato – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Dennis D. Oklak: Well, I’ll tell you it’s probably 50 to 75 basis points today, because in this environment the build-to-suit industrial development is going on out there. With the competition today, there isn’t a huge spread over what acquisition yields are going for. If you’ve got a long-term lease with a high-credit tenant, you’re only looking at maybe 50 plus or minus basis points spread over what the market acquisition cap rates are. So again, if you got to say acquisition cap rates then go up 50 for a build-to-suit and up another 75 to 100 for spec.Brendan Maiorana – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Dennis D. Oklak: That land is really where we’re starting those spec industrial projects and the spec office project that we started down in Houston, and then also a lot of our build-to-suit activities occurring on that land too.Ki Bin Kim – Macquarie Research:  Okay.
Dennis D. Oklak: Well, I would say, again, there is two pieces of land. What Christie mentioned was the stuff that we just decided we weren’t going to develop and we’re not holding for sale and we did impair that. And I would say, almost three years now since we did that we probably sold about 20% to 25% of that land at basically right at or a little above the impaired value. Then the rest of that land, which is in the neighborhood of $0.5 billion, I would tell you that for the most part today’s rental rates could probably support development on there. The real issue is demand. There is still just not enough demand in most of these markets for us to feel comfortable starting a spec development, because it’s just going to take too long to fill it. So, I don’t think we’re that far off on the land as far as rental rates. Again, I think it’s just what’s really going on in the markets.
Dennis D. Oklak: It’s not a huge piece right now. If you look at year-to-date, our total was about $5.5 million for the first six months.
Dennis D. Oklak: I’m sorry, for the quarter. So, about $5.5 million for the quarter, so it’s about $20 million to $25 million, John.
Dennis D. Oklak: It’s a little hard to say, because it’s all over the board project-by-project. But I would tell you capitalized G&A, it’s roughly in line with fees that we pay to outside providers. So, typically if you were to assume in there 3% development fee and 2% or 3% construction, management fee, so 5% or 6%. That’s roughly the kind of overhead, maybe a little bit less than that. And then interest, that just depends on the length of the project. So, I don’t think there is any rule of thumb on the interest capitalization, but I would say as far as the operating overhead, probably 5%.
Dennis D. Oklak: Yeah, I suppose. I don’t think we ever look at it that way, because those are true part of the project costs, but you’re right, yeah.
Dennis D. Oklak: I don’t have in front of me exactly what the dollar amount of what we’ve capitalized so far this year. But again, I would say for mostly on the construction development side, it’s roughly 5% of our volume that we have during the year...
Dennis D. Oklak: Just to put it in perspective, we’ll probably have 500, maybe a little bit more of construction volume this year. And then there is some related to the leasing fees that we have. That number is a little harder to pinpoint, but it’s just based on leasing volume and again sort of probably kind of a 50% of what market leasing commissions would be is what we capitalized there. So, hopefully that helps.
Dennis D. Oklak: I think it’s about $25 million or something like that of the total project cost on that project, yeah $25 million.
Dennis D. Oklak: And they were basically 100% leased high credit tenants and on a long-term leases. So that excludes Chino altogether.
Dennis D. Oklak: Well, I don’t have that exact number in front of me, but I’ll tell you that I think roughly that’s probably a – it’s a longer term average lease term based on the kind of assets we’re buying so it’s probably six or seven years.
Dennis D. Oklak: I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Our third quarter earrings call is tentatively scheduled for November 1. Thanks again everyone.
