Thomas Olinger: Yeah. So, the answer to your question is yes. We have not included the forecasted rent. So, we underwrite based on what we see currently. So, we're -- in this environment we're seeing returns compress. You should expect to see some compression in the development yield. Now mix also has a lot to do that -- with that. And that's something we can check out and maybe get back to you guys in the call down. In terms of cap of trends, I don't think you want to pay any attention to our forecast since we've been consistently wrong for the last five years.
Thomas Olinger: Hey, Craig. So, I think you're asking what's 8% to 9% -- if it was 8% to 9% back in 2019, has that changed today? And yes, it's changed. And I think for several reasons. And it gets back to the differentiators I talked about in my script, but I'll start with same-store. My memory is that the same-store embedded in that Investor Day was 3.5% to 4.5%. And that had …
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. Under the -- our new methodology, I think that we were about 18%, give or take. Today we're at 36%, so almost double. Right? So, you can think about that ratchet -- that in-place to market alone is going to ratchet up our same-store growth by more than 100 basis points, up to 150 basis points. So, you can think about that level of same-store for several years, because that 36% in-place to market growth is an average. So think about what it's going to be over the next year or two, should be higher, right? Because you're going to be rolling leases higher. And that 36% is not stopping. If you look at our guidance, right, for rent growth for the year and rent change, I would expect to see that in-place to market build by the time we get to 2020 -- and then 2022, it's going to -- I think it's going to cross the 40% mark. So that same-store is going to continue to grow and it's going -- it's not a one or two-year story. It's two, three, four, five-year story. And again, that's what market rents not growing the 36%, that's number one. Second would be think about our Strategic Capital business, how we are scaling in that business, how our fees are growing without promotes, right? We saw asset values increase 39% overall for the year. Well guess what? That increases asset values in our funds and our asset management fees increase as well. So, that business is continuing to scale and contribute. And then when you look at our Essentials business, we expect -- we talked that Investor Day about that business, adding 50 basis points of growth, kind of $0.02. I think we're going to be well ahead of that. So, I could go on with differentiators, but, that 8% to 9%, the new normal is I think what you're staring down with our core results this year.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. I'll throw in some thoughts on rent growth. Rent growth in Europe is catching up to the U.S. And we've seen this play out in the past. And frankly it's catching up slower than we expected, because vacancy rates across Europe haven't been lower than the U.S., but that's taking place now. And I think we and Chris ought to pile in here. This year we'll see European rent growth that I think will exceed that U.S.
Thomas Olinger: The vast majority of it does come into the REIT itself versus the taxable REIT subsidiary. When you think just about dividends, as we've talked about in the past, we are -- we have extremely low payout ratio, 60%-ish is what we've been averaging and similar to what I would expect for 2022. And we're paying out the minimum required. So, you should think about our dividend having to grow in line with our underlying earnings. So, when you see earnings growing at 22%, those promotes our landing in the op in our REIT and needs to be reflected in our dividend accordingly.
Thomas Olinger: Sure, Nick. So, what -- I'll preface it by, there are several factors that go into the promote, not just real estate valuation, there's FX considerations because it's a euro denominated fund, but that fund also has functional currencies, not in euro, British pound, for example, right? So, there's FX activity going on functional and transactional -- transitional. Second would be there's depth mark-to-market in there. So, longwinded way of saying that there are a lot of factors that, that impact it. From a evaluation standpoint, we think there's some modest, mid single digit valuation increase embedded in there. We're taking our best shot at where it's going to land. A lot of variables can impact it. And we're going to update you accordingly as those move around, particularly given how this -- how -- once you -- once the promote exceeds that top hurdle, you can have a lot of variability in either direction, just depending on how things go. So, funds -- based on third-party appraisals, they're going to be what they're going to be. Interest rates are going to be what they're going to be. FX rates are going to be what they're going to be. We've taken their best shot at estimating those impacts. And we'll keep you posted.
Thomas Olinger: And you certainly seen our AUM grow and continue to grow. So, the underlying base at this point is growing rapidly as well.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. There was nothing in the quarterly results as indicative of more or less interest. And as you see quarter-to-quarter, these numbers move around quite a bit. We are always in the market. We look at all the deals, big small portfolios, et cetera. And prices have been moving up. Obviously, there are competitive situations, but I think we're disciplined like we always have been with acquisitions. But we got great teams and we're on every deal.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah. So, if you look at the composition of the land bank, our option land and covered land place, so this is almost 200 million square feet of build out opportunity. It's about two-thirds in the Americas and a third outside of the Americas. So that's the balance. And the pace at which the cadence at which we take it down, it'll be opportunity driven.
Thomas Olinger: We are NPV investors on leasing. And the profile of it is -- usually our flexibility to deal with the tenants preferences actually allows us to extract the higher NPV.
Thomas Olinger: Mike, I'd say there's no greater difference than there always have been. And you underwrite these at 15 to 20 on spec and roughly 10% on build-to-suit and those numbers are move around a little bit based on risk. But if you're asking about the differentiation between the two, things really haven't changed. Obviously, the outcomes have changed, because the margins are much, much higher.
Thomas Olinger: Yeah, Steve. So in the U.S. in 2021, there were total shell construction cost increases of about 31% and that's on a market wide basis. We were able to mitigate about 7% of that increase or seven percentage points of the increase. So, our net increase that we absorbed last year was 24%. So, we feel like most of that is a competitive advantage against our competitors. And there's a lot behind this in terms of what do we see for this year? Tough to see say how that plays out, but our teams are considering a 10% to 12% additional shell construction increase for 2022.
Thomas Olinger: I would say Caitlin, there are very few things that haven't happened already in that will affect 2022 one way or another, because even if we get it wrong on rental change on one side or together, we put away so many of our rollovers already in for 2022, that there isn't that much opportunity on the margin to put of effect that in a big way. So, there's 6% leasing basically remaining to be done. And that's going to happen on average in the middle of the year. So that's really 3% of our 97%. It's just not going to move the numbers around that much. And obviously development stabilizations and all that are more a future year type of thing again, they occur during the year. So, I would say our, our volatility in the short term, meaning this year is going to be relatively modest. And you can take that answer to the bank pretty much any year at this time.
Thomas Olinger: I'm not sure I understand the question completely. Expenses are obviously going up as well, but they're going up more sort of in line with general inflation and real estate rent inflation in logistics has been certainly higher in that if you want to describe it as inflation. The other thing is that in terms of overall logistic costs, rents even with their recent escalation are 3%, 4% of the total picture. So, cost of drivers, cost of fuel, cost of transportation, all of those things are much bigger factors in terms of our customer's cost structure. So, there is not as much sensitivity to the real estate cost. If there's a commensurate increase in productivity that comes along with that, I think that's what you asked, but we'll give you an opportunity to clarify here if that's not what you asked.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. I think Tom answered your second question, but let me take another stab at it. We know this is a fact, it's not opinion that supply -- that inventory levels -- in terms of inventory to sales ratios are 10 points below what they were prior to the pandemic. And the reason for that is that people are sitting at home and the goods economy has been on fire and people are buying a lot of stuff and not spending as much money on experience, et cetera. So that dynamic will change. But regardless, that 10% will have to snap back to a normal level. And that's a source for demand. In addition to that, as we outlined in a paper that we put at almost the year and a half ago now, we believe there is -- at that time, we thought 5% to 10%; today, we would say 10% to 15% more demand. In other words, higher inventory to sales ratio than normal or pre-pandemic, because of the need for resilience. And where -- where's that number come from, it come from all the customers that we talk to every day. So, between where we are now and where we think we're going to end up being, there is a 20% to 25% swing in inventories. That is huge. And it is not driven by the fact that there's a bunch of inventories sitting around, certainly not in the U.S. and maybe sitting around in some plant somewhere, but in the U.S., there's no inventory around for it to go away. That's the problem. And that's what's creating the supply chain problem. Now there were a lot of people smarter than me who predicted that the supply chain problems will be -- would've been over by Christmas or after Christmas. That is not the case. All they're doing is they're parking the ships further into the Pacific so that the visual is not as concerning, if you will, as it would've been, too many 60 minute stories on that, that concern the politicians, but that's not the only indication of a supply chain problem. I mean, you could have a product that has 50 different parts going into it. And until the last part gets there, you can't ship that product. So that's a supply chain problem. The fact that you can't get trackers to pick up the goods from ports or transport them from point A to point B, that's a supply chain problem. I think all of those things are going to take multiple years to result themselves. So, I think we're going to be in this mode for a while.
Hamid Moghadam: It was actually 3% growth on top of 3% growth in market rent, up at the mark-to-market that existed there. And I don't remember what that was. It was in the teen certain.
Hamid Moghadam: Craig, let me add two things to what Tom said, all of which I agree with. Number one, you actually got our same-store right, better than most people including us. So, congratulations on that -- on that for the past. But going forward, look, the market is really good and all kinds of different portfolios, regardless of their strategies will do well in an environment where rents are going up and cap rates are compressing. But we are thinking way beyond that. I mean, Tom mentioned Essentials, we have significant expectations for that business. Look at our labor, CWI business, that is becoming -- we did it as a service to customers, but it's quickly turning into a potential profit center. We have now put together a group to invest in the EV charging. And we have actually committed to our first project in Southern California for EV charging on trucks. The ROIs on that business are off the charts. So, we're not -- and by the way, I could go on for another 20 minutes talking about the stuff that's in the pipeline. So, we're not sitting and just praying for the real estate aspects of our business. The most valuable aspect of our business is the billion square feet of customers that we serve that are in need of lots of other things. So, we're really excited about the long-term prospects. We didn't have that in 2019. Those things were glimmer in our eye. Now they're real businesses producing real bottom line. So, that's why I'm pretty optimistic about the future going forward.  And remember all of that is being done with sub 20% leverage. And external growth, yeah, we have more external growth than anybody, but in relation to the size of our portfolio, external growth is almost an afterthought. We don't need to depend on that. I'd say in my opinion, lower quality source of growth because you're just arbitraging external capital to the internal cost capital. Ours is organic. So, really, really not only feel good about the level of growth on forward, but also the quality of that growth.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. The other thing I would add to that is that we're not assuming cap rate compression. And based on today's values I would say there's appraisal lag built into some of these valuations because the appraisers have a hard time keeping up with comps. Even today the market's been so fast moving. So, I think there are a couple of layers of protection built in that. And obviously, as Tom explained, once you pass the waterfall, all of the additional values promotable. So, there's a lot of leverage on the upside and also on the downside. But if I were betting person, I would take the upside on that, not the downside.
Hamid Moghadam: Let me take a stab at this. The issue with our promotes is this, we have two huge open-ended funds that are promotable and those are on three years promote cycle. So, 2022 and 2023, our big promote year is just like 2020 and -- sorry -- 2019 and 2020 were, except more so. So, the third year we have some small funds in that year. This year, for example, is that third year, which is relatively thin. We had -- this past year, we had UKLV in there. So, we have some smaller funds in there. Those funds over time will grow. So, this promote picture will become more even.  We've also gone through a modernization of our funds terms and given the investors the option of, uh, basically extending the promotable period to the lean years and also new capital coming in is going to have its promote tied to the year that the capital came in as opposed to a set year. So, over time, you're going to see these promotes smooth out. It will take some years for them to be perfectly smooth. So, the way I would think about it is, look at the promotes over a three-year cycle and average them. And I think the guidance that Tom talked about for this year 2022 is actually not a bad number as sort of thinking about roughly that average over a three-year period. And as to the valuation of that, look, you guys are -- you guys can do that better than us, but we're not getting anything for that. And we should get something. So, because the history is there, you can go back and look at it for 10 years under the new Prologis 11 years and assume something as a percentage of AUM. Historically, I've always used 25 basis points kind of in my head of promotable AUM with 60% of that going to the bottom line, because of our participation programs. So that's the way I think about it in a normalized year, but I think it's going to be much higher than that in this cycle.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, our margins on start have historically always been projected to be lower than our actual margins with completion. Because we don't count on things like super rent growth. And as we talked about earlier or cap rate compression or all those other things that have happened and obviously over time, we're using up the cheapest land and buying more and more of our land at margin. So -- and the kind of margins we've had in the last couple of years have been just an unprecedented. So, over time you should expect those kinds of margins to glide to a more normalized level as the cap rate compression slows down and rental growth eventually will slow down, can't keep going at 20% a year. So that is not at all unusual. There's nothing specific going on that other than mix where in some years we're developing more here and there and there are different, and our land bank has different ages in different jurisdictions. So, mix has a lot -- has a little bit to do with it, but the general trend has been much higher than cross cycle kind of margin that we would expect to see.
Hamid Moghadam: Labor is getting worse. Labor has been getting worse actually for 10 years, and the pandemic only just made it worse faster. I think that is forcing our customers into deploying more automation, because they have to get their work done. That requires a lot of capital that many of our customers don't have. So that's a business opportunity for Prologis is to invest in innovation and robotics and all kinds of other automation issues that help with the labor problem. Also CWI is a major step that we've taken in that regard. But I will tell you this, that more of that technology is deployed in our buildings, the stickier the tenants become, and probably they -- the term of the lease will increase and turnover costs will go down. So, I think it's good for us long-term, but I don't think this labor problem is going to get solved. And it's particularly acute in the U.S. It exists in other parts of the world, but it's particularly acute in the U.S. And there lots of theories as the reasons for it, but I'm not smart enough to know which ones make sense and which ones don't.
Hamid Moghadam: The other thing I would say is that if you look at our 20-year track record of development profits, actually two-thirds have come from overseas and a third from the U.S. And again, that's a differentiator for Prologis where we just have a bigger plank bill and to make money.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. On the cash in-place to mark today is right around 30%. And from an escalator standpoint, I think what we're seeing today with escalators would clearly be in the threes, and in certain markets it's in the fours and potentially even higher. So, I would tell you there, when we think about all this escalators are certainly important. But at the end of the day, our teams are trying to drive the highest cash flows at the Canada lease. Bumps are a part of that. Starting rents a part of that. TIs are a part of that, right? It all goes into the mix. And so, while it's important to look at bumps, it's not necessarily the sole determinate of the economics. You're driving out of leases.
Hamid Moghadam: By the way, then let me tie that to some of the earlier questions. When you getting this kind of escalation on replacement costs, and by the way, I would say land prices have gone up even at a higher rate that, it's nice to own already a billion square feet of this kind of real estate. So, particularly all -- the other people trying to get into the same business driving down cap rates at the same time that replacement cost rents are going up is a nice place to be. That is not brilliance. That's just dumb luck.
Hamid Moghadam: And then I'd go back just to the in-place to market that $1.2 billion of NOI that's we will capture with no market rent growth, that gives you a high level of certainty regarding the same-store growth going forward. So, the things you need to think about is, if rent growth outperforms in 2022, that's going to take that $1.2 billion rep. I mentioned, I think that 36% in-place to market today is going to cross 40% by the time we get to the end of the year, it's that sort of predictability I believe that underpins our confidence why our growth will be -- continue to be sector leading for many years to come.
Hamid Moghadam: Look, we've taken our best shot and we do have a view on these things. After all we'll give you guidance and we've done that for 25 years. So, we do have a view. And our views always been -- not always, but in the last 10 years, as far as I remember, is that most of us in this room sort of grew up in the 80s and 90s and caps rates were 9% and 10% for logistics in those days. So as the cap rates have marched down in the last 20 years to where they are today, I don't know, 3% to 4%, we are anchored in the past. So it always feels like it's a little expensive and all that. But there are a couple things that have changed. Logistics have -- first of all, generally interest rates and all that have driven capital market returns down for everything, stocks, bonds, everything, including real estate. But I think there has been a better appreciation of logistics, real estate as an asset class that has caused logistic cap rates to compress further than maybe some other property tax that have compressed less or in more recent years gone the other way. I don't see anything stopping that part of it. So your gets as good as mine and with respect to long-term interest rates and their direction. But I can tell you the weight of the money is accelerating. It's not slowing down. The other thing is that I think if you are uncertain about the inflation outlook, which is what a lot of the discussion is, is it inflation? Is it supply chain? Is it short-term? Is it long-term? Not a bad thing to own modestly leveraged real estate in an asset class that's in equilibrium -- actually better than equilibrium, couple hundred basis points to either than equilibrium, when you have replacement costs that give you that buffer. So, we have the buffer of the mark-to-market in the 30% range that Tom talked about, but we also have the buffer of replacement costs going up, which Gene talked about. That's just the future buffer that we started talking about yet. So, I think rental score -- I have been consistently in our company low on rental projections, but higher than all my colleagues, low compared to what actually happened, but higher than all my colleagues. And I expect that to continue you for some time, but I think it's imprudent in a year where you've had this kind of spectacular rental growth to go out there and project 10 more years of that. I mean -- and so we run our business assuming more modest, sort of more closer to trend-line type of dynamics. And if it works out better than that, we report it to you every quarter. So we try to get it as close to the pin and as the pin moves, we'll move. So, I don't know if that's an answer to your question or not. One other thing I would tell you and I think you were the -- is this the last question? Yeah, you were the last question. So, maybe this is a wrap up. Look, as you think about our company, it's really important to get cap rates, right? Really important at least in the long term to get rental growth and all those things, right? And we will out compete on those basis all day long, but this company is increasingly become -- becoming a multiple product line cash flow generating type of business. Tom mentioned a billion dollars coming out of our private capital franchise with essentially no capital because our capital is our co-investment, which is in the rent business. So, the Essentials business, we sort of gloss over it, but it's a $75 million year business. Now it can be $1 billion business, the EV business can be $1 billion business. I'm not saying that it is, or whether it's going to happen in two years, but increasingly we're building these cash flows on top of the base real estate business because eventually the real estate business will slow down, but the ability to do business with those customers that use our real estate, I think is a runway for us for multiple decades. So, that's what's really exciting about where we are today.
