Hamid Moghadam: Thanks, Tom. I will keep my remarks short as our business and our markets continue on a positive trajectory. Market fundamentals are strong as they have been in my career. In the U.S., occupancy has continued to test new highs and rental growth accelerated in 2017, led by the large coastal markets. Net absorption was healthy last year, although it was constrained below 2016 levels as a result of limited new supply. Market dynamics today are highly favorable to [indiscernible] and should remain so for the foreseeable future. Today about 30% of our global portfolio consists of in-fill assets which are positioned for last touch delivery. In our view and notwithstanding all the market noise, it will be impossible to duplicate such holdings in any scale for late adopters of the now very popular last mile strategy. In Europe, cap rate declines have lifted value significantly. While we expect cap rates to compress even further, we have now reached an inflexion point for rental growth in New York. Fueled by improved conditions on the continent, we expect rents to accelerate for the foreseeable future and narrow the gap with the U.S. The lag in rental recovery in Europe will carry our momentum beyond the inevitable point that the U.S. markets normalize. Looking ahead, there is plenty of gas left in the tank. We are laser focused on capturing rental growth and deploying capital in profitable developments. The mark to market of our portfolio has increased steadily over the last 18 months, which will also extend the runway for continued rental growth. Our scale provides us with attractive capital sourcing and deployment opportunities around the world. We will continue to deliver value by putting our well located land bank to work and by leveraging our unparalleled customer relationships. I will close by saying that our business strategy remains unchanged. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen and our portfolio is uniquely positioned to deliver strong results well into the future. We remain vigilant about unforeseen risks in this environment but are very optimistic about our prospects in 2018 and beyond. I would like to now turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. John, this is Hamid. Let me start and then turn it over to Gene for some color on the specifics. I think the real estate industry generally, for the last 35 years that I have been involved, and that has always gotten CapEx strong. Because I think there is all these weird things that people count as recurring, not recurring, value-enhancing, non-value enhancing. And I think those problems are particularly acute in the sectors you mention. I think probably apartments and industrial are the most straightforward because we don’t have major [indiscernible] rehabs and all those kind of other stuff that goes on. So generally the problem that you raise is a serious problem that AFFO many years ago tried to address but in my opinion didn’t do a very good job on it. So that is the general comment. I would say many of our tenants invest above and beyond our contributions significant improvements. Typically our improvements once the building is second generation, consists of paints and carpet and maybe a little bit of walls moving around in the office portion. Very little in the warehouse space. Now we have customers that may put in nothing about that and there are couple of occasions where our customers are actually using the buildings for data centers and may put at thousand or more dollars a square foot in there. But that’s really not reflected in the rent that we collect. We are not in the business of over improving space at our expense in temporary and specific customized improvements for anybody just to pump up the rent. I just want to be really clear about that. Just to make this really simple, the way I would like to look at CapEx is actually to add up all the CapEx and look at it as a percentage of NOI. And historically in our business that number has been about 12% to 15% depending on where you are in the cycle.
Hamid Moghadam: So, Blaine, I think when we did the merger and we laid out some balance sheet objectives, that was really where we what the long-term capital structure of the business was going to be. And I think at that time we said we want to have a top three balance sheet in the industry and got a lot of giggles at that point. And here we are now with just under 24% leverage and an A minus rating, which we are happy about. I think the recent declines in 2017 and the projected declines in 2018 in leverage are not something that we are doing consciously to further improve the balance sheet. They are just a byproduct of executing our capital recycling strategy and you can't do that perfectly. So at some point when we are done with disposing of our non-strategic assets, which we expect to have that completed in 2018, our leverage will probably drift up by a few hundred basis points and thereby propelling our growth to where we really want it to be in the long-term. But that totally depends on investment opportunities and the attractiveness of those capital deployment opportunities. Bottom line, our leverage is lower than we planned it to be but that’s consistent with the other aspects of our strategy.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. That simple answer is, no, we are not seeing anything different. In fact, markets at this point are stronger than they were last year. Last year, you may remember, there were a couple of markets that we had seen excess supply, including by the way, Chicago, that Gene just mentioned. And we kind of talked about that and warned the market that maybe some of these markets are getting a little soggier. And then as you point out, we ended up getting between 9% rental growth in the U.S. So we clearly got that one wrong. We were too conservative in terms of what happened. But having said that, I mean nobody is going to go and forecast 10% rental growth into the future. We are in unchartered waters. So I think what we are counting on today is a growth rate much less than that and our assumptions and our guidance is based on numbers that are about half as much as big as that this year. But, who knows, it may be higher or lower and we don’t have perfect insight into the future. So, I don’t know, we will see. My hope is that we will even do better.
Hamid Moghadam: So in some of the markets like the [South Bay] [ph] just to pick the example that you mentioned, it's impossible to add any supply. In fact there is supply coming off and there is negative supply. San Francisco has had negative supply because people are turning [spots] [ph] to build apartments and all that. So there is very little supply there. And what happens is that there is substitution of locations, as people go further out, compromise on some other parameters just to be able to get the space that they need. So let me throw it to Gene for some more color in there.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. I think that is correct. Ki Bin, I think, the key differentiator in rent growth last year was barriers to supply, either by markets [indiscernible] versus other, or in terms of product size. So you saw better performance in smaller versus [big] [ph] product. But you know, let's also now let the question go in terms of the rate of supply growth. There has been a real slowdown in the rate of supply growth. Starts last year and for that matter the supply pipeline, I am sure numbers you follow, up 5% to 10%. But contrast in a market environment like we are discussing, historically it would have been double digits. So there is this discipline in the supply side that also is affecting it.
Hamid Moghadam: Okay. And with respect to the multistoried product, I am not sure how popular it is. There are lot of people talking about it, my knowledge is there is only one multistory building being build in the U.S., but for sure overtime there will be more. We have got couple in the pipeline. And it's all about land value and growth pressures like the one Gene talked about in some of these infill markets that you know well. So I think there is more talk than action. These are not easy things to do. I mean eventually people will get the technology right but it's tough to find a 10 to 20 acre piece of land in a major metro area to build one of these things and all the mitigation measures and traffic and height limits and all that, really make it difficult to do this. So I think it's only in those markets where rents are sort of solidly in the mid double digits, mid to high teens, low 20s, that is penciled to do this kind of construction.
Hamid Moghadam: You know some of these things can be in the U.S. which is cheaper than Japan, can be easily $150 million, $200 million, and a couple of the ones we are looking at are $0.5 billion in investment. You know they are kind of approaching good high rise office type numbers and I am not sure there are that many people around that can right those checks.
Hamid Moghadam: I will take that and others may want to jump in. So the customer segments that have been active really haven't changed much over the last couple of quarters. There has been transportation, construction, food and auto have also been strong and ecommerce as a percentage of the demand has also been fairly steady. And as we look out into this year, that’s a tough thing to predict because there are several participants in that sector who have big plans for new distribution rollout. How much of that ends up being absorption in this year is really tough to say. But I would guess, on balance I would see an upper arrow for ecommerce in 2018. But those other industries I mentioned also very very strong right now.
Hamid Moghadam: I think construction -- I thin resi construction, resi related absorption is going to be higher next year, or I mean 2018 in the U.S.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, 47% historically is super high. So probably the number across the cycle is more like 25%. So I don’t know of anybody get used to those kinds of numbers. We were surprised by that number being that high.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, Steve. Our goal is to get down to two years of development of land supply and our development guidance, I mean it bounces around every year but you may -- actually you will remember that back in 2010, the dark days, 2010, 2011, I think the first analyst meeting we had as a merge company, we talked about development volumes being between $2 billion and $3 billion in aggregate. Not our share but in aggregate. And that’s exactly where we are. We are now sort of around $3 billion in aggregate. And roughly the land that goes with that is about $750 million type of land. So about a quarter of the total investment volume. So if you literally want to own two years of land, that’s about $1.5 billion of land and that’s more land than we currently have on the books. Maybe not in market value but just in terms of book value. So we are pretty close to our long term goals with respect to land. We may want to push it a little bit lower but not too much lower than where it is because we need that land to support our business. Getting land is very very difficult today. In the markets that we care about the most. The exactions, all the fees that people pile on, the traffic mitigation measures and all that, are getting to be really hard. So some of these parcels of land, you got to work on for a number of years before you get entitlements for it. We are pretty fortunate that we have land for almost $8 billion, $9 billion of development on our books. But on the margin we have been adding land, call it at the rate of maybe $400 million a year and chewing through land at the rate of maybe $600 million to $700 million a year. So waddling down the land bank by $200 million to $300 million a year. And that’s how we have gotten down to where we are. About $150 million of our land bank is what we call C and D category land bank. Probably more details than you care about, but those are essentially parcels of land that we inherited that we wouldn’t have bought. And those things are slower to absorb. So you kind of mentally have to put $150 million of land bank on this side and say, look, we are not going to monetize that. We are going to over time sell it, probably to users and alternative uses. We chewed through a lot of that lands and that number was more like $450 million when this exercise started. So we are getting near the end of that but I kind of mentally figure out the best outside of the target land bank that we would like to have.
Hamid Moghadam: So we essentially get two questions about tax reforms. One is the one that you asked and let me just answer that one. No, we haven't had a customer advisory meeting in January yet. So other than casual kind of decisions, we haven't had a really organized high level meeting with a bunch of customers to report any trends. But I think the net of the tax program is going to be that U.S. growth by people who know a lot more about these things than I do, is projected to be faster by about 25 to 50 basis points. So that additional growth is going to translate to obviously more demand for our kind of product. The second question, and I don’t know what but I wouldn’t be surprised if it's 30 million, 40 million feet more absorption if the product were there. I am not sure the supply is going to respond quickly enough for that product to be there. But I think it's going to be good for business. The other question we have gotten is, whether the tax act, the new tax act, is going to shift more of the demand to the middle of the country because the coasts got hammered in the tax thing because of salt and all those other stuff. On the margin, the 25% to 50% extra GDP growth is going to lift boats. I am not smart enough to know whether that’s going to lift the boats in the Midwest more than the ones on the coast but I think all of those boats are going to be raised and there could be that some of the lower tax states and with lower residential cost and lower tax rates we get a disproportionate benefit. But I think pretty much everywhere will get a benefit as a result of that higher GDP growth.
Hamid Moghadam: Manny, that’s a good question and I think that’s a problem that certainly has hurt the office sector in the past at inflexion points. We got a pretty good handle on shadow space because we track utilization on a quarterly basis and we have done that pretty consistently for the last ten years. So we both have sort of period to period comparisons and actually absolute level comparisons. Right now utilization continues to be at the highest level it's been, within very few points of the highest level it's been. So there is not a lot of slack in the system and people are not hoarding space the way there were in the first dotcom in the early 2000s where a lot of people were just leasing twice as much as they needed in the hope of burying into it. I think people have been pretty disciplined after the global financial crisis and then as the vacancy rates went from 14% to 4.5%-5%, they just don’t have the opportunity of doing that. So we don’t think there is a lot of shadow space at all.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes, welcome back, David, haven't talked to you in a while. With respect to protectionism, obviously there is a lot of protectionism but as you know, we are not so focused on the production side of that supply chain. We are focused on the consumption side of that supply chain. So frankly as long as people in LA and New York and all that continue to have to feed and clothe themselves, I really don’t care whether that inventory is coming from China or Kansas or Mexico. So we are really focused on where the consumption takes place and that’s where we have chosen to concentrate our investments. I think if your concern is mostly on the production side which it would have to be because all kinds of interference whether it's trade interference or tax regimes or whatever can shift that around, I think you are probably better off talking to people focused on those strategies. I don’t know much about that topic. With respect to Brexit, look a lot of people got all excited about Brexit when it was first announced as a surprise. I think our stock in one day went down five bucks but our occupancies in the U.K. went up and we had significant rental growth. And I would say the U.K. has slowed a little bit from that torrid pace back in 2016 but together with Germany it's probably, U.K. and Germany are the two best markets we have in Europe, and I would put them up against any markets anywhere including the U.S. So we have not really seen any evidence of Brexit having an impact yet and when it happens I don’t think it's going to be material either. Because what happened is that Brexit scared away a lot of capital and a lot of development that would have occurred didn’t occur. So the market actually ended up being tighter in the U.K. and I think that will continue.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, John, is that look, Amazon has pretty much got the same strategy we do. They want to be near where the consumers are. And those market are, I should say, we have the same strategy as them, Amazon. I suppose we went public earlier, so. But look it's kind of being harder and harder to find large plots of land that support single storey, 800 million square foot type buildings in these urban areas. So they need to be able to squeeze that much business into a smaller footprint by going vertical. And even in the 800 million square foot, they mezzanine them at three levels. So operating multiple levels with low clear heights are not anything unusual for them by any stretch. But I think the key point is what Mike of sort of mentioned. Any building that we do for Amazon or anybody else, we go through the analysis, do we want to own this building in a soft leasing market without Amazon renewing. And if the answer to that is that the building is fungible and divisible and we can lease it to a normal tenant, we keep it. If the answer is, no or maybe, we will sell those and there are planning people that want to buy that credit for 15 years. So there is not a shortage of capital for that kind of thing. And we have to do that otherwise they will end up being a very big portion of our portfolio and we kind of want to manage it to a lower number than our potential business opportunity with them.
Hamid Moghadam: So, Michael, you know there are so many different proposals coming in the early morning of everyday that we don’t really have the time or the ability to react to every single one of them. We will continue to have that commitment but as I have always said to our people, we don’t do this stuff to go to heaven, we do this stuff because it's good for our customers and we can make money doing it. Sustainability is a good investment because in the long-term the life cycle cost of operating the building are more favorable to our customers and eventually that translates to rent. So to the extent that tariffs or anything else might change those dynamics on the margin, the economics will change and we will do less in some areas and more in other areas. Once there are some specific proposals to react to, I can probably give you a more clearer answer. But we have never been in the business of saying, okay, we shall have x megawatts of power on our roof and therefore we are going to do that, whether or not it pencils or not. It's always been an economic calculation for us. Michael, I think you were the last question. So thank you again for your interest in Prologis and we look towards to seeing all of you soon in the next couple of months. All the best. Take care. Happy New Year.
Tom Olinger: Thanks, Michael. So about half of the difference was due to the fact that we blew in expense forecast by about $2.5 million, which in the fourth quarter, that’s about 60 basis points impact. And again, we blew the expense forecast, we got it right in 2018. So no impact on 2018. The other driver was, same store average occupancy lower than we had expected. We actually had a 10 basis point negative impact of same store occupancy in the fourth quarter. We thought we would see a positive increase. But to give you context, our share of average same store occupancy in the quarter was 96.5% but our ending same store occupancy was at 97.3%. So 80 bps higher. So as you can see, the leasing happened just later than we expected.
Tom Olinger: Yes. I think it's the latter, Craig. We are going to continue to push rents to get the right long-term economic results and higher same store growth. And we might sacrifice occupancy in the short-term just like you saw in Q4, for getting the right long-term answer.
Tom Olinger: Eric, this is Tom, I will go first. So the impact on our same store operating metric is about 40 bps in 2017. So if you look at on a comparative basis, 2017 under the new methodology would have been 4.2%. The midpoint of our new guidance under the new methodology for '18 midpoint is 4.5%. So we are seeing acceleration on a comparative basis on same store year-over-year.
Tom Olinger: Thanks. It's Tom. So as I said, our current in place to market at the end of the year, 14% globally, over 18% in the U.S. Two things you need to consider, is roll and the composition of the roll and rent growth. Those are the two drivers of what that mark to market, how that will move. Looking into 2018, I think there is an arrow up on the mark to market just as we were going to have about 20% roll, and you look at the composition of that role. And as Hamid said, thinking about 5%ish global rent growth. So I think there is an arrow up on that number.
Tom Olinger: Yes. I think if you are looking at owned and managed, you are going to see Brazil drag that down a bit. If you remember, we consolidated Brazil in the third quarter, and occupancy on that owned and managed portfolio was 78%, kind of staying there. We obviously think it was a great time for us to get in there and get that portfolio. And more to come on Brazil but I think we are definitely going to see a turnaround there in 2018. But when you look at the U.S. for example, in Q4 U.S. was a record 98% occupied. All time record.
Tom Olinger: Steve, the other thing to think about from the land that you don’t see show up in our land bank is our redevelopment opportunities. So when you think about multistory, that’s going to go on land that’s either sitting in the operating portfolio today or sitting down in other assets. I think we have done a really good job over the last four to five years of buying what we call covered land plays, which has some sort of income stream, whether it's a truck terminal or something like that, where we are going through entitlement, we are flipping a coupon. So that’s over and above the $9 billion or $10 billion of development build out potential that we have that Hamid mentioned. So there is more redevelopment opportunity there than that just sits in the land bank.
Tom Olinger: Craig, it's Tom. On your first question regarding the relative return on what we are selling versus what our in place portfolio, I don’t have those numbers readily available. But clearly the rent growth that we are seeing in our whole portfolio is substantially greater than the rent growth in what the non-core markets that we are selling.
Tom Olinger: Yes, maybe that’s the confusing number. I mean the total development volumes are more like 3 billion and our share is in the low -- 2.22.
Mike Curless: Yes, we saw last year, both in Europe and the United States, some of our smaller portfolios were aggregated. There was a lot of buyer interest in some larger portfolios and so we expect that trend to continue this year and we are very optimistic on our ability to execute our sales plan or even slightly more than we projected.
Mike Curless: Josh, this is Mike. Last year we did about 47% in terms of build to suit. As we look out over the next year, we expect to range in similar zone and I think why we are seeing those high levels of build to suits driven margin because of dearth of type of space our customers want to be, particularly in global markets. And we expect that to be a number that feels pretty solid for 2018.
Mike Curless: In terms of visibility, it's well over 90%. I would say that’s as good as it has been since the merger which gives our confidence in our forecast year. And then margins, your question there, you should expect us in the mid to high teens and good solid numbers based on the level of activity as well too.
Mike Curless: Yes, John, there is certainly a lot of buzz about the sizable rollout they have underway. But just to put some things in perspective, in any given year there is a massive amounts of RFPs that are suggested in those would could play out over a couple of years. This years, yes, a little big different. Some more unique approaches to the buildings. It's very early days on that and we are taking a hard look at that, just like we did to other buildings we have done at Amazon and to the extent they are very unique or we have the opinion that it would be better serve to sell those, we will certainly look at doing that as well. So very early in the process but you can always look at Amazon for being an innovator and we will keep up with them as well too.
