Hamid Moghadam: Hi, Ki Bin. This is Hamid. There's always a risk in this environment. I mean there's so many unknowables, but we've gotten spoiled to 350 million square feet of demand in the last couple of years. Let's just put this in a context. I mean in the past, we would have been very happy with even these lower levels of absorption, particularly when you consider that starts are way down and they're going to -- deliveries are going to really slow down as we go into 2024. So it's normalizing. That's the best way I can describe, but I wouldn't even be surprised if it falls further given all the stuff that we read in the papers. The CEOs that are making big CapEx decisions, basically push their people to see if they can start the week -- a quarter later or two quarters later. But that's all borrow demand, if you will, that is future demand that is getting deferred. So we're not that excited by one way or another. And just to finish the previous question that Dan started, our view, we don't have a forecast for development starts. We only have one because you guys asked us for one. We don't internally have one. We have a plan. We have entitlements on much of that land, about 80% of that land, we can start at any time. And we don't just look at our data at the end-of-the quarter. We see it every day as we lease a million square feet a day, so we can meter that development into the marketplace, as we see fit and make those adjustments. We're ready to go if we need to do more or less either way. At the end of the day, our company's story is about organic growth, and that's the high value form of growth and that's the one that we pay the most attention to, and actually, that's easier to figure out in this environment, given the very big mark-to-market which I've never seen in this business before. So in a way, our job is actually easier in terms of predictability of earnings and growth.
Hamid Moghadam: Sure. I think there is very little distress in the marketplace. Industrial real estate has done really well. I assume other people have significant mark-to-market, although I doubt if there -- it's quite the same level as ours. But there is protection in terms of that mark-to-market and other portfolios, and there are no fore sellers because leverage in the industry is pretty low. So we're not looking for distressed opportunities, but we are looking for opportunities that reflect the increasing cost of capital compared to call it a year, year and a half ago. And you should know, we look at every deal that anybody does and reads in the papers. Not hard to figure out that if you want to sell something, you call Prologis. So, you know, our feeling is people are still stuck on the old values, and buyers are expecting a substantial discount for those values. I suspect that most of those numbers will move closer together in the next couple of quarters and the market will start transacting. The funds have always been a place where we either take capital out or put capital in, and depending on the cycle of the marketplace. And back even in the global financial crisis, when AMB was much smaller and the balance sheet was weaker, we stepped in and put a couple hundred million dollars in our funds, when I thought -- when we thought that the time was right. So we continue to do the same thing. I don't think it's a big deal one way or another, but it's a great place to buy a high quality real estate that we know and we like. So that's the way we think about it.
Hamid Moghadam: Yeah. I definitely do see a convergence over time, and private markets are always slow to adjust on the way up and on the way down because it's all backward looking appraisals and people look for comps. And -- but we don't really view the market that way and we view that disconnect as an opportunity because look, we have a very clear view of what the capital markets tell us in terms of the new cost of capital, and we're interested in deploying capital at above that new higher number. And private values are not yet there that's why we see some continued erosion on private values in the next quarter particularly in the United States. On the other hand, I think the public values are over-discounted and we see those actually picking up as there is more evidence in the private market that the world is not falling off the cliff. So I think you'll get a conversion from both sides and this is not at all unusual compared to past cycles. I would say every cycle gets a little better, but there is still a pretty significant disconnect. And of course, private values can be, whatever you want them to be if you're trying again to prove a point or trying to make a statement. So we are actually, our moat with appraisals -- appraisers that we work with is to continue to point them to the cost of capital as opposed to comps that don't exist. So we are on the other side of that argument. We're trying to get this market to get unlock and to transact and trying to get these appraisers to be realistic about their valuations. But I can tell you, based on conversations with them, they're getting a lot of pressure the other way from a lot of other people. So they find it somewhat unusual that we want to see a more aligned set of values that will unlock market and liquidity.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, I don't know for sure how to predict the direction of markets, but I can tell you, I don't lose any sleep over SoCal at all. I think that market is extremely tight and some of the shift in demand or softening of demand is to adjacent markets because the space just doesn't exist in Southern California. So if we had more space, I think we would have more absorption in Southern California as well. The Duke acquisition, as we've described many times, it's very aligned with our portfolio, so fundamentally doesn't change in any way our view on markets or desired allocation of our capital to those markets. It's very much aligned with the pre-merger Prologis portfolio. So the only thing I would tell you about Duke is that I -- generally speaking, based on the leases that we've done, since we acquired portfolio, we are kind of on the order of 4% to 5% higher than we thought we would be in terms of the performance of that portfolio.
Hamid Moghadam: I would say housing is probably the only, the only aspect that's a little below normal. But again, if you look at the overall numbers, these -- if you sort of forget about 2021 and early '22, and you saw these numbers that we're seeing now, you would feel really good about them. It's just that in the context of those exceptional years are a little bit softer, but they're still considered to be really good markets, Chris.
Hamid Moghadam: I mean, I've never seen such a fast slowdown such a sudden slowdown in construction volume in our business. It's just been -- and I'm not sure it's only -- it was related to Silicon Valley Bank. It was already happening before that, and SVB just made it worse.
Hamid Moghadam: The utilization rate peaked all time at 87%. And today, it's at 85%. And there is a couple of points of margin error on those numbers anyway. But -- so I would say utilization is really high. If it were -- if utilization were in the high 70s, I would tell you there's a lot of shadow space and people are going to wait to grow into that space or put it on the market for sub leasing, but we're not seeing that. So I don't think there's a lot of excess slack in the system. And even if you look at the well over publicized Amazon stories that a lot of people waste a lot of time on. I mean, they basically haven't given anything space back, maybe 7 million or 8 million square feet. Yet it's taken half the airtime on all these costs for the last year. It just has not been material. I mean, we're looking for something that just doesn't exist. Will it exist? I don't know. I'm not clairvoyant. But so far, it doesn't appear that customers are giving back material amounts of space or anything like that. It's totally within the normal band of how our business works across the cycle.
Hamid Moghadam: So the reason for non-renewal are either good reasons or bad reasons. The bad reason is that the company goes broke or the company -- so the neutral reasons are the company decides to go somewhere else out of one market into another market. The bad reasons are, sorry, the good reasons are that we just don't have a space that fits the growing need of that customer to be accommodated or the shrinking need of that customer to be accommodated. So they have to go somewhere else. We do track the reason for non-renewal of every single lease that doesn't renew. And one of the things that we track very closely is that we lose the space to a competitor because of pricing. And that statistic is like in the 2%, 3%, 4% range, and I think it's too low because it means that we're not pushing rents hard enough. So it's -- we're not losing tenants because of rent. We're losing tenants because we just can't accommodate them or they go broke or they move somewhere else. And those have been the reasons for the last 40 years I've been doing this.
Hamid Moghadam: The way to think about it is that demand is normalized from exceptionally high levels and the supply response has been in excess of that normalization of demand because of banking crisis and sort of macro constraints. So I think the supply response has been much more dramatic than the effects on demand. And that's why the market is going to tighten up again. Of course, absence, a calamity or something like that.
Hamid Moghadam: I think the vast majority of the starts are in the 6s. And I would say the cap rates are up 75 basis points. So margins have gone from 30%, 40% to 20%, 30% something like that. I mean, those are some rough numbers.
Hamid Moghadam: Let's talk about credit loss as a measure of customer stability. Bad debt ratio and all that. It's historically, in our business has been in the tens of basis points. Even when you had the lapse in demand in the immediate aftermath of COVID that number got to 60 basis points. So -- and Chris, what would you guess our number is going to get to in the cycle when it's all over in terms of bad debt.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. So I mean, we don't see it in the numbers and the number of bankruptcies, et cetera, et cetera, that we're monitoring and working on are really not unusual in fact, I would say, that's somewhat unusual. I was expecting more of them than we're seeing in this point in the cycle. And honestly, we would like to see more of them because, frankly, there's so much mark-to-market in those leases that those kinds of tenant departures are actually an upside. So if anybody sort of has problems with their business or is looking to downsize. We look at that as an opportunity to do a buyout and actually be able to extract higher rents in the marketplace. So really not a concern. And that number -- those numbers that I talked about are out there. You can go look at them and plot the curve. They've been coming down substantially as opposed to from very low levels, but they're still coming down.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. One final statistic that you guys don't have visibility to, but I'm reading off my sheet of stats here. Historical average of credit watch tenants for us, long-term historical average has been 4.9%. We just watch them. By the way, the average actual default has been 0.15. So we worry about a lot more things than we should. That credit watch number today is at 3.35. So it's down substantially. And so is the actual bad debt ratio. So we worry about a lot of things, but most of them don't actually happen and the numbers are actually quite healthy, not just -- not even adjusting for the cycle and the fact that it's a softening cycle, but just even in the best of markets, these statistics would show up as very good.
Hamid Moghadam: Yes. Most of our land is entitled and entitlement is a pretty broad definition. I mean, fully entitled means that you pulled the building permit on this specific building that you can start but you might have entitlements and you haven't pulled the specific building permit because you don't exactly know how big a building you're going to build or in what configuration. But 80% of our land is entitled in terms of discretionary entitlements and about 20% to 30% of our land is really good to go with building permits pulled. So that is not a limiter on our ability to start development. So we can start whatever development we want to as we monitor the marketplace. The reason for development yields going on -- going up is that rent growth has been higher than we forecast. And the costs are essentially the same because we've locked in some of those construction values on the buildings that are starting today. The comment about construction cost has nothing to do with what you're seeing on the starts today. It will affect yield on starts down the road. Our view has changed. That's one area where our view has changed materially. We thought there would be some softening of construction costs to the tune of 5% to 10% and because of IRA and all this new fiscal stimulus going into the construction industry, I mean, it uses the same labor, same materials and everything. Contractors still have pretty good pricing power. So that -- what we thought was going to be a 5% to 10% decline, it's going to be inflationary increase. So the swing is actually pretty material. Having said all of that, the rental growth more than makes up for it. So I think our yields are trending up.
Hamid Moghadam: They're asking us a lot of money. No, it's not really. I mean where that balance sheet is bulletproof. I mean, frankly, we have better balance sheet than most of our banks. So no and we're not really a bank borrower per se, we tap into the capital markets all the time.
Hamid Moghadam: Well, we're going to invest in PELF sooner than USLF because we think the value adjustments in Europe have been quicker than they have been in the U.S. But I suspect we're only a quarter or so away from even the U.S. adjusting to a normalized value at least we hope. So look, it's a $140 billion balance sheet. So even if we just wanted to allocate 1% of it, and I'm not saying we're going to allocate 1%. I'm just kind of size the issue for you, that could be $1.5 billion. We're probably not going to invest $1.5 billion, but it's got to be like a small portion of our overall balance sheet. But we love that stuff because we know it. We like it. It's exactly the kind of property we want to have. And redemptions give us a really good opportunity to do that without affecting the strategy of the fund.
Hamid Moghadam: With Jamie's question, that's the last one in the queue. I wanted to thank all of you for participating in our call. We're excited over here because it's our 40th anniversary that we'll be celebrating in June. And there are going to be lots of opportunities between the investor meeting later on in the year and also GROUNDBREAKERS where we will be speaking to you. So I look forward to seeing all of you and take care.
Chris Caton: Sure. I think that's really well described. Blaine, I'd say there isn't great data on this, but that which we see is that it is a building trend in Northern Mexico. So it takes time for those supply chains to relocate instead of the ecosystems they need to really function properly and resiliently. And that is happening and will continue to happen, so I would expect it to grow in the coming years as well.
Chris Caton: Yeah, indeed, there is a wide dispersion. And we've been a customer over the years talking about outperformance on the coast and lower growth and lower barrier markets. Historically, that outperformance has averaged 250 basis points to 500 basis points on -- in any given year. This year, that 10% sees more at the lower end of that range, more like 200 basis point, 250 basis point outperformance on the coast versus the lower barrier markets. And so that is where we saw the resilience, and I would also point to other global markets outside the United States. We talked about Mexico on an earlier call. It's probably one of the hotter parts of the world from a logistics real estate perspective. We're also seeing resiliency in Toronto and Northern Europe, Germany and the Netherlands.
Chris Caton: Hey, Vince, I think I heard in the middle of your question, what is the trend in development starts in the wake of SVB. So it's worth knowing the numbers, which is in the first quarter in the United States development starts were off 40% from their peak across our markets and 45% in Europe. And based on the comment I made earlier around construction debt availability, these numbers are going to -- you're going to continue to see starts to curtail in the marketplace.
Chris Caton: So two ways to approach that. First, I'll give you the -- this is Chris, by the way, Camille. First is the sublease data, and the second is our true months of supply data. So sublease nationally in the United States is on an availability rate basis, 60 basis points in the first quarter. The 10-year average, 60 basis points. The recent low indeed was 40 basis points, so it's moved up 20 basis points. Now the pre-COVID average or the pre-COVID low was 50 basis points and the peak in the global financial crisis was 1.1%. If you just summarize all that, first off, I'd offer that it's not a lot of availability. And the second is we're at the low end or at a normal level in sublease. And then I'd also point you to our views on true months of supply that Tim described in our earnings transcript, which said that at 30 months today, we have a very good market environment, consistent with 10% market rent growth. And as supply decelerates and slows, we think that will go back down into the 20s, improving the market landscape.
Chris Caton: Thanks for the question, Ronald. So thank you for the opportunity to clarify our market statistics. I want to be very clear. So let's talk about net absorption in the 30 markets where Prologis operates in the United States. Last year, net absorption was 375 million square feet. We call that at 275 this year, and we expect a similar or perhaps higher numbers of macro environment clarifies and some of the decisions that get delayed this year land into '24. So that will be on the demand side completions. We have a bit of a clearer view as we look out to '24. So but starting with 2022, 375 million square feet of supply as well, that's deliveries. We expect 445 million square feet of deliveries this year as a supply pipeline empties and that will fall sharply, perhaps by half or more into 2024. And so when you put these numbers together, you'll see the vacancy rising from low 3s last year to 4 or a bit higher later this year and then back into the mid-3s.
Chris Caton: And I would just pile on your third question there on the '24 component of our lease mark-to-market. This year, the same metric is in the low 80s. I think I intimated that last quarter on the call, just as a measure of what we expected our rent change would be this year. Those are -- I'm really talking about the same thing in that context. So roughly in the low 80s for '23.
Chris Caton: Hey, Jamie, it's Chris Caton. There's been a lot of economic news over the last few weeks, and I think there are probably three takeaways. The first is consumers are stable, notwithstanding all the noise in that. And it seems to be treading towards perhaps GDP growth of 2%, if not a bit higher. Second, I think quite clearly, e-commerce is reaccelerating with online shopping, now back on trend taking 100 basis points of share from in-store. And the third is, indeed, inventories are rising but they have not yet risen to pre-COVID level, little on a higher level for resilience.
Tim Arndt: I guess I will address all three of those. So I'll start, Craig, and I'm glad you asked if there was confusion on the point. You're right that we said we will -- we believe we will see a 70% lease mark-to-market of the entire portfolio at the end of this year, after we roll leases over the course of the year and we have some continued rent growth build. What I was trying to highlight there was that, if you just take out the component of that, that is rolling in 2024, to see have a sense of how this rent change is going to endure, that slice of the 70% on its own is 85% without any more market rent growth in the next nine months. So that just gives you very clear visibility on how the rent change is going to stay high, how it's going to translate to the same-store growth. So that was the intention there.
Tim Arndt: I don't know. I can't really predict the portfolio decisions of well over a couple of hundred different investors making those decisions differently. I would say to the extent that there is -- there are redemptions. They are generally not because of the performance of the real estate assets that are invested with us. They are either have to do with denominator issues on their other asset classes, private equity, stock bonds, et cetera, because everything has gotten hit with increased interest rates. Bonds have not been a safe place to be either. So it's because of them getting over allocated to real estate because of the decline in the value of the other asset classes more than real estate. And among real estate, if you want liquidity, where are you going to go? You're going to go to industrial. You're going to go to apartments, et cetera, et cetera. You're not going to go to office buildings because you're not going to be able to get any liquidity out of those. So that's what's driving all this. It doesn't -- I wouldn't look there for learning anything about what's going on with the industrial market because that's a reaction to a lot of different things that have nothing to do with industrial demand with supply.
Tim Arndt: Yes, you were talking about customer demand. We're seeing broad-based customer demand really even looking at our e-commerce, we had 40 unique e-commerce users last quarter alone with Amazon actually being a small size of that very, very small. So overall, broad-based demand, no particular pockets of softness.
Tim Arndt: Hey, Michael, it's Tim. Now, look, I think you heard our comments correctly and I like that you pointed out, they're relatively unchanged. The same-store move is largely a function of an occupancy move. We just retained a decent amount of occupancy in the first quarter. We think that's going to extend throughout the year, so that's two-thirds of our increase in our same-store guide. The remainder of it is frankly some outperformance in the first quarter, that's more one time in nature, deals with seasonal expenses. We had very little bad debt in the quarter, out of interest, but we don't forecast that to continue. So that's some of the one-time items, but that combination is what is impacting same-store from here.
Tim Arndt: One important point to keep in mind is what is a normal vacancy rate because we have been years away from a normal vacancy rate. The historical range for our business is 5% to 10% with pricing power occurring in the 6% to 7% market vacancy rate. So we're talking about 3.5% to 4% market vacancies, half of what is typically seen as a way to see pricing power.
Tim Arndt: I might add on to that one final thought, which is I think the 20 that I'm throwing out is a reflection of some mix shift on credit, I think, in the last five years with the markets this tight, we've not only been able to push rents, keep the portfolio occupied, but we've been greatly enhancing the credit profile of our rent roll, and we think we've got a really strong customer base.
