Hamid R. Moghadam: Sure. In terms of our funds, I think you saw 2 really good examples in the past quarter. One was an acquisition that's been actually reported. We haven't announced that, but it's been widely reported, which is a portion of our NA3 portfolio that we had, and we're buying a portion of those assets. And secondly, we were able to buy up in our Allianz Fund II portfolio from 28% to 100% of the fund. And actually, the contribution of Japan Fund I to the J-REIT and -- which was funded by the secondary offering, is actually a way of actually acquiring assets without going through the balance sheet directly into that vehicle. So this is really good for our investors, too, because they get certainty of execution. They know that we're there to be for them, and it also provides us a cost-efficient way of accessing new assets. In Europe specifically, we think the appraisal community is lagging the reality of the marketplace. And we've been pretty vocal about this. So this is not a big secret. And yields and some funds are in the mid-7% range, which we think are very attractive returns, particularly once you think about what's going to happen to the cost of financing in Europe, exactly the same thing that happens to the cost and availability of financing here in the U.S. So that's one way of increasing our exposure. And now we have a lot more capacity given the J-REIT that we did. We can take advantage of that. We're not constrained by our allocation to Europe. And then we're seeing some opportunities, specifically in Southern Europe, where you can buy assets at significant discounts through replacement costs, even ignoring the price of land. You can buy assets, in some instances, in the 9s with very significant spreads over cost of treasury. So I think at a prudent level, we'll be net investors over there, and we'll use our existing vehicle to take advantage of those emerging opportunities.
Hamid R. Moghadam: David, let me take that. I think that yield, in any given quarter, is more driven by mix than any big trend. So if you have a couple of big Japan deals or something in there, that could really move around the numbers in a big way. So I wouldn't read too much in the yields on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In terms of what our view of cap rates are around the globe, I think cap rates are going to decline in Europe or are declining in Europe. I think they are stable at the very low levels in the U.S. for really good assets and even good assets in secondary markets. I would say, sort of C assets in softer markets could see, haven't yet, could see a 25 or 50-basis-point increase in cap rates because those are usually acquired by highly leveraged buyers where they're more affected by interest rates. We, by and large, don't have any kind of that product. And the very little that we do, we never price it to the top tick of the market anyway. So I think we can absorb that kind of 25, 50-basis-point cap rate increase without missing our pricing expectations. But generally, I think the vast majority of the properties that we traffic in, I think the cap rate trend is down. And not to go too far on the limb, but cap rates are very comparable to where they were in, call it, late '07, early '08. But treasury, even with their increase, are good 200 basis points lower. So the spreads are actually pretty good.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. The only other thing that I would add, John, is that specifically with respect to our Central Valley land, that's the price of land for a 300,000 square foot building in Tokyo. We bought that land really, really well. And really, to make -- the real investment in that land is the infrastructure that will be phased in over time as we take it down. So think of it as an option because really, the price was just the upfront ticket price to get into the game. And we feel really good about that position.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think the best evidence of that is the margins that we report to you on starts every quarter and what we realize. And at least for the last 2 years, the realized margins have been far in excess of the way we underwrite. So we've been trailing, if you will, the movement in cap rates, and there's always -- I wouldn't say always, I mean, I'm sure in '08, we were over our skis on a couple of underwritings. But at this point in the cycle, we've been pleasantly surprised by the cap rates on our development stabilizations. So I think there's room in our numbers going forward.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Dave [ph] is a pretty good friend, but I think we're lower leverage today, not at 30%, significantly. And I think it will be time before maybe we're recognized as having the same kind of balance sheet. But turning to the substance of your question, look, 35%, 36% that we're in today includes preferreds. So if you look at the normal capital structure that has 5% preferreds on it, we are already at a 30% leverage. Kind of the mix is a little different. But we're basically that way. So we feel good about our leverage. We work hard to get it here. We have a business model that has more development in it as you pointed out. So I think we need to be more prudent in terms of leverage on the balance sheet. Look -- and we want to leave some capacity for doing strategic stuff that come along from time to time. So you could see us fluctuate from 30 to high 30s, back down to 30s. But we want to manage it around that level. And I want to point out, the $2.5 billion development is not a goal. We do not have goals for development. Having goals for development gets you into trouble. That's our estimated volume of business that will be there to do profitably. If it's less than that, it's less than that. If it's more than that, so be it. But I think across the cycle, that's a reasonable number. But I want to emphasize, it's not a goal.
Hamid R. Moghadam: I think that is an invitation for you to come to our investor forum in September because we're going to devote a substantial amount of time taking you through our views on rent growth. And in addition to what we provided last year, we're going to talk about the profile of that rent growth as we see it as markets near stabilization. But we're pretty optimistic about the overall magnitude of the rent growth. Probably very consistent with our views last year. We just think the profile of getting there is a little quicker. I mean, we never, in our wildest dream, dreams imagined the 118 million square feet of absorption over construction deliveries. I mean, those are big numbers, and we think that's going to continue this year. So I think we're going to get there faster. And interestingly, some of our lagging markets, like in the Ohios, have been actually -- have pretty solid rent growth, albeit from very low and depressed levels. But it's rent growth, and that's happening a lot actually than we thought. Some of the other markets, like L.A., that were earlier in the cycle and have essentially reached their precrisis levels are probably going to taper off here in terms of rent growth. But some of the lagging markets, I think, quite a bit of rent growth. And the rent growth that we've experienced today, I mean, this is obvious to you, but has not rolled through our rent growth by any stretch of the imagination. It's just the spot rents that have rolled. We've got -- even if rents stop right here, we say, we're going to have 3 or 4 years of rent growth by the time the stuff rolls through. So we're feeling pretty good about it. But it's about time.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes, a little bit different. I mean, in Asia, we've been sitting around 96%, 97% occupied and obviously been pushing rents there even at a faster rate than we had anticipated last September. When we talked about China, we talked about sort of 5% to 6% compound annual rent growth that we were underwriting when historically they were about 8%. This first half of the year, we're at about 13% in China. Japan's up 6%, and we thought we'd be up, too. So again, a very, very positive trend. With respect to Europe, obviously, we're lagging, but we're holding occupancies at 93-plus percent. We've gained 20 basis points this quarter. So things are heading in the right direction. And again, if you sort of look at the trend with respect to rents, I feel pretty strongly that come the back half of this year, you're going to see positive rent change in Europe coming through as well.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And the only other thing, Michael, I would add to Tom's answer is that what we acquire may not always live on the balance sheet forever. So you should assume that we use private capital throughout -- the private or strategic capital throughout our business, and we may, at some point, recapitalize some of the stuff that we would acquire. So keep that in mind. Bottom line is with the second -- the last 30% of Norges in Europe and our convertibles being paid off, we already have 4 or 5 points of deleveraging that's kind of on the books. I mean, it's just a matter of time before that happens. So think of our 36 as sort of 32 plus 4, and we'll get there.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. We're not even thinking about that issue anymore. We moved so far beyond that, that I think it's a matter of time before everybody figures it out.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Jim, first of all, the excitement around the Analyst Day is mostly because of the America's Cup. We're about to talk about that. Secondly -- I guess that's unabashed marketing. The rent ramp, it takes a while for these things to work through the leases. And remember, the leasing that we report doesn't even kick in for another couple of months. So really at this point, you're looking at the year. There's 3 months of leasing left to be done. And no matter what we do, it's very hard to effect the numbers with that middle period as these leases make their way through the systems. So we've got to be a little bit more patient about the spot rent increase coming through, and you're absolutely right. I think it's going to reflect itself into the mark-to-market of rents. And last quarter, in answer to that question, we said about 5%. Our answer this quarter would be 5% to 10%. So we are higher than where we were before for precisely the reason that you mentioned.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Oh, rent growth. So I think the industrial business across the cycle has been sort of inflation, really long cycle. And I think the last 5 or 6 years, as we all know, had been an exception to that. Long term has been about inflation. I think if you're focused on supply constrained markets and the global markets that we are, I think rent growth could be 100 to 150 basis points ahead of that. So call it inflation at 2, 2.5; rent growth at 3, 3.5. That would be across the cycle. I think in the next 3 or 4 years, we could be 5% or 6% because we're closing that gap through replacement costs, by picking up an extra, call it, 2% to 3% for an incremental 4 or 5 years until we get to that level. So to answer your question about 300 basis points on top of what's normal would be my expectation.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. Our growth asset allocations, you're familiar with, I think, gross meaning where our gross assets are regardless of how they're financed. And those are roughly a little under 50% in the U.S., 10% are in the other Americas and the remaining 40% roughly split between Europe and Asia, just to use some pretty rough numbers. Europe is over that today. Asia is below that today. So that's the growth asset allocation. But in terms of our net asset allocation, meaning where our equity is, we certainly have a higher percentage of funds over time in Asia than we do in Europe or the U.S. because we started out the business with that model and now we have this public entity in Japan where the expensive assets live. So a lot of that stuff is going to be living in the public entity that we own 15% of. So in terms of our net equity exposure, we'll be way lower than that to Asia and to Europe, frankly, and much more than that to the U.S. And that's been a deliberate strategy. The strategy is to take advantage of global opportunities to serve customers, but we are a U.S. dividend player -- payer. So we need to manage our exposure to foreign currencies down significantly through the use of private capital vehicles and by, in effect, setting up our debt so that we have a natural hedge on those assets. That is very deliberate. But one of its implications is that our NOI or certainly our FFO will be less dependent on some of those overseas locations.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And currencies, by the way, don't move together. The yen and the euro kind of have been moving opposite to each other. So it depends on -- I mean, I think Tom is answering 5% bad on both. That kind of doesn't happen that way. So his answer is for maybe 10% bad on one and 5% good on the other one.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And with respect to sales, I would be very surprised if our average volume of sales in the next couple of years would be outside of $500 million to $1 billion. $500 million to $1 billion a year. So it won't be lower than that and it won't be higher than that would be my best answer to you right now.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. 80% would be by year end. And my target is 100%. Tom's target is 90%. We're negotiating on that one.
Hamid R. Moghadam: And that will take us probably another year or 2, but we'll get to 80% by year end, no question about it. The ERP, once fully implemented, then we are like 90-plus percent implemented, will allow us to do 2 things. One, it will allow us to do some tactical stuff much more efficiently in terms of accounting for our assets, knowing our historic operating metrics, being able to ask all your questions much more efficiently in many different ways. So it will give us a much more efficient way of looking backwards. This is a simple way of thinking about it. I think its most important benefit, however, is that it will allow us to capture information on real time tenant activity, traffic activity through a CRM system that we're doing and also forecasting, 10-year forecasting, on a dynamic basis so we know the value of our assets all the time on a real life basis as opposed to this sort of cap rate approach. Once we get there, I think we'll be, hopefully, a lot smarter about what's happening down the road as opposed to what happened in the past. So efficiency is goal #1, and better market insight is goal #2 on full implementation. With respect to the -- I want to go back and answer a question that I think John asked that my colleagues just reminded me that I didn't answer, the optimal size of the portfolio. I think the optimal size needs to be defined by a market. For us to go into a bunch of new markets and grow $10 billion by doing a couple of $100 million here and a couple of $100 million there, that would be insane. It doesn't move the needle on a company of our size, and frankly, we'll have reverse efficiencies. We want to deepen in our existing markets. And I don't think there is a top side to how much we can drive efficiencies. I think we now, particularly with the ERP system in place, can scale very, very efficiently as long as the assets are in the same markets where we already have a presence. It becomes really easy. New markets are a different story.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. We're not going to -- just to be clear, we're not going to do 20 million square feet in the U.S. We've never done 20 million square feet in the U.S. That will be $1 billion in the U.S., not going to happen.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Yes. And with respect to future levels of promotes, tough to speculate. It all depends on what that terminal value ends up being. But over time, I think you've heard me say before that we think promotes across the cycle should be on the order of 15 to 25 basis points of assets under management year in and year out. But there will be some years where there will be no promote and some years where there would be a promote. The good news is that we, by and large, don't put it into our guidance. And you guys don't give us credit for it anyway. So I guess it's not -- we don't worry about it a lot.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Well, one other thing is that leases now in the cycle are getting longer, so the commissions are getting bigger. That's why you want to look at it as a percentage of the lease consideration and not on a per square foot basis. We purposefully didn't want to sign long-term leases during the downturn. We do want to sign longer-term leases as the market approaches replacement cost trends. So that alone will drive that number up on a per foot basis but hopefully not as a percentage of the lease consideration.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Brendan, let me be even more precise. I think this would be a low mark in the near term, and there's a margin you'll see coming through. And at the answer -- when we answered the question about margins, we're talking about margins, if you were to buy a new land and build a new property. To the extent that our land bank being undervalued is adding to excess margin, that is why we're arguing or you've heard us say before that we think our land bank is undervalued. So I don't -- I think if we were to go buy a piece of land today and build it with the rent that we pro forma, the margins would be in the low to mid-teens. With our actual land bank at historical book and some of it impaired, I think the margins are going to be a lot higher than that. And I think this quarter is a bit of an aberration. But the long-term margins in this business are not 20%. They're a little bit lower than that.
Hamid R. Moghadam: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and we look forward to seeing many of you in September in sunny San Francisco.
Eugene F. Reilly: John, it's Gene. Let me give you some color on this. You are correct. In the Central Valley, we have a very, very big piece of land that might be a -- could be a 15-year build-out. But that is very rare. I mean, if you look at most of our land parcels, our overall build-out timeframe for them is going to be anywhere from immediate to 3 years. So -- and by the way, we love that piece of land, and I wouldn't be surprised if we absorb it in less than 10 years. But I think that's somewhat of an outlier. And I think Mike said we'll absorb 75% or so of the land bank. 15% of it is for sale. So there's sort of 10% of cushion there.
Eugene F. Reilly: Right. This is Gene. Let me take that. Your observation is spot on. And if you want to drill onto the numbers a little bit, you saw a sequential decline, actually, in occupancy in the Americas by about 10 bps. What's important to emphasize is we are actually slightly ahead of our plan in the Americas because obviously, it depends on what's the composition of what's rolling. We expect to ramp into the mid to high 94% range. And yes, right around 95%, that is the sweet spot. And actually, above 93%, you can really push your assets. So our assets in the Americas, it's absolutely on rent growth. Those markets are leading the recovery. In Europe and Asia, they are different stages.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, this is Gene. Let me start with that. First of all, I don't think we're going to get to 20% of the market. We also don't think that supply is going to be so anemic at 65 million feet, so that's going to grow. And we really don't think of market share as either a catalyst to build more or some type of ceiling. We just simply look at market opportunity. But in terms of our ability to deliver space, first, the first threshold is, is the market there? Right now, the market is there for sure. I mean, we've talked about the excess demand we see. And the second is the capacity of our infrastructure. And we can probably double our current volume, adding only arms and legs at the shield levels. So capacity of the organization is there. But the one thing I want to stress is that, and we've referenced it earlier on the call, we will build based on demand, not based on what our competitors are doing or some arbitrary share of the market we're trying to hit. And then finally, as I think about our competitors' ability to deliver space, well, it's been -- there's been a lot less supply than we expected. We do have competitors. They have been cautious so far. And ultimately, the landscape in the U.S. has changed quite a bit. The old local developer model really is -- doesn't exist anymore. It's really mostly institutional capital. We're watching it carefully, but I think we'll be -- we'll have a less volatile supply environment going forward because of that.
Eugene F. Reilly: Yes, sure. Michael, so let me -- it's going to be sort of a little bit of an essay answer. The punchline is that we think total CapEx as a percentage of NOI is going to decline in quarters ahead and be in the range of 13% to 14%. That's sort of the best estimate I can give you. But the way we look -- and we have tried to improve the disclosure in the supplemental, as Tom mentioned, and give it to you in the way we think about capital. So you got basic property improvements which are not affected by leasing volume and are constant. We think the best way to look at that is the trailing 4-quarter average, and that's pretty flat at about 600 square foot, and it's been flat for quite a long time. And then turnover costs, which represent the majority of capital, we track as a percentage of the total rental value of the leases in that period. That's very important because you've got to take into consideration rent levels and lease terms, in other words, what you're getting in return for the turnover costs. And this metric is fairly steady in the mid- to high 8% range. So the bottom line is we see capital as being fairly steady in terms of a trend line. If you look simply at CapEx as a percentage of NOI, you get a lot of noise because we think volume dramatically affects it over time. So our current curve, so to speak, has an upward trend to it. Over time, that's going to be, as I said, in the 13% or 14% range.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay, thanks, Michael. So you're right in regards to the bulk of our equity-raised proceeds will be deployed in starts, acquisitions, investments and funds. We did take up our guidance on contributions and distributions, and that's about $1.5 billion. So that's incremental proceeds that you're seeing that allow us to fund that incremental $1.7 billion. But your numbers are very close. From how things will lay out in the second half, starts are back end loaded, but you'll see those fairly evenly through Q3 and Q4. Acquisitions will be more weighted to Q3 than Q4. And on contributions, you're going to see those weighted a little towards Q4 versus Q3.
Thomas S. Olinger: And right now, we see leverage at year end at around 34%. So to Hamid's point with the Norges and the converts, that would put us right at the long-term target of look-through of 30%.
Thomas S. Olinger: No, it doesn't. So our next schedule promote is in 2014. So we are not modeling a promote in the second half. So there's not a promote in the second half to our guidance. But that does affect our run rate when you think about Q2 and the promote was in there. But when you look at Q2 without the promote of $0.39, we are going to be ramping up our core FFO without the promote. And you're seeing that through deployment of the remaining equity proceeds. You're seeing that through same-store NOI growth. You're seeing that through stabilization of developments. And some what have been impact of lower interest costs because in Q2, you did not see the full impact of our deleveraging efforts. So I think in the back half, you're going to see us grow off that core base, and we see it at 41-plus cents a quarter.
Thomas S. Olinger: Jim, I want to add one thing just to emphasize what Hamid said. So when we report our leasing activity, that's based on signs. And we're typically signing leases 1 to 2 quarters in advance of their effective date. So we're signing leases in Q2 that are going to kick in, in Q3 and Q4. So you're seeing a lag -- you're not seeing the full impact of the rent change that happened that's being reported on the leasing in Q2. You're going to see that in Q3 and Q4. So Q2 is more of a reflection of the leasing activity that we reported to you in Q4 and Q1. So there's a lag there that our same-store NOIs should really start to pick up, as Hamid said with rent growth but as this lag between signings and effective date kicks in.
Thomas S. Olinger: Well, when you look at from an FX exposure on earnings, in the second half, a 5% move of currencies would be $0.015.
Thomas S. Olinger: And as I said in my remarks, we've got the euro at 1.3 and we have the yen at 100 in our model for the second half. So the impact of FX, as we've moved assets around and as our net U.S. equity exposure has grown to 75% this quarter, the impact of FX movements is diminishing in our portfolio. And we would like to take that, our long-term equity exposure, even up above 80%. We're going to do our best to mitigate that. The hedging strategies, the hedges we've put in place this quarter were part of that strategy. And we're going to continue to look for ways to further minimize that FX exposure.
Thomas S. Olinger: I'll answer the second question first. I won't get into the size of the promotes. We'll wait and see how the performance continues out. But the bottom line is we were coming into a cycle where we believe we're going to see promotes on an annual basis from a variety of our funds. And we're obviously seeing significant asset appreciation around the world, and we see a lot of rent growth. So I think that bodes well for future promote levels.
Thomas S. Olinger: Okay. So right now, as you said, Jon, we're going to use it on an as-needed basis. Right now, given our sources and uses that we see in our model [indiscernible] to raise equity, we're always going to watch our long-term capital goals. But foremost, we're going to have to be at the stock price where we're trading at a premium to NAV, number one, where we're valued. And then number two, we'll look at our various funding sources across all of our different -- our capital stack and make a determination. But right now, there wouldn't be an equity raised embedded in our guidance in the second half.
Thomas S. Olinger: And Michael, on your debt-to-EBITDA question, we see debt to EBITDA about 6.75 at the end of the year. And debt to EBITDA adjusted for development would be about 5.75 at the end of the year.
Thomas S. Olinger: Jamie, this is Tom. So there is noise that goes through camp. There's some seasonality to it, some true-ups that we've had. There's always the famous no removal or lockups. No, that's right. There's variances in the first half of the year. But I do think the variances are going to settle down as we go forward. So I would expect to see same-store operating expenses to normalize, quite frankly, at inflation.
