Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 9. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. This was a good quarter for TI. Revenue came in just above the midpoint of our guidance range, growing 6% sequentially and growing 10% if you exclude legacy wireless revenue, which declined to less than 2% of TI revenue in the quarter. Analog and Embedded Processing increased to 80% of TI revenue. The improved quality of our revenue is reflected in record gross margin in the quarter. Kevin will discuss this more in a few minutes. Revenue growth in the quarter was supported by some of the vertical markets that were especially weak in the second quarter, including computing, game consoles and handset revenue outside of our legacy wireless revenue. Revenue from the communications infrastructure market continued to grow in the quarter. These areas were complemented by a continued strength in our automotive and industrial revenue. From a year ago, revenue declined 4% due to the decrease in legacy wireless revenue. Excluding this revenue, we grew 3% from the year-ago quarter. On this basis, this was the first quarter of year-on-year growth since the third quarter of 2012. Again, excluding legacy wireless, we expect growth to accelerate to 8% in the fourth quarter at the middle of our guidance range. The strength of our business model not only provides strong profitability, it also gives us confidence that we can sustainably generate $0.20 to $0.25 of free cash flow for every dollar of revenue. This metric is especially important to our shareholders as our capital management strategy is to return all of our free cash flow to them, except what is needed to repay debt. When measured over the trailing 12 months, free cash flow was 24% of revenue. Over that same period, we returned 133% of free cash flow to shareholders. In the third quarter alone, we returned $1 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Earnings in the third quarter were above our expected range, a result of better-than-expected revenue and gross profit, tight operating expense control and some help from discrete tax items. Let me walk through a few details of revenue. Analog revenue grew 11% sequentially. All 4 Analog product lines contributed to this growth, although Power Management was up the most, followed by High Volume Analog & Logic. These areas benefited from sequential growth across many markets, including those vertical markets that were impacted by inventory reductions in the second quarter. Embedded Processing revenue grew 8% sequentially, with processors up the most, followed by growth in microcontrollers and connectivity. Processors were driven by applications processor sales into consumer and automotive applications and DSP sales into industrial applications. Microcontrollers were lifted mostly by sales of MSP430 products into industrial applications, as well as sales of microcontrollers into automotive safety applications. In our Other segment, sequential growth in both product areas was offset by decline in legacy wireless. Legacy wireless revenue fell by $91 million to $57 million as we had expected. This decline was partially offset by growth in calculators and in custom ASIC revenue, which grew as a result of communications infrastructure. Royalties also grew, and DLP product revenue was about even. Turning to distribution. Resales grew 9% sequentially. Distributors' inventory levels declined by about a day to just over 5 weeks. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I think in the case of Power, Power had a strong quarter. But also, you used the term earlier, easy compare. It was one that's probably more impacted by weakness, so the inventory reductions and some of those vertical areas in the second quarter. So in the third quarter, its growth was very broad-based, but it also benefited from recovery in some of those vertical markets and then I would say the same for HVAL. So if you look at third quarter, probably because those vertical markets layered on growth to what was already a reasonable base of industrial and automotive, Power and HVAL both grew faster than the catalog spaces of HPA and SVA. Yet I think if you go back to first half of the year and especially second quarter, you probably saw more relative strength in SVA and HPA. So I guess to put it all together, they're all pulling well in terms of growth in 2013 thus far. We'll see where it takes, again, where we go through fourth quarter. But some quarters, you've had more strength out of SVA or HPA and other quarters, as in third quarter, more coming out of Power and HVAL. Okay, Blayne, thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think probably the way to think about it, Stephen, is probably the biggest driver of growth for microcontrollers will be industrial. These are catalog devices that go into lots and lots and lots of different applications. That being said, we're not -- if there's growth in other end markets or growth opportunities in other end markets, we'll certainly pursue them. But our expectation is that industrial will likely be the largest driver going forward. And that's for the microcontrollers. For the processor side of the business, I would say we would expect comms infrastructure certainly is part of that revenue and an important end market for us. But similarly, we sell DSP products into lots of different applications. And the broader applications are going to be just as important, maybe even more important, than communications infrastructure going forward. And that's not -- that's not anything negative about communications infrastructure, it's just we have great market share, very high market share already in communications infrastructure, where there's still a lot of opportunity in some of these other areas for us to experience not only the rapid growth of that end market, but also rapid market share gains as well. Okay, Stephen, thank you for your question. And one of the things I should further delineate is when I'm talking about industrial likely being the fastest grower for microcontrollers, let me also more broadly include automotive in that as well, because that is a great opportunity that we're very well positioned with those products there. Okay, Stephen. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, Tristan, I don't know that we have a real breakout in terms of the outlook between consigned versus non-consigned. We're really looking at it just in terms of what we shipped in -- or what we're shipping into that channel. So I don't specifically know the answer to that. I will point, if you just back to third quarter anyway as a reference point, I think we said TI's total revenue, excluding the legacy wireless, grew 10%; and our resales or sales out of the distribution channel, grew 9%. So you saw a very close alignment in the third quarter. I just don't have any specific data to share with respect to fourth quarter. The other thing I'll say, even with third quarter, we had a decline of a day of distribution inventory level. All right. Tristan, thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: No, but I will give you a consolation and talk about what they did in the third quarter. So in the third quarter, this is not a fourth quarter comment, industrial, as we pointed out, grew and continue to be strong. Automotive grew for us, being driven mainly by infotainment and advanced driver-assist systems, such as blind spot detection, parking assist, a lot of those cool things you see on car commercials these days. And I aspire one day to have a car that actually does that. Computing, notebooks were weak and tablets grew. I heard some competitors talking about weakness in tablets. Don't know where that came from. They were strong for us. Comms infrastructure, the big word was China in third quarter. Operators, in fact, started deployment, released contracts. 2/3 of those contracts went to China OEMs, 1/3 to European. I'll note we sell to both. And maybe different products to different players, but we expect to continue to enjoy participation in that China business. Small cell trials are continuing. What I would say is first deployments, we expect to happen probably, call it mid to second half of next year. Handsets, probably the good news there is now, sub-2% of our revenue is legacy wireless, keeps going down. Consumer, good recovery in revenue there after some of the inventory reductions in second quarter. It's probably a game console comment mostly. Digital television continues weak. So again, sorry, I didn't answer the question, but hopefully, there was some value there. Tore, thank you for your question.
Ron Slaymaker: Patrick, I think I understood you say, basically, you got all your questions in there. And to get to more callers, we'll move on to the next caller, please.
Ron Slaymaker: What the -- the math I've done is, I think if you look at first quarter and you take legacy wireless out and you look at the last 3 years, it's flattish. But what I will encourage you to do, I think we have all of that data out on our website, and that would be a great project for you to work on tonight and publish in your note tomorrow. There'd probably be a lot of value added in that. So again, I'll just -- I'll refer you to that data and let you do the math. Ambrish, thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that -- probably the one thing I would say, Jim, that in that sensing space and, obviously, there are lots of different types of sensors and they're different. But I think at some time in the last month anyway, a few weeks, we did an announcement really of a breakthrough product category in inductive sensing, which is, basically, an entirely new class of data converters, and that truly is innovative. That truly is breakthrough. That being said, when you look at the size of TI in our portfolio of 100,000 products, it can be a breakaway success and it's not going to have a big impact on TI in terms of moving the needle. But I think it's a great example of the kind of innovation that's been taking place at TI over the last decade and why you see just consistent share gains from our company. A lot of people talk about innovation and a lot of times, that spun up in technical terms. We really simplify it and measure it by our -- we producing and innovating and developing products that customers want. And we really let our market share tell the story. That provides the feedback of what is providing innovation that is valued by our customers. So that's one example, a little broader than your sensing question but absolutely a great space and we're right in the middle of it. Thanks, Jim.
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Thank you, Kevin. Okay, and I think, operator, we're going to try to squeeze in one final caller and then we'll wrap it up.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, just maybe even shorter term, fourth to first, OpEx typically goes up because of the pay and benefit increase that Kevin described that kicks in, in February but also, just fewer holiday and vacation days taken in first quarter compared with fourth. We see the benefit from those holidays and vacation days. But sequentially, then it tends to work against us in the first quarter. Okay, Ross. Thanks for your questions. And in general, we're going to stop here. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin P. March: Yes, John. On the -- I'll answer the last part first. The incremental gross margin from our analysis in the past, over the course of the cycle averages about 75% up and down. In any one quarter, it really actually works out to that number tends to be pretty noisy in any one quarter but over time, about 75% and that's what we do for internal planning purposes. As it relates to the most recent quarter, you're right, the fall-through was about 106%. So it's certainly a pretty rich fall-through. And part of that was mix, but part of that also was improved factory utilization as we had higher revenues this quarter than the prior quarter. And so consequently, we had a slight utilization benefit as well.
Kevin P. March: Doug, I'm going to try to make sure I've got what you're asking for. OpEx overall for the company, our model is to run between 20% and 25% of revenue, depending upon where we're at in overall revenue demand. And most of that spending is actually inside the Analog and Embedded Processing segment. So it's relatively small levels of ongoing support spending inside the Other segment, a little bit of R&D inside the Other segment for DLP technologies. But other than that, pretty small. The larger numbers you'll see passing through the Other as we go forward will be the continued amortization of intangibles, which will run about $85 million a quarter as we go through 2014. And that will eventually decline into about $80 million a quarter. And keep in mind, that will stay there for 6 years until that finally winds down. In addition, that falls through where we tend to record any restructuring charges. So the restructuring charges that we just had this past quarter, over $16 million, and those also were recorded in the Other segment. As we look into the fourth quarter, I'd expect that you'll see acquisition charges continue at about the $85 million, $86 million level. And you'll see probably a final restructuring charges associated with the closure of our Hiji and Houston factories of about $20 million in the fourth quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Doug, as you may recall, we spent a couple years significantly increasing our investments in that segment, particularly as it relates to microcontroller portion of that particular segment. We've taken that spending up to a level now that doesn't need to increase anymore. And really, what that business unit has focused on is the top line growth. They get rather attractive gross margins off their -- off the parts when they ship them. It's really about diversifying the revenue base and getting more overall top line growth to fall through to the bottom line. That's really what you just saw quarter-over-quarter. It's that top line growth came through rather nicely to the bottom line.
Kevin P. March: Yes. So since -- OpEx, we did guide to down about 2%, but we're able to keep a pretty tight handle on spend in the quarter and so it came in a little bit lower than we had originally planned, which, frankly, just dropped by to the bottom line and produced extra earnings per share for our shareholders. As we look into the fourth quarter, we typically have some seasonality in the fourth quarter, what with the holidays for Thanksgiving and during the Christmas break. And so we'd expect to see OpEx probably decline somewhere in the 3% to 5% range as we move into the fourth quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tristan. Let me just, again, remind everybody of the R&D that you're seeing for TI. The R&D spend that we've had in the Analog segment has been at a pretty consistent level versus the revenues of that business for quite a few years now. And the fact of the matter is, the reality is, that, that R&D spend is being converted fairly efficiently into revenue growth to the point where that business continues to outgrow its competitors and gain market share each year. So I would offer to you that, that's actually a very efficient organization when it comes to our R&D spend. I can't explain why some of their competitors have to spend as much as they do. Similarly, in Embedded Processing, we've increased the spending over there, as I mentioned to the last question, over the last couple of years, largely to expand the opportunities that we can pursue in the microcontroller space. And so after bringing up that level of spending for a couple of years now, I'd say it's high enough at this point. And we now need to see it start converting into real revenue growth, which we're starting to see early signs of. When you look at total TI R&D, it is coming down product sharply. And that's purely a function of us winding down the legacy wireless products, including the announcement that we had that we're closing some of our operations and sites as it relates to that and that will take our total R&D spend down as we go forward. But on the core products of Embedded Processing and Analog, I have no hesitation of being comfortable with the level of R&D spend that we have in those areas today.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Stacy, we do round to the nearest hundred million on all of these guidance numbers we give you, be it R&D or CapEx or any of the others. So in fact, there will be some rounding [indiscernible] there. But keep in mind also, the OpEx guidance I gave includes SG&A as well. And we will see that decline in the fourth quarter, really, on the seasonal patterns I mentioned a moment ago with the holiday periods going on.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Stacy. What we talked about when we announced that we were closing the -- those 2 over-6-inch factories is that once each one of them was closed, we'd see about $50 million per factory of cost savings on an annualized basis. One of those factories did close at the end of the second quarter, and the other one should close here in the fourth quarter. So we're beginning to see -- excuse me, third quarter. So we're beginning to see in the third quarter already partial benefit from that, and we should begin to see the benefit from that second factory closure materialize in the fourth quarter. So going into next year, we'll begin to see that $100 million of annualized cost savings as a result of closing those 2 older factories.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Vivek. I'll go ahead and make some comments on that and let Ron add some additional color. But the -- if you take a look at our guidance, the midpoint of our guidance is down about 8%, third quarter going into forth. About half of that is just the seasonal decline that we normally get with the roll-off of the calculator business. So the other half is pretty much attributable to our underlying semiconductor business. If you take a look at -- we actually believe that, that's probably quite seasonal and, in fact, quite consistent. If you take a look, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, 2010, 2011, 2012, the semi industry as a whole, excluding memory, in fact has seen fourth quarter declines from third quarter in each of those past 3 years. And based upon the guidance that we're hearing from some of the other competitors, ourselves included, it looks like we're stepping up for our fourth quarter of -- a fourth year of 4Q declines. In fact, if you take a look at TI and extract out the wireless revenue, you'll see that our revenues have gone down in the fourth quarter of each of those same years, similar to the industry. And in fact, when you just do the simple math during those last 3 years for the industry, it's down about 4%. So in fact, I don't think that we're suggesting that there's some changed outlook or changed future. In fact, I would offer to you that fourth quarter appears to be shaping up quite normally to us. When we take a look at our third quarter orders, they were actually up about 1% sequentially. Our distribution inventories, as Ron mentioned, were down about a day. And they remain quite lean with our distributors as well as our other customers. Our cancellations remain very low, and we've had no unusual requests for backlog push-outs. So when we put all that together, that suggests to us that the fourth quarter is shaping up to be a normal demand environment, similar to what we've seen for the last -- certainly the last 3 years.
Kevin P. March: Okay, Vivek, the 24% effective tax rate is what you should use for the fourth quarter. With the various things occurring during the year, the entire year will be a little bit different than that. But for planning purposes, use 24% for the fourth quarter. I would remind you that, that tax rate includes the R&D tax credit, which is set to expire at the end of this year. And it's unclear whether or not that will be renewed by congress in a timely fashion as we get into 2014. For us, that provides about a 2% benefit to our taxes. So absent that R&D tax credit, we'd be closer to a 26% tax rate as opposed to the 24% that we're suggesting that you use for fourth quarter. As it relates to buybacks, I would just mention that, again, the reason it's been as strong as it has been, the buybacks and dividends at 133% of our free cash flow, is a function of not only improving free cash flow, which we certainly have seen, but also the benefit the company receives when employees exercise their non-qual stock options. And given the increase in the -- in stock prices this past year for our company, we've seen an increase in employee stock option exercises. Just to give you a few numbers and summarize that to kind of recharacterize what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our free cash flow for the last 12 months was $2.87 billion. Proceeds from employee stock options was $1.28 billion. So that means we had sources of cash over the last 12 months of $4.15 billion. We used or returned to shareholders, in the form of dividends and buybacks, $3.82 billion. Then we paid off debt earlier this year of $500 million. So we've used a total of $4.32 billion. So we've virtually used all that we have generated this past year. And we do that because one of the things we mentioned our capital management strategy is that we have a model for how much cash that we carry. And to the extent that we generate cash beyond that model level, we're quite comfortable with returning that to shareholders, as we have been doing. As to the ability of that to continue to run at those high levels, that's a really hard call. I would say that stock options do expire over time, and these are generally 10-year stock option grants that are granted to employees. So quite a few of these options are quite old, and they get used up. So I would expect that as we move into the future, we're apt to see less extra cash coming in from stock option exercises, but I think it's almost impossible to try to forecast the magnitude of that change.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Steve, I would say with the Silicon Valley Analog, first off on the point of revenues, we disclose revenues at the segment level. We don't disclose revenues below that, so we won't be offering the actual revenue figures for SVA. But if I were to talk about where are we at with respect to our expectation for SVA versus when we acquired National Semiconductor, I would say that the overall revenues are probably a little bit lower than we had initially expected at this point in time, given the overall market environment that we've been faced with this past few years. However, the rate of progress on share gain has been quite a bit faster as we've mentioned during the last call, that those product lines are actually gaining share about a year faster than we expected. In addition, we've had more cost synergies than we modeled into the acquisition. We've had lower interest expense on very low cost that we've been able to issue, and we've had substantially -- substantial benefits from taxes as a result of the acquisition. So when you put it all together, the profit that we're achieving on the National Semiconductor portfolio today is very close to what we have modeled at this point in time. And so I'd say we're reasonably satisfied with that bottom line effect.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Steve, I think that most of our growth for the foreseeable future is going to be organic. To the extent that we do continue looking at acquisitions, given the valuations that we presently see with many companies out there that might be an attractive addition to our portfolio, it's difficult for us to look at what we might have to pay for some of those acquisitions and actually get a reasonable return on the investment for our shareholders. So that suggests to me that to the extent that we are doing acquisitions, they're probably going to be smaller tuck-in ones that probably come with reasonably good product lines to fill in holes that we have or talented engineers to help with our R&D efforts. They're probably going to be biased towards Analog. One of the problems when you go into the microcontroller side, you start getting different architectures into your family of products and that can add complexity that may not be easily leverageable. That's not to say that we wouldn't look there, but that -- these are the odds that you'd see our microcontroller are tuck-in kind of acquisitions.
Kevin P. March: Yes. David, I think, inherently, with the revenue decline that we're expecting in the fourth quarter, we'll be reducing the loadings in our factories a little bit. So you'd expect underutilization charges will probably increase a bit and have a corresponding impact on gross margins declining a bit in the quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Well, I would -- first, just comment that I don't really our tax rate is all that low. 24% is an awful lot of money to send to the tax collectors. But that aside, tax inherently are pretty complex and there's a lot of things that can affect the tax rates. And especially a company's somewhat unique global footprint. Our footprint on a global basis, including the benefit that we got with the National acquisition, is allowing us to have a relatively effective current tax rate and further enabling us a pretty high repatriation of cash, which, as you know, [indiscernible] of our cash home and we just ended this past quarter with 82% of our cash onshore. But for planning purposes, as we look into the future, we assume that the U.S. tax rate stays about the same incrementally at 35%, and we just model that on a go-forward basis from a repat standpoint. Our objective, again, is to maintain 80% or more of our cash onshore, so that we have it available to use for our shareholders or dividends and stock buybacks.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tore, we do have a short-term debt of $1 billion, that comes due on May 15 of 2014. We had talked during our capital management strategy discussion back in February that debt, clearly, is going to be a portion or part of our capital structure for quite a long time, especially given that we've got debt that goes out as far as 10 years out. And that, in fact, we will continue including debt in our capital structure or rolling over portions of our debt if the economics made sense. And to us, the definition of the economics making sense is if we can issue new debt at rates that are either below our impression of what the inflation rate will be or below our dividend yield. So with that in mind, I can't forecast exactly what we'll wind up doing when May comes around. But clearly, we'll be prepared to pay off that $1 billion if we need to. But if the economics makes sense, we may very well decide to go ahead and just replace that with new debt.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Patrick. The underutilization charge in the third quarter was about $70 million. That's down from about $100 million in the prior quarter. And as I mentioned, with reductions in our factory loadings expected during the fourth quarter, I'd expect that charge to go up. But I won't give you a forecast with an exact number just yet. That will be a function of exactly what our [indiscernible] will turn out to be by the end of the quarter. As it relates to inventory, our model for inventory is to carry between 105 and 115 days of inventory. We just closed the current quarter to 106 days. So we've got room that we would probably want to take those days up a little bit more. And with the slowdown in demand in fourth quarter, that seems like a -- and a slight opportunity for us to first go ahead and bring those inventory days up a little bit, as we get ready to enter 2014.
Kevin P. March: Yes, well, I guess I would just remind people as they're putting their models together of a couple things. As we look at what's going to drive our gross margins going forward, keep in mind, as we fill these very cost-effective factories that we acquired over the last couple of years, and especially as we fill them with a higher mix of industrial and automotive end market-type products, we're going to see margins continue to be pretty healthy. Another important point to keep in mind is that depreciation today is running about 400 basis points ahead of capital expenditures. So by definition, that means depreciation will start to work itself down over the next couple of years. And that, by itself, will be a boost gross margins. So those are probably the 3 things I would really point to, and that is, again, as we grow and fill up those factories; as we improve our portfolio mix, especially industrial and automotive; and as depreciation declines over the next few years on these lower levels of CapEx, those together should provide nice tailwinds to our gross margins as we go forward.
Kevin P. March: It sounds inconsistent, but also suggests that you're missing just exactly how much free cash flow we'll generate next year.
Kevin P. March: Ross, I think the simplest thing I'd suggest to you is that, clearly, the people who are in R&D and SG&A, the OpEx buckets as we call it, are correctly anticipating that they'll see pay and benefit increases in 2014. So we would certainly see the effect of that. I would probably also remind you that in first quarter, our OpEx typically is seasonally up from fourth quarter. And that's a function of 2 things: one, it's the absence of the holiday periods that we see in the fourth quarter; and the second is the annual pay and benefit increases that begin to take effect in the first quarter and take full effect in the second quarter. So again, I would expect the spend rate as we go into next year begin to increase, coming off a low fourth quarter. Year-over-year, though, given the wind-down of the legacy wireless, probably still year-over-year attractive within our OpEx model in the 20% to 25% range -- probably 20% to 30% range of revenue, excuse me, being at the lower end of that range.
