Kevin P. March: John, we do expect utilization to decline further in the fourth quarter from the third, just like third declining from the second. We don't have a forecast as to whether or not it declines further in first quarter. That's going to be more of a reflection of our outlook as to what the first and especially second quarter revenues might look like as it takes further lead time to build the material. So again, we do expect utilization to drop a few more points in the fourth quarter from the third, but we don't have a forecast beyond that.
Kevin P. March: Glen, I don't want to imply any -- how would I say it? That we take any of these programs for granted. We have to win our business, and re-win our business everyday. But I would say the same time, for a lot of these customers, TI has been a long-term supplier of many products into their handsets. My own view, as I think Honeycomb was a bit of an anomaly especially on the tablet side because there was a race by many OEMs to have some type of demonstration product available at last year's Consumer Electronics show, and that drove at least what I would say was very visible as when from maybe another supplier. And as I would have described even back in last January, a lot of those same OEMs that were demonstrating platform space on another supplier at Consumer Electronics Show, we had active development programs underway at that same point in time with OMAP. So I think the difference is we are a supplier that they've had a history with. They're comfortable. They know we can support both their business terms, as well as the kind of volume production requirements that operationally these high-volume handsets require. So I think we're pretty confident in our position with these various players. But at that same time, we -- I think have proven over the years our ability to do a good job and re-winning that business every day that we're engaged with these customers.
Kevin P. March: So among the things that we talked about sequentially, you got, as you point out, lower revenue. That's probably about $0.02 worth of the delta there. We're also expecting lower utilization. That's about $0.01 of the delta. We're expecting -- I mentioned to -- during my prepared remarks that the reduction in OpEx that we saw in the third quarter was due to some catchup adjustments for accruals on variable compensation. Those will not recur in the fourth quarter, and so that will cause our TI OpEx, if you want to go up by about $0.01. We also had a benefit in the third quarter from a lower tax rate from a catchup adjustment that was similar in the fourth quarter will be on a -- we don't expect a recurrence of that. That's about $0.02. And then finally, we'll have a full quarter's worth of National Semi's OpEx in our numbers and that's about $0.07 in transition. So when you run the math, that's how you get to the $0.47.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Vivek, there's a number of different elements to go into it. But as we had indicated when we announced the acquisition of National, we would moderate the amount that we spent on buybacks versus what you've seen us in prior periods, largely in preparation for beginning to set aside cash reserves to begin to repay debt as it comes due. For example, National Semiconductor debt that we acquired includes $375 million that's going to be due on June 15 of next year. So we'll need to set some cash aside through payback. And further going into 2013, of course, we'll have some of our own debt that we issued for the acquisition coming due and we'll begin to build cash for that. But all that being said, we did announce last month that our Board of Directors approved an increase in our dividend by about 30%, from $0.13 per share to $0.17 per share. That's effective this quarter. So that is part of how we're returning cash to our investors. And we'll continue to return cash in the form of buybacks albeit at a more moderate rate over the foreseeable future, as we shift to accumulate some cash for some of the maturity of the debt when it comes due.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Jim, I think the biggest driver next quarter is going to be the market fair value of the inventory that we acquire from National Semiconductor. There's a -- basically, there's going to be almost $100 million worth of additional cost in cost to revenue that would normally not be there. And I think if you do the math on that, that probably falls through on an after-tax basis of somewhere around $0.055 to $0.06. So clearly, that's weighing us down until we get through that fair value kind of adjustment. As you already pointed out, we've also got lower utilization that will be weighing us down. Once the utilization and certainly once the fair value adjustment is behind us, we'll get a little bit of a lift just because that won't be recurring. In addition, as we begin to see the bottoming out that Ron mentioned and, ideally, the resumption of end demand on a more-than-growth vector, utilization starts being a benefit for us. But most importantly, on the longer term is with the acquisition of the National Semiconductor, Analog now amounts to almost half of our total revenue, from somewhere around the low 40% to 43%, 44% earlier in the year. So on a go-forward basis, 1/3 of that mix will help us. I'll remind folks on the phone that National's overall gross margins actually were higher than TI's prior to acquisition. So that alone will -- should help up the mix a little bit. But more importantly, the total mix of Analog revenue would become a bigger portion of TI's revenue as we go forward. And that alone will help us as we march on our long-term goal to 65% gross margins for the company.
Kevin P. March: What would you like? I think I want to take one A or one B, so maybe I'll just give you both. On the expensing, you are correct. That is a one quarter issue by our estimate. That should be essentially complete when we -- through the fourth quarter and should have that behind us as we enter the first quarter. As to increase in -- or just in the model for the company, we want to be able to consistently deliver up to 55% before we go off and start looking at a new model for the company. So we'll hold to the models that we've had for several years now, which is 55% gross and 30% operating is really what we're trying to design the company to operate at.
Kevin P. March: Well, Shawn, I think, as Ron mentioned earlier, just as we look at certain supply tests we see where inventories are at, our distribution inventories, as Ron mentioned, were down about a day, still holding there at about 6 weeks. Our consigned inventories and our consignment customers continue to be very lean by definition because they pull only as they consume. That represents about 2/3 of channel that we can see. The other 1/3, which is more classic direct sales to OEMs, we don't really have great visibility there but we also don't have a lot of concern there, given that, broadly speaking, we actually came out of third quarter a little bit higher than we expected versus the mid-quarter update. And that was from a variety of customers actually material a little bit more than we expected in the quarter. So that -- those signals all tell us that the inventory is probably at pretty good shape across the entire -- our customer base and where we supply at.
Kevin P. March: On the other income, Shawn, I think that the main thing that you saw in the second quarter -- third quarter, excuse me, was interest expense of about $15 million. That was an all-in quarter for the debt that TI now holds and will hold for a couple of years. Fourth quarter will be a little bit higher. It will be about $22 million, and that will be adding in the debt that we assumed with the acquisition of National Semiconductor. So that's probably the main change I'd point you to on the other income and expense. As to the Miho fab, we have, as you know, been ramping that factory for some time now, especially step up the ramp pace when the earthquake happened in Miho as Miho holds a lot of products. We continue to ramp product into that factory. The total capacity for what we've purchased equipment forward would generate about -- when it's all loaded, as we indicated, up to $2 billion worth of revenue out of that factory. We're considerably below that today as we continue to ramp.
Kevin P. March: C.J., I guess we'd say that the size of stabilization were more a question of if we're seeing a bottoming process beginning to fall and not so much stabilizing, as evidenced by the fact that we still expect our revenues to be down next quarter. So again, it's more important just to note that what we were seeing through our order patterns, through our lead times and through overall inventories, that we'll begin to see the bottom of this demand decline begin to shape or form a bottom, although it's not there yet because, again, we expect fourth quarter just to go on.
Kevin P. March: C.J., I'm not really sure how you're building your gross margin assumption in your model. I would point out that there is about $100 million in cost to revenue in the fourth quarter that will depress our gross margins on a GAAP basis quarter-over-quarter. In addition, we expect lower utilizations would be another more pressure on gross margin from that standpoint. If you're extracting that $100 million, then maybe that's where you're getting your gross margins to be roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. So I'm not really sure what your assumption is there, but I would want to point out those 2 items I just mentioned.
Kevin P. March: Chris, on the $100 million cost savings, that -- we still hold to that forecast. And just to remind the other listeners on the phone, what we were talking about there is that by the end of the first year after acquisitions, so that will probably be in the fourth quarter of next year, we'd expect to have enough of the redundant cost removed, that we would see about $100 million of annualized cost savings or about $25 million a quarter starting about a year from now. And we still expect that to be a reasonable forecast for planning purposes. As to any surprises on the upside or downside, I'd say it's probably just a little too early for us to really find any of those yet. We've been pretty focused here on -- Gregg and the management team getting out and visiting with customers on the world tour, and focused on updating our online systems and our marketing material to be able to make this a seamless appearance to our customers and that there's one place to go that has all 42,000-plus analog parts in it. And we've also been focusing on the beginning steps of the overall integration of our systems and methodology. So not enough time yet to really have pluses or minus beyond that we can talk about.
Kevin P. March: Well, I think probably the encouraging thing that we found early on is certainly from Gregg's tour with his managers. The reception that we've gotten from those in our distribution channel, and importantly from our customers, has been extremely encouraging. The sound bite that I keep gravitating to or hearing, if you will, is that customers really, really like National's parts. And we're glad that they can now comfortably and safely design them back in to their future products. We actually find that very encouraging. Beyond that, we clearly have some challenges in front of us also, which is making sure that we are able to integrate the companies from an overall process standpoint to be sure that our systems integrate properly and we don't wind up the blind spots and holes and so on, which are always challenges when you make an integration of this size.
Kevin P. March: Yes. And Romit, it will add some to EPS on a pro-forma basis. But we need to be careful on a GAAP basis because -- in fact, we will have an increased acquisition-related charge that I mentioned, $160 million of acquisition cost plus $100 million of the fair value markup of their inventory that will go to cost to goods sold.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Romit, the CapEx, we haven't given a 2012 forecast just yet. But I would remind you that we did take advantage of the downturn and acquired substantial capacity, especially in the more expensive wafer fab side of the CapEx build during the last 18 months or so, which implicitly means that our need to spend money on that portion of capital should be lower than normal for the next couple of years. Beyond that, we'll continue to spend, of course, on our -- some of the test operations. Our model is 5% to 8% under the CapEx spend. And the fact, if you take a look over the last 12 months, we've actually spent about 7% of revenue on CapEx, with depreciation running at about 6.5% of revenue. So consistent with where we've been, I'd expect those kind of factors to apply going forward. As to staffing, we do continue to hire people, certainly, on a selective basis in the areas where we expect to grow, and those would be in Analog and Embedded Processing, as well as in field app engineers and talented salespeople.
Ron Slaymaker: But John, I think we even tried to explain back at mid-quarter that this is mostly a macro-driven downturn. Now any time customers reset their production levels, typically they'll also reset or rationalize their inventory levels to that new level of production. So what we have seen and what we believe we've seen is that the customers' own inventory reset is largely behind us. And at this point, our customers' production and therefore, our own shipments will track with basically in demand, which is more macro economically driven. So once we -- I think we have a reasonable view of fourth quarter, but once we go beyond that, it really ties to what the macro economy does and which way that tends to take in demand for our customers' product and therefore, how that would drive around. Okay, John.
Ron Slaymaker: Crag, I'm a little uncomfortable getting too far out of on the edge there because there certainly is a lot of uncertainty so -- and that's a rapidly changing situation, but I can walk you through some considerations. First is that TI does not have any facilities there. That being said, we do have some assembly test subcontractors, as well as a few components, select suppliers, for example. Some very specific lead time -- our lead frame suppliers. We do have some products that as a result are impacted. And to the best, we've been able to gauge our current assessment is that it would impact potentially about 1% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. We're working with the customers that are impacted, working with them on contingency plans. We're going to work through that. So this does not include any impact to the customers themselves, either customers that are operating in Thailand or customers that might have their own production plans changed because they're unable to get supply from other suppliers to have a more direct Thailand impact. So we're trying to work through all that. Just a note, we do have programs where customers -- and these are programs where maybe there are some second sourcing type of arrangements on high-volume programs, such as hard disk drives, where customers have contacted us, requesting us to pick up additional support for products that their other sourced semiconductor supplier might have been more impacted by Thailand from an assembly test perspective. And they're asking us for upside support. So again, we're working through all that. The best we can say, at least as it directly affects our production, is very minimal impact but we're still working with the customers to understand their end of it as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Uche, I think somebody else had taken a run at that and we -- as you're aware, we don't break out our revenue forecast by various end markets. I'm sure you'll have -- we'll have certain areas better than others, but we were not forecasting that. But again, keep in mind, the pressure that we're feeling on demand is economically driven. I'd say, maybe more so on the consumer side than on the enterprise side, but it's economically driven, which tends to weigh pretty much across the board. Just as in third quarter, things generally across the board were well below seasonal. We had the same kind of expectation going in the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: In fact, I think our current levels were running about 20% of that capacity level. The other point I need to make is the $2 billion that Kevin references is equipment that we have purchased and in-house today, which, as you're aware, Shawn, only represents about half of the floor space inside of that fab. So we have lots of room for expansion, but we also have plenty of equipment already on the floor that we're ramping into. So again, 20%, lots of room to grow just even within the equipment we purchased, but lots of floor space beyond that.
Ron Slaymaker: Right. So $100 million, C.J., as you probably alluded already, will be about -- or 300 basis points approximately pressure in the fourth quarter. That will be completely gone in the first quarter. So there may be other things that come about in first quarter, of course. But that inventory, the expensing of the inventory write up is a fourth quarter effect only and then, it will be cleaned out by the time we get into first quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: And Chris, I think it's been pretty exciting for some of the National management that have been out on this world tour as well because what they -- I mean, they're finding a reception as part of TI that they haven't been used to for a while. And so I think there is a refreshing upside that they're seeing that makes them pretty excited to be part of TI as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Kevin is thinking about the EPS. I can confirm you're in the ballpark, the $300 million of Q4 revenue.
Ron Slaymaker: To all of you, thanks for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
