Ron Slaymaker: I won't break it down week by week, Tore but I will say that everything that we've seen both on the order front, as well as shipments or revenue has been strong thus far in the quarter. So we've seen nothing thus far that would discourage us at all from the outlook that we've provided.
Ron Slaymaker: But keep in mind, Tore the other factor, even though we have a plan to build inventory, depending upon where we land in that revenue range, that could impact our inventory expectations or actuals as well.
Ron Slaymaker: I guess I would say it is reasonably broad-based now. Again, the overall trend was down. But we specifically called out what we were seeing in PCs and some of the HDTV space because those were areas that in prior calls, we had noted that there was inventory correction underway in those areas were particularly weak. To hit on distribution, I think I said in the prepared remarks that our distribution resales were down about 4% sequentially. I think I noted that we were able to help distributors build a few days of inventory. But I would say their inventory levels are at very comfortable levels from an absolute standpoint. They're just over six weeks of inventory currently. And if you look at historical levels, we've seen them generally in the eight to nine weeks. Now, you probably need to adjust that for about 30% of our distribution revenue that we now support with consignment. But even with that adjustment, certainly inventories are at very, I'd call, normal or typical levels compared to history and at a comfortable level based on what the distributors are expecting in terms of their future resale demand.
Ron Slaymaker: What makes us comfortable are the designs programs we have underway and design programs that are specifically slated to go into production. Let me just say these are not long-term development programs. These are programs that are going to result in relatively near-term revenue. The competitor you referred to, NVIDIA, to their credit, was the first out with a dual core applications processor. I believe they had a couple of months, maybe a quarter lead on our OMAP 4 product. OMAP 4 began sampling fourth quarter a year ago. So we've had that product in customers' hands for over a year at this point. We're well along in development program. And again, them being first for customers that are trying to get out with tablet programs, right away, especially some that are based upon the Android operating system, they're the player, they were the first player out so there is a natural alignment there. But I guess what I would say is we fully are comfortable that we will be there as these programs hit stride and ramp into real volume. I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are in volume production now with OMAP 4. And we're not just in production to put those products in inventories. In fact, we're shipping to a customer that plans to ramp their tablet production based on OMAP 4. So again, we've acknowledged for a long time the tablet market, as is the smartphone market will be a competitive market. But I think you're going to find that translates to great opportunity for TI across a variety of product areas.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I agree completely with what you're describing, that I actually think different competitors are at different points. I know even last week, I was listening to a call where a competitor, a very credible competitor was talking about their lead times have progressed but they still remain extended, we'll take more time. I think the best thing I can say about our own situation is I believe we got on top of the situation earlier in terms of capacity investments and we brought that capacity online. And that's what translated to lead time reduction for us. I think you can always have demand fix your lead times. If it turns down enough, I think if anything for us, this respite in demand we've had over the last couple of quarters really just allowed us to get the capacity investments that we have been making, get it online, get some inventory in place and get our lead times back to normal. I think the other thing that's going to be important is depending upon what happens with growth in our industry, in 2011. I think we feel completely comfortable with the headroom that we have on our capacity now that will allow us to grow quite aggressively, if that's what the market wants to do. And at the same time, maintain our lead times where we and our customers want them to be. I think you'll find if we get into some heady growth in 2011, a lot of our competitors that have not made capacity investments and maybe lead times have adjusted maybe more recently because of slower demand environment over the last quarter, I suspect you'll find them in a different situation with their lead time trends in that kind of environment.
Ron Slaymaker: There's a broad question and there's an implied question. Let me answer the broad question, which is I think we are very well positioned in the tablet with our power management. And you know well, we're well-positioned overall in the marketplace with power management but certainly, tablets are a targeted area for us across a number of product lines just because that's a new emerging space with a lot of opportunities. In fact, maybe I can even diverge for a second and talk about that opportunity overall. I'll stay away from the implied question, which was... were we the player that picked up their lost socket? But I will say we're well-positioned and we think there's a lot of opportunity. Let me maybe just kind of walk through a little bit our view of the tablet opportunity for TI. I know there's a lot of dialogue amongst analysts and investors on how big is that opportunity and how does it compare to a PC. For us, we believe there's over $30 of content opportunity in a tablet. And that goes across Analog, OMAP and wireless connectivity. And kind of the break out of that is the Analog content alone is over $10. The OMAP content, the apps processor opportunity is in the $15 range and then there's probably an additional $3 to $5 of content opportunity for connectivity. By no means do we have all of that in each system. In some cases, we are playing on Analog and maybe not on OMAP. But certainly, that's the opportunity. If I compare that opportunity to a PC for TI, I'd say the biggest difference is that in a PC, the processor, as well as most of the connectivity value really is dominated by a single player. And that's not an opportunity for TI. Of course, unlike a tablet, a PC includes a hard disk drive where we would have probably $1 to $2 of content per system on average. But the net difference between that PC opportunity and a tablet really represents a very significant opportunity for TI. The breadth of our portfolio across Analog, OMAP and connectivity, I'll just say gives us a tremendous opportunity to carve out what could be a very, very significant piece of this important emerging market and we plan to make the most of it.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, let me take a stab at it and Kevin may have a few comments to make. We're not going to be able to walk through market by market. I think what we have tried to do is identify in the few areas that we specifically have previously noted the inventory correction was the most significant. We've tried to provide some guidance or perspective that we think that inventory correction is largely complete. If you go more broadly, there are some customers that probably are totally clean. There are other customers that would not be in similar situation or still have more to go in terms of cleaning up inventory. And now, it will vary customer by customers, maybe somewhat market by market but probably more customer by customer. I don't know that we're really going to do us a lot of benefit to walk through each of those other than what you may gain from listening and talking to those customers directly as they report their own result.
Ron Slaymaker: And Glen, I'll just also note rhetorically, when was the last time our industry has growth at an average growth rate? Usually, it's very aggressive or in decline, you know that as well as any of us.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. I think if you look at the one, call it the next-generation core, I don't think we specifically announced that we're using it for OMAP. But then again maybe we did. We've licensed in fact, I think we were the initial licensee from ARM for their Eagle Core. So I don't know that necessarily we go a key player in additional parallel courses as maybe moved to higher performance directions such as Eagle. But I guess we always have that flexibility.
Ron Slaymaker: Steve, it actually has. When we looked at how 2010 landed overall versus 2009, you might recall in 2009, we've described that breakout, 40% HVAL and then 30% each High Performance Analog and Power. And the good news is and frankly, what we had tried to set as expectations was we thought we were at a point where we would have HVAL contributing at about the same pace as those others. So that makes an impact, that happens and the mix did not change 2010 compared to 2009. So again, further reinforcement of a lot of the work that we have done to have HVAL become a major contributor to our growth in fact has followed through to reality.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know that we would expect it to outgrow the other categories. I think our expectations, and this is not a 2011 statement, it's a longer-term statement, our expectation is that the opportunity and our growth should be pretty well balanced across power, HPA and HVAL. So that's probably as specific as I'd like to be at this point.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, as you understand probably, we try not to take our forecast or outlook and break it down by individual segments or product lines. But we probably will -- probably serve us well to stay with that approach.
Ron Slaymaker: For your question it's a mix of revenue, that is TV and PCs, you're going to get a bonus answer and I'm going to breakout our revenue overall by market. This is for 2010 as a whole. Communications was 42% of revenue, and that's down a few points from 2009. And I'll also note the biggest piece inside of communications is communications infrastructure. Computer was 22% of 2010 revenue, down a point from '09. Let me break that 22% out because it goes across several different areas. PCs actually is about 9%. That's what we sell directly into PC manufacturers. Beyond that, we also have sell into storage manufacturers both in terms of hard disk drives, as well as optical. That's about 6% of revenue. Servers is 1%. Monitors are 4%. And really think of that as DLP front projector revenue. And then printers are 2%. And then continuing at the TI level, industrial is 14% of revenue or was 14% last year. And that's up a few points from 2009. Consumer was 11% and that's unchanged from '09. And inside of that, Ross is the TV number, but I don't have a specific breakout for television. Automotive last year was 8%, up a couple of points from '09. And then education, which is really our calculator product, was 3% in 2010, down one point from 2009.
Ron Slaymaker: I would add maybe two other things, Stacy. Again, it's not new but just reiterating what we said. Our views of the corrections and adjustments to customer inventories and where they are in that progress is part of the reason. Another reason is, maybe the last reason would be that just what we've seen quarter to date in terms of strength, both in terms of orders and revenues play into that confidence as well.
Ron Slaymaker: John, you've heard us say before that if you straight line from where we are today down to zero in the first quarter '13, the only thing we can tell you is that'll be wrong. You'll have some quarters above; you'll have some quarters below. I know qualitatively, I've tried to describe that most of that revenue is 3G and until they have a 3G player ready to start supplying that revenues, well, I won't say it's stable, but it will move with our customers' own business levels. But we've kind of given up forecasting when they're going to have a specific alternative supplier on board. I'm going to shift that risk to you as the analysts now. But you at least know that our mix of 3G to be able to base that on.
Ron Slaymaker: Overall, thank you. As we wrap up, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website, and good evening.
Kevin March: Let me just add to that, if I can. Our backlog coming into the quarter was actually higher than we've seen from first quarter over the last few years, which gives further confidence to the outlook that we're providing.
Kevin March: Specifically on the inventory plans per se, but we do expect to continue to build inventory on those parts that have high demand that we want to keep short lead times on. And clearly, the shape of the 2Q demand will dictate just how much inventory we try to position if we go through the quarter.
Kevin March: Shawn, in the first quarter, I already mentioned that we felt the full effect of bringing three new factories online. So that clearly had an impact on us. The utilization in the fourth quarter was actually down quite a few points. And that wasn't all just attributable to the new factories. We consciously slowed down production in our remaining factories, with the exception of those products where we had extended lead times. We continue to build inventory on those products alone in order to get lead times back to normal. So, while we bring it on the new factories and define overall utilization, the weight in our margins in the fourth quarter. Going in the first quarter, we expect utilization maybe up another point or two, not significantly, but up a little bit and really will be a function of both how demand shapes up in the first quarter and more importantly, how our outlook begins to shape up for second quarter and beyond so we can have inventory ready on time to maintain the achievement we've had on bringing lead times in.
Kevin March: There's not another chunk to come along, it is all in. In fact one of the best ways you could see that is look on our cash flow statement and look at the depreciation line. You will see a step up from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. If you just multiply that times four, it's consistent with our $900 million depreciation we have for 2011.
Kevin March: On lead times, the overwhelming majority of products are back to a normal lead time. There are still some exceptions but there always is in a normal industry cycle anyway. There are some parts where we'd prefer to have shorter lead times and some customers would prefer that also, but that now the minority of parts as opposed to the majority. Most of that is just fine. We expect now that we've gotten lead times largely caught up, we'll continue to use a relatively seasonal down period in the first quarter to make sure that we've got much more attractive lead times in the event that 2011 becomes a stronger year as Ron was talking about earlier so we can maintain what we've got in there.
Kevin March: I think that's right. Just to reemphasize on what Ron opened with though, the PC space we saw at least for our battery management products bottomed in the beginning of the fourth quarter and grew steadily through the balance of the quarter. TV space seemed to have bottomed out in the quarter. And indications from our customers that their inventories are largely cleared and we can expect resumptions of orders in the first quarter. We talked about communications infrastructure continuing to be solid in the quarter, automotive being recently solid. Smartphones are actually quite strong and with the adoption rates, consumer level around the world, one would expect that, that would probably be -- continue to be quite strong going into 2011. And then the industrial space, we had talked about 90 days ago that industrial had been enjoying quite a few quarters of very strong growth led by inventory replenishment, as well as just in demand growth and then we expected that, that growth rate will probably slow down in the fourth quarter and in fact, it did. It slowed down to just in demand kind of growth and we expect that to be the norm going forward.
Kevin March: Chris, I'll just remind you that our objective that we talked about is growing those core areas in their respective markets. And in fact, we did that this past year. They've done enough in a couple of years if you take a look at them. The total company grew at 34% and the core areas grew at 40% plus, a little over 40% for the non-baseband wireless, about 42% for Embedded processing and 43% for Analog. So, clearly very strong growth rates and a lot of momentum given the scale of sales force and the scale of the portfolio, plus more recently the scale of our manufacturing capabilities. Our ability to outgrow our competitors certainly seems to be more highly probable today than you might have thought a couple of years ago, especially in light of the observation that Ron made earlier. And that is, we did take action in late 2009 and especially 2010 to increase our manufacturing capacity, which allowed us to begin bringing our lead times in many cases before quite a few of our competitors could. Many of our competitors would not necessarily take similar actions and should we have a resumption of growth as we go into second quarter and beyond, it could be difficult for some of them to respond to customer demand, which increases the probability again that we will outgrow our marketplace in 2011.
Kevin March: And Chris, as I know you're well aware but just as a reminder for broader audience, there is Baseband revenue that will decline over the next couple of years. And that's 12% of our revenue both fourth quarter, as well as for the year. I found it interesting that even though it didn't contribute to company growth at an absolute level it held those dollars, Baseband dollars, held relatively stable from '09 to 2010. Yet, as a percentage of revenue, it continues to decline, it continues to I would say it as be less important to us and less impactful to us. So that will continue to wind down and certainly, not provide the growth contribution that the core areas will. And just to give you a sort of a refresh on the numbers, the baseband revenue is over 90%, 3G, this point, if you compare that to a year ago. It was 66% 3G. So what you've seen is both as the non-3G market has not shown a lot of growth and to some degree as our customers brought on alternative suppliers in the non-3G technologies, that is now a minimal part of our revenue base. Sometime this year, they'll have a supplier for 3G on Baseband. And you can expect at that time then, incursion or degradation in that 3G revenue for TI. But just stay in tune what their alternative suppliers and what that customer says as to the timing of when that will be. It's not right now, is what I would say.
Kevin March: Glen, if we just kind of take a look again at the capacity of the industry, you're well aware that with the onset of the downturn after the third quarter of '08, something in the order of 17% of available capacity was taken off-line and pretty much permanently off-line. Since then, there's been some capacity added but the last reports I saw suggested that total industry capacity, and I'm not including memory in that statement is somewhere around 90% of where it was in the third quarter of '08. I would just say that we're still under capacitized given demand if you will because the total market is now back above where it was in third quarter '08. So even if you just have an average kind of growth rate like you're describing, it would certainly seem that the market is going to be very stressed on capacity going into 2011 and competitors who have not thought ahead to put capacity in place and they find that rather difficult to deal with. What we find particularly attractive again is that the capacity that we have brought online has been at price points, cost points that we simply have not seen in the past. So if it turns out to be a slow growth year, it's not going to have much impact financially on a negative standpoint. If it turns out to be or strong growth year, we should be able to convert that into very profitable revenue at a rate beyond what our competitors can manage.
Kevin March: Ross, I don't think there's anything really specific to point at. Part of it is that we had a slightly below seasonal fourth quarter and so that's down looks the other way when you go into first quarter. But again beyond that what we had dragging on us was that PC and consumer space and with the TV space in the fourth quarter. As we indicated, we now are seeing PC begin to pick back up and indications from our TV customers is that the TV, people that we supply, is that we would expect to see a resumption of orders in the first quarter. Beyond that, there's not any one place that I would additional color to.
Kevin March: Ross, the OpEx was down in the fourth quarter and that's fairly typical where we see people taking more vacation time and so on. So you'll tend to see OpEx decline, which it did nicely. We would expect in the first quarter, OpEx to increase. A good is to look back at last year. Last year's fourth quarter, our OpEx was up around $30 million quarter-over-quarter and that was a direct effect of the increase that we typically put into place in the first quarter, as well as just far fewer vacation days in the quarter. So again, we'd expect to see a similar up on a quarter-to-quarter basis to what we saw a year ago. In addition to that, you might note that I did give R&D guidance as being up a little bit from what we spent this past year and that will start immediately in the first quarter. So I would expect it to be up OpEx in the first quarter at a faster growth rate than what we saw in the year-ago quarter, again on the function of paying benefit increases, fewer vacation days and stepped up spending on R&D.
Kevin March: Tim, on the revenue from the Transition Services Agreement, we've focused in the past and still hold forecast that we expect those revenues to be less than 1% of our 2011 overall revenues. And we won't break it down any more than that or by quarters anymore than that. I would just put a little bit more color on that, remind you that with the Chengdu fab, as we disclosed, that transition service agreement will run for three or four quarters before it winds down. And with the Spansion fab, that transition services agreement will run for up to two years and winding down during the course of that period. But overall, revenue is expected to be less than 1% of our 2011 revenue.
Kevin March: You indicated you felt maybe gross margin might be a little different in the first quarter. I would remind you that we do expect utilization to be up a little bit in the first quarter. I'm not quite sure how you're putting that into your model, but do make sure that you've got the OpEx properly accounted for on 4Q going into 1Q. That is it was up $30 million a year ago. It should be up more than that this quarter because we're stepping up our R&D. Also, don't forget that should just stock dividend equivalent adjustment that we have to make on our earnings per share. We need to make a similar adjustment when you do your model so you get back to what you think is the target GPM percent of course.
Kevin March: What we really see in there, Stacy, is as lead times came in, as they started coming in the third quarter, we already began to see our book to bill fall below one, which is really quite normal. So, customers who may have been putting six months backlog on us, as we began to move the lead time in, didn't have to give us backlog orders as far out in time. Frankly, they could go for a few weeks or even a couple of months without putting new orders on and still have the backlog coverage they want. So we saw that sort of phenomena going on in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And it's quite normal and was quite expected. The other thing that we did see, that gives again reassurance as to the outlook that we provided for the first quarter is that we had a backlog coverage going into first quarter that frankly was higher than we've seen for a number of years. That's consistent I think with what we've been talking about, the markets, the major markets of PC and TVs we talked about, pretty much cleared their inventory in the fourth quarter and were beginning to see kind of a normal order pattern beginning to show up as we came into late fourth quarter and currently as we move further into the first quarter as well.
Kevin March: It's going to be across the core area, Stacy, of Analog, Embedded Processing and the non-baseband portion of wireless. But I would just say that given the size, Analog will get most of those dollars. And then you'll get a distribution of that into the Embedded Processing next and the remainder, the growth will go into the non-baseband portion of wireless. But it's all in the core product areas. It is not in other areas.
