Dave Pahl: I'll take that first. I would point out that I know you are asking about R&D, but let me address it from on OpEx standpoint. We look at that OpEx as a model and our model is turning to be between 20% and 30% of revenue I mean stable times to be at the lower half of that in fact that's why we've been in the last 2.5 years here so, 23 to 22, now we are running at 22% of revenue and again in stable times we think we can operate there. Now, inside of that they are both in R&D and actually in SG&A, we have various investments that are strengthening our competitive advantages on the R&D front. We continue to focus on industrial and automotive to broad -- continue broaden portfolio. On the SG&A side, we invested on to increase the reach of our channels ci.com in particular we are thinking that we are going to continue to make those investments to strengthen the Company.
Dave Pahl: Well, I'll take a shot at that and if Rafael wants to add something, he can jump in. I would just say that as we look and allocate R&D, worth allocating those to the best projects that we can find one so that we are going to produce, it get designed into the most customers into the most market and have longevity of revenue. And really mostly that's about finding better opportunities to invest in and trying to just settle the number of products as an example that we're doing. But we have found more opportunities to make investments its things as our products will live longer and repurpose products into adjacent markets that we found opportunities to be able to do that. So and I think just in general the quality of the opportunity share doesn’t shift very quickly. And so we are not penciling in an inflection point inside of our revenue. But when you look at our competitive advantages and -- I just say, just as a reminder, all four those together and the investments that we are making, and that includes the manufacturing and technology, the most visible one there is the 300 millimeter advantage that we have. The broader portfolio and just the tens of thousands of products that we’ve got the opportunity to sell more products to customers the reach of the channel market including ti.com that Rafael had mentioned earlier as well as our sales force. And then just the diverse in line with positions, all those working together, I think this is confidence that in the -- in the future that we can continue to gain share in that range 30, 40 basis points.
Dave Pahl: Yes, so the one thing that been clear, our business has grown a very strong for four years plus now, so and that’s really due to the early investments that we had made inside of this market, we continue to make. And again we're trying to ensure that we're making those investments as broad as we can, so we're not ending on one particular technology or one type of portion of that demand that’s increasing. And clearly I don’t think it's well know that actually content has grown faster inside auto's and if you go down into a showroom you can see that pretty clearly in any car today versus even just a few years ago. So we’re confident that that trend will continue and we've also seen the announcements, like you've mentioned that some car companies have reduced their bill plan, we certainly continue to monitor those markets overall but we're confident in our long-term position there and we will continue to make those investments. Okay thank you John and we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: And with that, three quarters of our growth came from industrial and automotive. So that just shows you how strong those were.
Dave Pahl: I would say that if you look again inside of distribution, our inventory there remains at about four weeks is actually down sequentially and down from a year-ago. Our visibility in the customers inventory is of course very depending on if for on consignment or not so with our consigned OEMs were not thinking things that's unusual there such as expedite that would suggest that we have an issue, and off course our visibility and the inventory beyond with customers manufacturing operations is very little overall, so again cancellations remained low lead times continues to remain steady. So all of those metrics I think really our very similar to what we saw 90-days ago. So I think you Ambrish and I think we have time for one more call.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes, so comps equipment is 13% of our total revenue the viral or debt infrastructure will be sector inside of that which tends to take a lot of the calls it's more than half of that end market owned by itself so pricing more in the mid-single digits as a percentage of our revenue. And you know there I think when we look at incremental dollars of where we are investing. And if I refer you back to our capital management call that we get stay back in February, we talked about the fact that we wanted to increase incrementally dollars in both the industrial and automotive market because that’s where we believe the growth will be. With communications equipment, I would say that we got some caveats depending on which business we are looking at. In Embedded, I would say that those investments are down versus where say where maybe five years ago. But on the same view inside of Analog, they're actually up because the some of the complexity that, that’s being developed inside of the radio. So, we do believe that that market will continue to provide great opportunities for us for a very long period of time. But we just don’t believe that there is going to be significant growth, we don’t know if any carriers that want to take up the CapEx over the next 5 and 10 years, over a long period of time. So, thank you for that question, Greg and thank you all for joining us tonight. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, sure. I'll be happy to address that. So, our gross margins in second quarter of ’17 ended at 64.3% and that was 300 basis points higher than in the same quarter last year. And as you reflect the quality of our product portfolio, as we continue to focus on automotive and industrial, but also the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy and as you know, we have the unique advantage of having 300 millimeter factory that at the chip level provides 40% cost advantage. As of 2016, we had about 2.5 billion of our revenue running to 300 millimeter and as we continue to grow the Company, and in this case the Analog in particular, and that growth primarily runs through 300 millimeter then we're going to accrue that benefit over and over and it's a cumulative benefit that really yield some nice results. Through the gross margin line about in more important to their free cash flow and free cash flow for share to for the owner of the Company.
Rafael Lizardi: Chris, I described our lead times continuing to remain stable, if we do have pocket where we got a processor package, supply tightness, but we’re aggressively working those. But overall our lead times continue to remain stable.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure, so again, I’ll make the comment that we’ve got 60% of our revenues on consignment, so there we actually don’t have orders or backlogs, we only see that those demand forecast. So book to bill is less helpful inside of that but orders if you look at through the month, they were strong overall and they did accelerate as we went through the quarter and into the month of June. Book to bill overall was 1.06. So and with that, we will go to the next caller please.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, this is Rafael. What I would tell you that the driver the main driver of what you are seeing near is the revenue growth as we have a over a number of years now we've refocused our investments in embedded and now that really being up very nicely. They have embedded has a quite a bit of our investment there is in automotive and industrial just like it is in Analog and then those as we have said those are the best markets and there is that's giving very nice results.
Rafael Lizardi: The only thing, I would add is, as you know we talk about it quite a bit we’ve been focusing on our industrial for quite some time now because they’ll start advance, there’s kind of benchmark that they have the highest semiconductor content growth. And we are confident that will continue to have that for -- for many years to come. So as of the end of last year 51% of our – of our revenue was automotive and industrial and obviously with the growth we are seeing year-to-date that number appears to be picking up that percentage. So that numbers increases and we continue drive in a performance on those two segments. Then mathematically overall revenue will do better.
Rafael Lizardi: It’s really the later, when we look at the out quarter, again we’ve got 60% of the revenues that we don’t have patterns to look at, but we can actually seeing the demand patterns that that our customers have. And that can move in both directions pretty quickly, right. So even though we got great visibility there, things can strengthen or we can very quickly on us. But we do have very, very good visibility for that 50% of our revenue. And rest of that we look at, we do look at the backlog, we look at order patterns and our sales teams provide forecast as well. So, we go through our bottoms up and tops down approach. So, the revenue guidance that we gave for the third quarter is our best estimate of what we think we’ll do. Okay.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I’ll be happy to add some clarity on that. As you know, we don’t guide specifically on OpEx or GPM, any line for that matter, matter other than revenue and EPS. But on OpEx -- and I should say, on OpEx we focus on the model, the 20% to 30%. And we’ve been operating in the lower half of that. So we like, you guys to think a lot that way. I would tell you though if we had anything unusual going on an OpEx, we would point that out second to third and we do not. And we also don’t have anything like vacation or compensation adjustment that sometimes or we do see fourth to first for example. We do not have that going on in a second to third concession.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, Ambrish, it was -- things were pretty strong, really across the board. So, we saw growth really in most market, most geographies and even lot of the sub sectors inside of automotive and industrial.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, this is Rafael. Well, we would tell you any given quarter the follow through will be a little different. In our company the size of ours are there is just a lot of puts and takes inside this big P&L the more important thing to remember is that we have some fundamental structural drivers that are have increased our GPM percent and we think we are in a continue increasing our GPM percent for a forcible future. And those are the quality of their portfolio as we continue to focus on the best market that are more even an industrial and the diversity and possessions and long live possessions that we get with those where we invest our R&D today and we get the revenue for decades to come. And then the other piece is 300 millimeter Analog as stated earlier that is 40% more cost efficient than 200 millimeter. And that accurse me and you starting one part on that and then in the next part you started on 300 and the third part and the fourth part and you making it all a bigger percent in terms of your company's is running on 300 millimeter and it was only the 30% as of 2016 and the 30% of the capacity we have on 300 which used. So we have ample room to continue growing 300 millimeter and accrue benefits to the Company.
