David Pahl: Yeah, so our revenue profile inside of personal electronics obviously will be more back half-weighted. As that customer did well in the marketplace, obviously our revenues would be reflective of that. I could point out that we sell very diverse set of products to that customer and in fact, hundreds of products to it and products in every major platform. That said, I think that the revenues of that customer reported to be somewhere around two-thirds of it is in smartphones, and you'd expect, since we've got a pretty diverse position across the customer, our revenues would be very similar. So, and certainly, I think that whenever you have a fairly significant change in demand of any customer, their supply chain considerations where you've got different pieces of inventory sitting inside of that supply chain, we happen to be on the beginning part of that supply chain. So I won't try to handicap where that is. That's where we think the demand will come in in first quarter and we'll see. We'll make a prediction on second quarter later.
David Pahl: Yeah, and I'll just add that I think that inside of that weak macro economy, just the diversity of our products and the business model, we continue to operate extremely well inside of that environment. Thank you, John, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Right, okay. Thanks so much, Chris. I'm sorry about the difficulty there. And operator, we can go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yeah, I think, if you look at that sequentially, it was down around mid teens, but from a year ago, it was down mid teens, but actually did see some growth. That was the second quarter in a row that we had growth inside of there. So I think that business continues to be one that over the last couple of decades has been very, very choppy. That characteristic probable won't change. But we're on a position where we've got a couple of quarters of growth. I think that when we look at it longer term, we do believe that carrier CapEx won't grow. It certainly won't drop to zero either. But we do think that it will get smaller slightly in time. Okay thanks, Ross. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Sure. And if you look for the year, it was down, I'm not sure if your question was for the year or for the quarter. It's actually the same reason. It's down primarily due to custom ASIC products. If you remember, those products have a very high exposure to wireless infrastructure and that's where we saw the headwind. It was also down because DLP, and DLP had a very good year in 2014, so very, very difficult compare on that front.
David Pahl: Yeah, so I think that if you look, last year was in the mid teens. If you go back several years, it's actually been in that same range. Previous years were primarily driven from the exit of the wireless business. But as we go into next year and as we look, essentially that we've got some long-term growth potentials inside of DLP. I think calculators have been flat to slightly down and we would continue to expect to see that. Growth in royalties, royalties have been about 1% of our revenue and we'd expect them to continue to run in that area. And then we've got ASIC that will shift over time into our Embedded Processing as we pick up that functionality. So we'd expect that mid teens to slow somewhere in the mid to low single digit declines going forward. Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And we'll go ahead and move on to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yeah, so I think when you look at the Embedded sector, if I look for the year, the increase was due to connectivity and microcontrollers. And both of those product lines I would say have a very diverse customer footprint, and so there's really not one sector or market that's driving it. Collectively, you're right. It's in industrial as well as automotive, but probably has a bias to industrial, just because of the diversity of those customers and where they're winning designs. So very, very broad based, and that's part of the reason why we're encouraged with that business and the growth. And I think that also you see how that contributes to the bottom line and the profitability of that sector, or that business for the year.
David Pahl: Yeah, so we don't really have our business so much lined up by catalog or not. I'd say that the majority of the products by number certainly are more catalog-based as we've got tens of thousands of products. But we're not quite organized that way. I mean we've got the four businesses of the high volume analog and logic, which will be more application-specific products. And even there, even though they're application-specific, many of those products are available to multiple customers and even sometimes multiple markets, even though they're application-specific. Something like motor drivers, as an example, sell into multiple markets and multiple sectors. We got power and then high performance analog and SVA. So we just don't have a cut between that. Okay, thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to our next caller, please.
David Pahl: Sure. I think, Ambrish, as we just look at our business and as Kevin mentioned before, we believe that we've been operating in a weaker environment and that that will continue from some time. We've had some people ask us if we think a semiconductor cycle is underlying what we're seeing and we just haven't seen those signs of a traditional cycle. So there are things like our lead times continue to remain short. Our cancellations remain very low. Our distribution inventory continues to hold around 4 weeks. And we continue to deliver our products on time to our customers when they're asking at very, very high service levels. So those are some of the bigger ones that come to mind, that you would see some movement if you were moving through a bottom or a top of the cycle, and we just haven't seen that in quite some time.
David Pahl: Sure, yeah. And before I talk about industrial, I just want to remind those that may not be as familiar with us, when we talk about our industrial market, it's something that's very broad and different than what a typical investor would look from an industrial screen. So we've got 14 sectors that makes up industrial and they'll include things like factory automation, medical and healthcare, building automation, grid infrastructure, test measurement, motor drives, electronic point of sale, space and avionics, display power delivery, appliances, lighting, industrial transportation and then a bucket of everything else that goes into it. So slightly or very different than what most people would think of in industrials. And you're right, it had a strong year the year before. I think when we started the year, we had expected it to be stronger than what it turned out. And typically a lot of people ask us, hey, we hear the rumors in China. We see the stocks that they follow maybe in the industrial segment are seeing very, very, very weak demand. But we turned in revenue that was consistent with what we saw after a very strong year. And fundamentally what we think's going on inside of that is that there's more semiconductor content going into the industrial market and we think we're in the very early stages of that. And if you look at the automotive market, I think it's much easier to see that content because we know how many cars ship per year. It's much easier to see the difference between total SAAR unit growth and what the semiconductors are shipping into it. Certainly impossible to be able to see inside of the industrial market because it's very, very broad and very, very diverse. But that said, we believe that we've got a decade or more of runway of increasing content inside of the industrial market. So that's about all the insight I think I can share on that. Okay thank you, Ambrish, and we'll go on to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yeah, Chris, your question on connectivity, what's driving the growth there. There we've got a very broad portfolio of products we support, about a dozen different standards from a connectivity standpoint, so low power Bluetooth to Wi-Fi to other sub-gigahertz standards. And so if somebody wants to connect something, we have a solution that we can offer them. And so we're just seeing really good uptake of the products that we've got there. I think you rolled in a question about does it change our penchant for acquisition. Again our belief is that when you acquire a company in the Embedded space, you're picking up additional architectures and additional architectures doesn't make you stronger, it just makes you bigger. And so we'll continue to look for companies that have characteristics much like a National does. If we, when we are interested and that's the profile of the type of company. Let me just add, too, on the Greenock facility that we do expect to save about $35 million once we've completed all the transition. That's on an annualized basis, and once we do complete the transition of the products to the more cost-effective fabs. Okay. Thanks, Chris, and we'll move on to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: I was just going to say that we've obviously competed with both of those companies for a couple of decades and them combining together really doesn't change much from a competitive landscape. And we believe that our four competitive attributes that make us unique, they're hard to replicate. We'll stay focused on those and those are our approach to manufacturing, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of the market channels that we've got and our diverse and long-lived positions. And that's what we'll stay focused on those, and we think those have helped us gain share and they'll help us continue to gain share. Okay. We've got time for one more caller, please.
David Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Doug, and thank you all for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our capital management call on February 9 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, I might just add on that demand profile. We did discuss that we expect about $150 million year-over-year decline attributable to this particular sector in personal electronics. The rest will be about even with last year.
Kevin P. March: John, I think that at the highest level, we think we're continuing to operate in a relatively weak macro economy as we have been for the last couple of years. So nothing terribly exciting in the economy as a whole. If we kind of look at the comparison we're talking about, recall that a year ago, we were seeing sharp declines occurring in communications infrastructure and we're also seeing some pretty stiff headwinds in the form of foreign exchange where if the rate of exchange moving against us from the US dollar strength standpoint. So despite that, when you take a look at all that, we actually see aside from this one sector of personal electronics, the balance of it's going to be about even on a year-over-year basis. So again, the headlines that we're seeing on the macro front and a lot of the angst that you mentioned certainly sounds real, but actually from a demand signal standpoint from our customers, it's consistent with what I just said. We continue to operate in a weak macro environment, with lots of cross currents going on. Again, last year's weakening in comms infrastructure, very strong auto, foreign exchange issues that we were dealing with. This year, we don't see where those things are coming into play right now.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, there's a lot of assumptions inside there, Chris. But let me just remind you as to the moving parts that are going on here. And you can spot it if you take a look at the release that we just put out there. I think the most apparent number you can see on there is the decline in depreciation beginning to occur. And clearly, just from an accounting standpoint, that increases our gross profit margin and falls through to EPS. That depreciation will continue its glide path down in 2016, consistent with the fact that a lot of those purchases that we made five years ago are now reaching the end of their depreciable life. In addition to that, we're seeing a growing portion of our chips being produced in our 300 millimeter capacity and as you know, it costs us about 40% less per chip, or about 20% less per device to manufacture on 300 millimeter versus 200 millimeter. So as that mix improves, that will also fall through to the bottom line. And then the third element that I'd just point out is that we continue to see a mix shift in the source of revenue into industrial and automotive which tend to have higher overall margins and certainly stickier revenue margin profiles over time. So collectively, those should help our overall margin and earnings performance, notwithstanding whatever direction revenue takes us through over the next 12 months. In addition to that, from an EPS standpoint, as we have been doing for eleven years now, as long as the intrinsic value of the company is higher than the market value, we will continue to be buyers of TI shares. We reduced our share count 3.4% this past year. And certainly at current prices, it says we should continue to be active accumulators of TI shares. So combined, we certainly would have momentum in our favor, notwithstanding a significant change in our revenue profile to continue to help us with earnings per share.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Ross, I guess the way I'd answer that is that there are no nobs on the horizon right now of any measure that were similar to what you've seen in the last couple of years. As you pointed out, we had some restructuring actions that we took in Japan, and also in certain parts of Embedded Processing over the last two years, and those have removed quite a bit of OpEx cost. And those are about done now. They pretty much finished up in the middle of last year. As we look forward, what we would expect to see is what we've talked about in the past, that our OpEx should operate somewhere between 20% and 30% of revenue. In a weak market, it might be pushing 30%. In a reasonably strong markets, it might be pushing 20%. I think we're in the low 20s right now, 23% for 2015. So again as I look forward, I don't see any real material changes to the OpEx profile. I will just remind you that we do always have a seasonal pattern in our OpEx, just like OpEx was down 3Q to 4Q because of holidays such as Thanksgiving and Christmas, OpEx will be up again in 1Q versus 4Q because of the absence of those holidays, and also the annual pay and benefits increases that we instituted across the company in the first quarter. And just to kind of give you some parameters on that, it's probably in the 4% to 5% range increase, 4Q to 1Q on OpEx.
Kevin P. March: Okay. First off, let me just make sure we've got the scorekeeping going on correctly here. I think we're talking about 130 basis points of improvement this past year.
Kevin P. March: Don't want to miss out on that extra 10 there. As I look into 2015, clearly any meaningful revenue growth will incrementally have a much stronger impact than any other piece of the P&L on improving overall gross margins. But independent of margin growth, I'd go back to what I talked about a few minutes ago on Ross's question, and that would be really the increasing mix improvement on 300 millimeter, the mix to industrial and auto and then just the decline in depreciation as we continue to march through 2016. It's pretty tough to handicap which one would be the biggest contributor, or how to sequence those. But I think that they will all collectively be quite meaningful as we move into 2016 and I think we'll probably pleasantly please ourselves again for another year.
Kevin P. March: Chris, the fab in Greenock, Scotland, is one that came to us with the acquisition of National Semiconductor in 2011. Most of the parts that are manufactured in there are part of our Silicon Valley Analog business. We announced today that we are going to, I think we're putting together plans to wind down operations there and move the production to other 200 millimeter fabs that we have in Germany, Japan and Maine in the US. These are larger, more cost effective, more technologically advanced factories that can just give us a lot better economics with those chips that are produced there. It will take us about three years to wind down those operations by our estimate right now, as it takes just that much time to requalify those parts into other factories. And at the end of that period, we will no longer have an operation in Greenock. We took a $17 million charge in the quarter as we began planning for that activity and we expect that we'll probably continue to incur roughly $2 million of charges per quarter each quarter through the end of 2018 as we wind it down, for total charges of about $40 million over a three year period.
Kevin P. March: Well, Craig, I'd say the benefit is really happening right now in the Analog portfolio, and it's happened across all four of the business units inside Analog. Because of it, 300 millimeter factor we have in our fab being highly automated, somewhat counterintuitively you don't have to have really high-volume parts running through there, because the automation we can actually run relatively low-volume parts through there and still gain significant cost benefit. So what, the way we've been employing the 300 millimeter strategy is not so much to re-qual existing 200 into that factory, but instead to release new products into that factory on already qualified processes. And that's really the focus that we've had and it will continue going forward. And we'll give a further update as to our progress to date on both the runner (42:57) fab as well as the DMOS6 fab that we're converting that we announced last year, coming on February 9 on our capital management call. So stay tuned for that. We'll give a new update on that as well.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, I don't think you're going to see CapEx and depreciation cross over before the end of 2016. Depreciation will continue to run down during 2016. And really the kind of gentle rollover you saw begin to occur in 2015 is your best proxy for how to model 2016.
