Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.4 billion or 69% of revenue. From a year-ago, gross profit increased, primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 440 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $793 million, up 1% from a year-ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 18% of revenue. For the year, we have invested $1.6 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our top line over the long-term. Restructuring charges were $54 million in the quarter. This expense is driven by the Lehi wafer fab purchase we closed in October. Operating profit was $2.5 billion or 52% of revenue. Operating profit was up 38% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $2.1 billion or $2.27 per share, which included a $0.04 cost that was not in our prior outlook, primarily due to the purchase I discussed earlier. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.4 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.3 billion in the quarter, which included about $900 million for the LFAB purchase. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.3 billion, up 15% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends. We have increased our dividend per share by 13%, marking our 18th year of dividend increases. For the year, our dividend represented 62% of free cash flow, underscoring its sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.7 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt outstanding was $7.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%. Inventory days were 116, up 4 days sequentially and remained below these higher levels. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2021, cash flow from operations was $8.8 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.5 billion or 13% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2021 was $6.3 billion or 34% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.9 billion and earnings per share in the range of $2.01 to $2.29. We expect our 2022 annual operating tax rate to continue to be above 14% and our effective tax rate about 1 percentage point lower than that. This is based on current tax law and would be about the same as we saw in 2021. Next, let me help you model our expectation for expenses for the LFAB purchase. As we have said, we expect to have about $75 million of cost per quarter until we start production, which is still expected in early 2023. These costs continue to be mostly reflected in the restructuring line on the P& L, so it will be visible each quarter to you and therefore, part of our operating profit results. Once the facility begins production, this cost will move and be primarily reflected in cost of revenue. As I close, let me explain why we're so excited about this capacity investments as they strengthen our manufacturing and technology competitive advantage. First, we have significant 300-millimeter capacity coming online with RFAB2 and LFAB in 2022 and 2023. Second, with the announcement of the Sherman Complex, we have a 300-millimeter road map to support growth from 2025 to 2035. Third, customers are excited that our capacity investments are in 45-nanometer to 130-nanometer process technologies that are optimized for analog and embedded and will support their growth in the decades ahead. It is clear that owning and controlling our manufacturing and technology will give us both lower cost and greater control of our supply chain. It is with this confidence, we look forward to sharing with you more details of our plans in our capital management call next week. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Vivek, I'll go ahead and take that. As you alluded to at the beginning of the question, we think of the long-term when we make this decision. So this is not about 2021, 2022 or even 2023. This is over the long-term. And the secular trends in our industry, we're confident of where those are pointing and specifically, in our products, analog and embedded, and the end markets that -- where we put a strategic priority industrial automotive. So on the manufacturing investments that you alluded to, we're very excited about those. As I mentioned during the prepared remarks, they're going to strengthen our competitive advantage on manufacturing and technology. First, we're going to have significant 300-millimeter capacity coming online with RFAB2 and Lehi. That's going to happen actually this year and then going to next year with Lehi. Second, with the announcement of the Sherman Complex, we're going to have a road map that's going to support us out to 2035. And then finally, customers are very excited about our investments specifically in 45- to 130-nanometer process technologies that are optimized for Analog and Embedded and will support the customers' growth for decades ahead.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so I'll start, and I'll comment on our own inventories. And Dave, if you want to add to that. But yes, you pointed out is our inventory days are 116. That is higher by about four days from last quarter, but still well below where we want to be. And our goal is to be significantly higher than that. Our guidance on that is 130 to 190 days. Just know that that's a very tactical metric, because it's just based on one quarter. The bottom line is that we want to have more inventory. And in that measure, I would not be uncomfortable at the very high end or even above the high end of that measure at some point, 190 days of inventory.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll take that. First, yes, we've been running OpEx at about $3.2 billion per year, a little lower, a little higher than that. But for the last five years, eventually, they've rounded. That number has rounded to that. OpEx, most of OpEx is an investment. That's how we think about it. Obviously, R&D continues to strengthen our -- the broadest portfolio in the industry that we have, both analog and embedded. But even inside of SG&A, there are several key pieces there that are key investments. Ti.com is one that comes to mind, and we'll talk more about Ti.com specifically at the capital management call next week. So OpEx fuels our future growth. We don't really think about it from a percent of revenue standpoint. But to help you with that, we have guided that over the long term should trend between 20% and 25%. Of course, we're -- right now, we're at about 18% or so. So that 3.2, I wouldn't expect it to change significantly in the short term. But over time, over many years, it should -- 20% to 25% is probably the right way to look at it.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So a couple of angles on that question on gross margin. First, as you know, you follow us for a long time, we do not manage to gross margin. We manage to the growth of free cash flow per share. We think that's the key driver of value for the long-term owners of the company. And you can do that with higher gross margins. You can do that with lower gross margins. So that's our focus. But specifically on gross margins, our guidance has been and continues to be, think about it on a fall-through basis, over the long term, 70%, 75%. We have been doing pretty well on that front. The key driver, of course, is revenue growth. But then beyond that 300-millimeter capacity, that continues to be a great tailwind as we have more and more of our capacity on 300-millimeter, we had -- has a structural cost advantage and we'll be continuing to add to that with our RFAB2, Lehi and the Sherman Complex. The last comment I'll make is -- and we'll give you more details on that next week on capital management, but CapEx has been going up and will continue to go up over a number of years with those investments that I mentioned. Those are long-term investments. Those are going to set us up great for the next 15-plus years. So I'm very happy about this. I'm pleased with that. We're confident about those. But that does flow through the P&L as higher depreciation. So I expect CapEx to go up, and depreciation will follow. And that will have an impact on gross margins. But frankly, at the end of the day, that's accounting. The investment is happening now. It will happen over the next few years with that additional CapEx, and that will just put us in a great position to grow the top line and have really great fall-throughs over a long tome to come.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, thanks for that question. We -- as you alluded to, a lot of the conversations on CapEx, they tend to be on the fab side. That's because that's where a disproportionate amount of the money goes to, which is very capital intensive. And it's also because the lead times to build those are much longer, the type of structure that you have to build, et cetera. But we're also spending a lot of time internally on the back-end and what we need to do on that front. We're going to give you more details on that next week. But essentially, we do have plans going on at various countries where we already have operations to continue to expand capacity to match that front-end capacity and always be ahead of demand.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll start, and Dave, if you want to chime in. But I would tell you, first, as Dave mentioned during the call, prepared remarks and during a couple of questions, the strength was broad-based across geographies and end markets, et cetera. On your specific comment on capacity. As we have said probably for the last four quarters or so any longer, we have been and will continue to bring capacity incrementally. Incrementally, meaning relatively small steps. But nevertheless, those make a difference, especially on a cumulative basis, right? So we have been doing that for some time, and that's obviously helping. I mean you could see not only our revenue has improved during this cycle, but we went from draining inventory to now, the last two quarters, we've actually increased inventory, albeit at a relatively low level, but still much better than draining in inventory. So that gives you an appreciation for what that incremental relations to capacity have done. We expect to continue to increase incrementally, again, relatively small steps for another two quarters, and then RFAB2 comes online sometime in the third quarter of this year of 2022, and that will give us more legroom on those tailwinds. And then about six months later, first Q 2023, we'll have Lehi, LFAB come online once it's qualified, and that will give us also more legroom on that front.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I think whenever we look at the SIA data, regardless of which direction that is trending, and you'll know that I'll always be consistent that I say never look at one quarter, sometimes even one year on specifics. That really needs to be something that is looked at over time, especially we go through a period the last four, six quarters through COVID and the choppiness that's been going on, I'd just be real careful to get too precise on measuring things in this type of time period. So I think with our competitive advantages, with the investments that we're making, we're very confident that we're making progress in the markets that we're making those investments. And we really believe that we've made progress over this time period. Thank you, John. And we’ll go to next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I think just I'll follow up with -- as I commented before, we just don't have direct visibility into customer inventory. So it's not something that we can measure directly. Yes, go on Toshiya 
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So I think that it's clear, as we look at those markets over time, we believe that there's going to be content growth. So let me just talk about the long-term prospects of both of those markets. So it's very easily seen in the automotive market that there's content growth. We can see the cars today just have more semi content in them per vehicle than what we drove five years ago and 10 years ago. And it's very clear that, that's going to continue. That same phenomenon, it's just a lot harder to see, is going on in the industrial market, and that's what we love about it. It's not one thing we've got 13 sectors that make up that market. We have hundreds of end equipments that we're working on and tens of thousands of customers that we're working for. And our product portfolio is just positioned perfectly for that. So it's really a strategic focus that's on it. Now is there going to be noise around growth rates in any one given year? And John pointed out with SIA data, the stuff bouncing around, that's going to happen, but we're going to put in place growth and capacity to support that growth for the long-term. And it's because we've got the confidence that those markets are going to grow and those secular trends are going to continue. So thank you, Ross. And we’ll go to next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'll start, and Rafael, if you want to add, please do. If you look, we do manufacture embedded today and DMOS6. So part of our manufacturing footprint today includes embedded. And so with the Lehi factory, we will be able to build additional products there. And I would say, over time, foundry will continue to be a portion of our footprint. But as our revenue grows as a percentage of revenue, could that move some, but it could. But we will continue to build products, both internally and externally. And I'll just say that, as we invest in 300-millimeter, both for analog and embedded, that brings the same cost advantages to us. It allows better control of our supply chain. And certainly, in periods like this, it shows why that's an important advantage for us. So, okay. Thank you, Harlan. And I think we've got time for one more caller.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Fair question, Ambrish. And I'd point to maybe a couple of things. First, I'd point that we've got the broadest portfolio in the industry. When we engage with customers, it's not unusual for us to have a dozen, two dozen, sometimes three, four dozen different components shipped or on any particular design in any particular system. So it only takes one of those products to -- for our teams to have to work closely with that customer on. And as I talked about before, our teams have really done a great job supporting customers across the board, across those products. And that's what we'll continue to focus on. I think as we look to this year, we've got capacity coming online later this year with RFAB2 and those investments. Rafael talked about, we're putting in capacity. Every quarter this year, we've put in capacity, every quarter last year incrementally. So you see that showing up in our results. And then we've got -- followed that up with the Lehi fab in early 2023. So I think we're in a really good position to continue to support our customers overall. So we'll continue to work really hard at that and deliver the results that follow with that.
Dave Pahl: So with that, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming capital management call. And it is on February 3rd at 10 AM Central Time and a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
