Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, second quarter revenue was $4.5 billion, down 13% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.9 billion or 64% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, increased capital expenditures, and the transition of LFAB-related charges to cost of revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 540 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $938 million, up 12% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12 months basis, operating expenses were $3.6 billion or 19% of revenue. Operating profit was $2 billion in the quarter or 44% of revenue and was down 28% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the second quarter was $1.7 billion or $1.87 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion in the quarter and $7.4 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.4 billion in the quarter and $4.2 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $3.2 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $80 million of our own stock. In total, we have returned $6.5 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $500 million of debt and issued $1.6 billion of debt. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory dollars were up $441 million from the prior quarter to $3.7 billion and days were 207, up 12 days sequentially. For the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.36 billion to $4.74 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.68 to $1.92. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are Manufacturing and Technology, a broad product portfolio reach of our channels, and diverse and long-live positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocations and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So, thanks, Vivek. Let me start, and Dave, if you want to chime in. But big picture step back to what we told you during capital management and the investments that we're making are long-term in nature as you alluded to in your question. And we are going to enable revenue growth for the company for the next 10 to 15 years. Okay. So that's how we're thinking about it. And that's why we're making this investment on CapEx, in particular, about $5 billion per year for the next four years, and we are committed to those investments. We're excited to making those investments regardless of the short-term fluctuations of revenue and of course lower revenue means lower operating cash, which now with the CapEx, that's why you're seeing on the free cash flow is not unexpected.
Rafael Lizardi: Utilization this last quarter was lower than the previous quarter. That was largely a function of adding capacity.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, the days depends on revenue, of course, but on the dollars -- has an upward bias. So there's very likely that the dollars will go up in Q3. Of course -- and you know this is right, but inventory is on the balance sheet at one point in time, but it's meant to support the future growth and 200 days is about couple of quarters' worth of inventory in various stages of finish.
Rafael Lizardi: That's going to depend on revenue expectations, beyond now and then, the decisions that we make on the factory, and we forecast one quarter at a time. Just know that our thinking, it's long term in nature, as I talked -- as I mentioned to Toshiya in the previous call. And we're managing through the cycles, right? So not what's going to happen in one quarter or even two quarters, what we think is going to happen over longer than that on inventory. On capacity, we're adding capacity that's going to support us for many years, right? So it's going to give us plenty of headroom. One more comment on inventory, just for those who maybe have not listened to us very often, but you know there's -- our inventory has very low obsolescence. The bulk of it is for counterparties that -- the inventory itself last year is, in fact, up to 10 years on the shelf, but the product life cycles are very long with our customers, and we have, in many cases, tens or dozens of customers that buy the product. So the risk of obsolescence is very low in the inventory.
Rafael Lizardi: In the big scheme of things, our goal here is to support revenue growth. It's not, frankly, to optimize short-term fluctuations in gross margins. Those are not irrelevant, of course, but it's just the focus is on supporting revenue growth in the short-term, midterm and long-term. And inventory supports short-term to midterm fluctuations, right, that we can mitigate -- we're having plenty of inventory. And the incremental cost of inventory is really low. As we talked about, on the obsolescence side, also on the variable cost nature of what goes into inventory. So it's just sort of just things that we keep in mind when -- in trying to make those decisions.
Rafael Lizardi: So I assume you're talking about third quarter? So yes, our guidance, and as you pointed out, we only give top line and EPS. But our guidance is the best estimate that we have in our gross margins -- or I'm sorry, that guidance embeds -- the revenue is flat in that particular case, and it embeds the result in depreciation and other related costs from added capacity over time. On a year-on-year basis, I know you asked sequentially, but just a reminder, on a year-on-year basis -- keep in mind that last year, we had the Lehi acquisition fab cost in restructuring, and now it is in COR, in cost of revenue as of December of last year when you move.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Just -- what I would tell you is depreciation, the way we depreciate equipment is over five years. Buildings is much longer, usually they average about 30 years or so. But consider that that equipment lasts a lot longer than five years, right? We have factories today that are running on 50 years-plus. And some of that has upgraded equipment. But -- but broadly speaking, that equipment lasts for decades, not the five years where we depreciate it. So it's probably an unfair comparison to try to put the 300 benefit next to the depreciation and expect an offset in the short-term. I would suggest you think of it from a cash standpoint. We're investing that CapEx. It's cash, forget about the depreciation, is -- CapEx is what we're investing. That's going to enable growth by adding that internal capacity, which, as Dave alluded to earlier, that is geopolitically dependable capacity. We're putting as many as four Fabs in Sherman, two in Richardson, two in Lehi in Utah. And then assembly test facilities in Asia, primarily Malaysia and Philippines, for example. So -- so that's going to put us in a really great position to grow the top line for a long time. And then what happens there is that yields a lot of operating cash for a company that then we can either redeploy or return to the owners of the company after those investments.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers, and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objectives, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I'll start, Rafael, if you want to add. Again, we've talked about is share doesn't move quickly inside of our markets. I think that depending on the peer you're comparing to, oftentimes the market exposure can explain a good portion of it. There's other factors like how much distribution is someone using. As you know, we've transitioned from mostly using distribution to mostly having revenue come direct. So there is inventory that needed to be burned out of the channel as we made that transition. So there's multiple factors. I think going forward, our confidence in being able to continue to gain share is extremely high. Customer reaction to the capacity that they know they need to have wanting to know that they've got capacity runway not from someone's manufacturing supplier, but directly from someone that makes their products is really resonates with customers. Okay, thank you. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. No, thanks for the question, Toshiya. Yes, we are comfortable where we are. As a reminder, our objective for inventories to maintain high levels of customer service and minimize obsolescence. I would point you to slide 13 at our capital management call. That shows the semiconductor cycle over many years of about 30 some years and what that informs us on what could happen in the future and we're planning for the long-term growth through those cycles, not in any one quarter or even any one year. And of course inventory levels always depend on demand expectations and for the time being in the near term, they will likely have an upward bias.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Our pricing strategy hasn't changed. And of course, we regularly monitor with the pricing of all of our products, and we may maintain the goal to continue to gain share over time. But there's nothing unusual going on with pricing today. And I'll point out the fact that when we opened up our Fab 1, we had 75% of the tools needed inside of that factory, and there was handwringing back then if you remember that we were going to do something unnatural. And what we talked about was putting in place that capacity to support growth, and that's what it did. So thank you, Chris, we'll go to the next caller.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Yes, thanks for that question, Harlan, and how you framed it. I would say at a top level, the changes that we have made to our product portfolio, the design in that and the customer response to those products as we've put them out in the marketplace continues to be very strong. Our confidence that that business will grow and gain market share over the long term is extremely high, based on that. And as we've talked about before, we're putting in place to be able to support that growth for embedded internally, and that is a position that we haven't been in quite some time. Near term, I would say, besides things stabilizing, we've experienced greater supply constraints over the last two years is embedded, has previously had to rely on foundries to supply that demand. And so those constraints are alleviating. And I think that that's just something that you see across the industry. So thank you, Harlan. And we'll go to the next caller.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So yes, so year-on-year, the change in revenue, the increase in -- or moving of the cost from the restructuring into -- most of that into cost of revenue and as well as depreciation. So thank you, Blayne. We'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Again, I think that overall, we had continued to see that asynchronous behavior as we started back a year ago. And so that has continued. PE, again, it started -- we started to see weakness in Q2, so we've completed now -- it actually grew first to second. So we've got several quarters of decline. It was up slightly sequentially. And again, we're not expecting much change in our end markets as we look forward. So, okay, thank you. And let's go to our last caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So it wouldn't surprise us if it corrected. I don't think anyone can declare certainty on those types of things in the future. But I think that customers will build inventory. I've got 37 years of experience in the industry now, and that's the way the markets have behaved in the past. So that's generally a good guide in the future, but I think you can't pound the table and make absolutes, but certainly wouldn't be surprised if that were the case. So with that, we'll hand it over to Rafael to wrap this up.
