Kevin March: Thanks, Ron. And good afternoon, everyone. Our gross profit expanded by 6% sequentially this quarter, as revenue grew. Gross margin declined slightly by 20 basis points to 52.7% of revenue. Operating expenses increased $27 million from the fourth quarter. As I explained in January, this was mostly the result of higher compensation expenses that resulted from our stronger financial outlook for 2010. For example, accruals for employee profit sharing and annual raises in February. Operating expenses were 23% of revenue in the quarter within our planned operating models. Restructuring charges in the first quarter were $10 million. This was for US pension plan settlement accounting associated with actions that occurred in 2008 and 2009. The distribution of these charges across our segments is included in our earnings release. Operating profit for the quarter was $950 million, 9% higher than the prior quarter due to higher gross profit. From the year-ago quarter, operating profit was up $940 million due to higher gross profit. Operating margin in the quarter was 29.7% of revenue. Net income in the first quarter was $658 million or $0.52 per share. Included in net income was $7 million of discreet tax charges that were associated with the change in tax treatment of Medicare retiree growth subsidies. I’ll leave most of the cash flow and balance sheet items for you to review in the release. However, let me make just a few comments. Cash flow from operations was $710 million. This was down from the last quarter’s $1 billion due to higher receivables. Cash flow from operations was up in the year-ago quarter due to higher net income. Capital expenditures declined sequentially to $219 million in the quarter. Expenditures included the purchase of additional assembly and test equipment as well as additional analog wafer fab equipment. Our process qualification work at our 300 millimeter analog wafer fab, RFAB, is producing good results. The initial wafers that we began producing in January have completed processing with good early yields. We continue to track well to our goal in our full process production qualification before the end of this year. In the quarter, we used $504 million to repurchase 20.6 million shares of TI common stock and pay dividends of $149 million. We were able to increase our inventory by $74 million in the quarter with most of the additional inventories stages as work in process to support our forecasted higher 2Q revenue. Inventory days held steady at 76. Consistent with what we described in our mid-quarter update, our delivery performance has continued to improve and our lead-times have continued to decline, as we bring additional manufacturing capacity online and get better positioned with inventory. Even as we have begun an orderly process of reducing lead-times, demand from our customers has remained strong. Orders in the quarter were $3.64 billion, up 12% sequentially. TI’s book-to-bill ratio was 1.14 in the quarter, up from 1.08 in the fourth quarter and our strongest book-to-bill ratio since the second quarter of last year. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.31 billion to $3.59 billion in the second quarter or 3% to 12% sequential growth. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of 56 –
Kevin March: Actually what I’ll do is back up maybe a paragraph. I’m sure that’s caused a bit of distraction for everybody. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.31 billion to $3.59 billion in the second quarter, or 3% to 12% sequential growth. We expect earnings per share to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.64. Our estimates for 2010 R&D, depreciation, and capital expenditures are unchanged from last quarter. In summary, as the recovery continues to gain momentum, we are seeing the results from investments that we maintained even through the depths of the downturn. We have products well positioned, and field sales and applications team is second to none. Our production output is at an all-time high, and we have a multi-year ramp in capacity underway that will allow us to support our customers and therefore our shareholders with strong growth potential. And this capacity, both fab and assembly or test, is being procured at cost levels that will also advantage us competitively without burdening TI with a lot of fixed costs. We see this strategy as having lots of upside opportunity and manageable downside risk. With that, let me turn it back to Ron.
Kevin March: Yes, Chris, you may recall that in January when we had our fourth quarter earnings release and our first quarter call, I mentioned that we were reinstating compensation changes – compensation increases for everybody in 2010 and that we also based upon our higher outlook, we see related compensation such as profit sharing going up. And so really what you are seeing is the effect of that going through the gross margins line. In fact, if you adjust for that, the fall-through would be very closely better than expected it.
Kevin March: Yes, we’ve established a gross margins target of 55% gross margin and 30% operating margin. And we remain very confident being able to achieve those. The main driver of that of course is going to be just the revenue mix, as we go forward. I think Ron mentioned already that Analog and Embedded Processing and the core Wireless Products are now about 66% of our total revenue that become a richer mix in most and a very nice gross margins. We would expect that mix to continue to richen up as we go through the year and the years follow, and the gross margins will move up accordingly. Beyond that, I won’t really give a specific time period as to when we think we will be achieving that 55% gross.
Kevin March: Yes, that’s a good point, Ron. The compensation changes that you saw in the first quarter, our annual raises are actually effective from February. So we saw two-thirds of the effect of that in the quarter. So we’ll see a bit more of that going into second quarter where the total rate will burden the quarter. And just on our outlook, our accruals that we take for other compensation for other compensation-related incentive type things such as profit sharing to be adjusted as well.
Kevin March: Yes. Tristan, our utilization rate really didn’t move that much. It was very consistent what we talk about. While we do expect utilization go up a little bit next quarter, it’s going to be that much again. We have – you may have noticed from our balance sheet, we are able to build some inventory in the first quarter even with our utilization not changing by that much. That helps position us well for growth going into the second quarter. And so we have just a small – relatively small additional wafer starts, we will be able to reach those types of revenue numbers that we gave in the guidance.
Kevin March: Uche, I think on the royalty front, naturally that’s a function of how well our licensees are doing. And in general, we’ve got a strong market going on. I will quantify any of the business units underneath the Other segment other than to say what’s up and what’s down. Royalties was up sequentially. DLP was also up quite a bit. That also happens to be a very attractive margin business. And that’s on the strength of projectors. In fact, not only quarter-over-quarter, but also year-over-year, if I recall, I believe it doubled on a year-over-year basis. And going forward, we are seeing continued strong demand, especially for the DLP into the future. Again, not being specific on that area because we don’t really forecast – forecast below the company level. Overall, what we will see next quarter just so it’s not lost on folks, as we calculate our business, it’s inside the Other segment. And you may recall, that has a seasonally stronger second and third quarter that’s when the back-to-school selling season happens. And so we will typically see an uptick from 1Q to 2Q for that business, and we are expecting about $65 million to both 1Q and 2Q in terms of revenue there, typically go up a little bit in the third quarter and then drop off again in the fourth due to the seasonal nature of that business.
Kevin March: On lead-times, Ron mentioned during the mid-quarter earnings conference call that we have already begun to pull in lead-times, as we’ve been bringing on capacity to deal with the high levels of demand that we’ve had. And we have further programs, as we came out of the quarter. We still have a number of products that have been kind of longer than we prefer at this point that we bring significant progress coming to the first quarter. And remind me that we are going to continue installing additional capacity for each of the quarters of 2010, and we expect that should greatly enable our ability to bring new accounts back to the normal level.
Kevin March: Shawn, we don’t break our guidance down into particular markets. So I probably need to stay away from that. However, let me just say, thus far in the quarter, which is what, 26 days, orders are strong and fully consistent with the guidance that we just provided to you.
Kevin March: We are talking about tens of thousands of part number series. There really is no one answer, but lead-times that were, say, in excess of 12 weeks, total back in to the eight to 10-week kind of range. Lead-times that were in excess of 16 and pulling back into the 12, 14 kind of range, it kind of seems across the board where unfortunately more and more of our products are moving back into a normal lead-time for that particular product, not all the saying that depends on the manufacturing process. Some process would take longer naturally than other processes. But the lead-times are all beginning to move back in consistent with those processes. But as I said, there is still some work to do on that that should be dealt with as new capacity continues to come online this year.
Kevin March: Yes. The only thing I would say is, I don’t know what I would say if fully recovered. I think we certainly believe we have it well on a path and we think the turnaround that we had talked about, I think, really for a couple of years now is well underway. But there are still – there is still work to do. There is still additional progress to be made in terms of further diversification of those products in the markets that we are working through. I think if you look at HVAL, really isn’t a single market, a variety markets. It’s even specific to first quarter, clearly computing and peripherals that we participate in with those products would include areas like printers, but maybe more significantly would be hard disk drive. Those were some examples. Probably automotive would be another one that I would mention as a notable area of improvement.
Kevin March: Adam, I can answer that pretty quickly. We’ve seen no change in lead-times. There is no abnormal cancellation. Pardon me. No change in cancellations. We will have no more adjustments there at all. In fact, I would just observe it during the quarter, even though we were improving the lead-times on a considerable basis, but again we did see (inaudible) orders in the quarter. We talked about earlier that book-to-bill (inaudible) 1.14. So really showing that customers continue to have significant demand for our products.
Kevin March: Adam, we’ve been talking for a couple years now about gross margins working their way as we rebuild the portfolio to a 55% kind of structure. And that’s not to say that the ceiling of our floors to say that our portfolio should be able to deliver that on a fairly reliable basis. Going forward, we continue to be even more confident that we will be in those kind of gross margins, especially as we see analog and embedded processing becoming a bigger mix of our revenue overall. On the CapEx front, we’ve talked for a while about CapEx probably running in the 5% to 8% kind of range – percent of revenue. And in fact, we are consistent with that. I was just looking over some data this morning, and our capital spending for the last 12 months has been almost exactly 8% of revenue, which bodes well for depreciation as we move forward also. So we should see depreciation throughout – on the gross margin. In addition to that, we’ve been acquiring capital at extremely attractive prices. So we are getting more capacities than we would normally get dollar-for-dollar of capital spend, which bodes very well for being able to grow our top line, which is where we are highly focused inside the company is driving top line growth at this point as opposed to trying to adjust the gross margin models.
Kevin March: Jim, the schedule right now is for them to be shipping its first production worth product by the end of this year. We – as Ron mentioned, we just started Phase II expansion in that factory. The Phase I was to give us $1 billion of incremental revenue capacity. That’s what we announced a couple quarters ago. Phase two is a second $1 billion of revenue capacity, and we have just begun bringing equipment – just purchased equipment last week to support that, and we will be bringing that in very quickly. We would expect to probably have some fairly meaningful revenue begin to come out of there in 2011.
Kevin March: Yes. In the fourth quarter, what typically happens on our shipments in the fourth quarter are actually a drop off a fair amount in December, as customers put their factories on holiday and so on. And so our receivables will tend to decline and our days of receivables will tend to go down. Coming out of fourth quarter into first, we are back into a more normal manufacturing environment with our customers, more uniform factory loadings and full hour shipments are more uniform across the quarter, which in turn by contrast to fourth quarter range of receivables levels up when your revenue grows and you wind up your days going up as well. If you look on a year-over-year basis, actually very consistent on these bases.
Kevin March: Srini, I really don’t want to try to forecast what commodity pricing might be. This is an area where first sometime I think since it’s really the beginning of the year, we have actually been on a what we call, controlled order entry process where customers just could not come in and place unlimited demand on us based upon a certain lead-time. We provide certain levels of support to customers that have been historic customers. And if competitors were having issues supplying product, we weren’t just going to be the benefactor for all of their customers to be able to gain support. So commodity really has been kind of a different environment for the last few quarters, very difficult for this part with this kind of market environment in terms of how we and how our competitors move to a controlled order entry process. But the statements about lead-time reductions and such have not yet applied to those commodity products. That was more statements about general products in a better processing, high performance analog power, HVAL, those types of product areas.
Kevin March: Well, the Other segment actually doesn’t have none of the staffing level that you see in the three primary segments. And so there is not that much compensation to run through there compared to the other ones. And then again we have just very high margin kind of cash cow items, if you will, that are in that segment. And so dollar-for-dollar they tend to fall through quite rich, but really it’s going to come down to – you just don’t have as much compensation inside that segment that’s going to see the changes that we saw in the Other segment.
Kevin March: Yes. Maybe if I can even move beyond this year, you’ve heard us say for some time and we’ll say it again today that we expect our baseband revenue to be essentially zero by the end of 2012. So if you take our first quarter baseband revenue of $424 million, $425 million and trade line that to zero at the end of 2012, I think what you are going to find is there will likely be quarters above this line and quarters below the line. The exact profile of the decline is going to depend upon our customers’ success in the market and the mix of their 3G versus older technologies, as well as our customers – I'm sorry, our competitors’ progress in delivering baseband product to meet the customers’ needs. So maybe some additional color that can help you to your own analysis on this is if you consider that today 3G baseband represent about 75% of our baseband revenue. And that’s up from about 50% a year ago as the market really has transitioned to these more advanced technologies. I think it’s well known that our largest customer is intending to multi-source their baseband. And I think what you can expect in 2010 is that competitors should begin to support the older technologies that represented 25% of our baseband revenue in the first quarter. And for 3G, we don’t anticipate competitors to begin ramping new products there until sometime in 2011. So our revenue profile this year in 2010 is going to depend on how the competitive incursions compare against the ongoing market shift to 3G and also how our customer performs in that 3G market. So hopefully that provides you some level of insight. Okay. Thanks for your questions. And we will move to the next caller, please.
Kevin March: Yes, sure. From product standpoint, you named several of them there, operational amplifiers, data converters, and then also in the first quarter, industrial interface products or the areas that grew fast sequentially. And our high performance analog business, price similar to lot of the other HPA players that you’ve seen out there, really has a pretty strong exposure to the industrial market and is benefiting as the industrial market continues to have a pretty robust recovery here. So those product areas that I mentioned but didn’t offer maybe more aligned with industrial market overall.
Kevin March: I would suggest that with a 1.14 book-to-bill and a growth rate that we are suggesting probably will consume all those orders next quarter. You can pretty assume, Ross, that we are still seeing some orders in the north of three months kind of window. Nothing north of six months. We just don’t recognize orders that far out. But probably a good portion of those in the three to six-month range. I don’t have the exact breakout, but that would be my expectation.
Kevin March: Glen, I don’t have those numbers. Certainly we talked about on the 300 millimeter the incremental revenue that that will give us. And we have talked about purchasing and deploying 200 millimeter equipment last year and more this year, but frankly, I don’t have the numbers for you to give you any further answer on that.
Kevin March: No, we did not take any factories offline. The other factory we’ve taken offline in the last couple of years has been KFAB. And we’ve redeployed that. That was back in early ’07. And then there was an older factory that we had acquired with the Burr-Brown acquisition in Tucson that we also ran down in the early ’08 time frame. But during the downturn we took no capacity offline. In fact, we’ve added in the capacity.
Kevin March: John, I don’t have the data in front of me from that time period back there. And I’m not quite sure how you are modeling the gross margin assumption. I would just remind you that the OpEx will be up a little bit though again next quarter, as I mentioned earlier, on our full quarter’s overall compensation change. So I don’t know how you are squeezing that through your model, but you should take note of that. But beyond that, I don’t have the data in front of me for that time frame in 2007. So I can’t respond to you well on that.
Kevin March: Clearly, as we are ramping about, even as we speak, we are ramping up now. We are experiencing a cost there because everything that we are doing there is not inventory (inaudible) just being expensed. The way to think about the economics on that is, generally speaking, the die cost would be about 30% less than what the equivalent die would be on a 200 millimeter wafer. On LL parts, about 50% of your cost is in die and 50% is in the assembly or test. So you will get probably about 15% kind of manufacturing cost reduction in the apples-to-apples comparison to 8-inch. That’s really at the product level. And so as we look at turning that into analog revenue coming out of that factor, I think you can kind of model those numbers out and figure out the incremental gross margin, we will get out of that factory.
Kevin March: Doug, on the OpEx, we are mindful of computing that OpEx percent with baseband removed. We know it’s going to be going to zero at some point. And so when you do that, we’re actually at about 26%. So we will continue to be very disciplined in how we manage the OpEx for the foreseeable future. As to the use of cash, you’ve seen us over the last few years using cash flow (inaudible) and dividend increases. I can’t make any specific forecast on those – on dividend increase of course because they are subject to Board approval. But as we continue to generate cash, we first try to deploy it internally for growth and to the extent that we’ve deployed as much as we can effectively growth with, then we will continue to do buyback and also continue to pay dividends to our shareholders. I don’t have a specific payout ratio for you that tried to model in or (inaudible) communicate right now.
Kevin March: Really the biggest thing is we’ve got to kind of carefully look at us, Stacy, is we are still redeploying internally. I think Ron mentioned in his remarks that about 90% of our total R&D is now going towards three growth areas, the Analog, Embedded Processing, and the non-baseband portion of Wireless. That transition has been underway for really very aggressively during 2009, but even started earlier than that. So what you’re seeing on a quarter-over-quarter basis is a little bit more just to redeploy it. Again, some of that is coming out of the Other segment, going into Embedding Processing and so on. We’ve also stepped up our staffing level there quite a bit in the sales that you accelerate the opportunities we see, especially in the microcontroller space with the 32-bit opportunities that we see emerging on that side.
Kevin March: Yes. Phase one actually supports part of phase two also by the way. One of the things that phase two is really good is on line balancing for us. So we spend about $75 million on those 200 – on those 100 tools that we mentioned earlier. And we will be needing to acquire some more tools to complete phase two. Overall, spending will probably be below what we spent on phase one, but that’s really because of your line balancing. And what I mean by that is some of the phase one equipment can support more than just incremental $1 billion of revenue we’ve been talking about. It supports into the $2 billion number. But without some of the line balancing equipment that phase two starts bringing and you really can’t get that kind of fruit. So that’s what you are seeing happening here. And our cost for that equipment so far in phase two has been quite similar to what we saw in phase one.
Kevin March: Tim, on the inventory build-out, if you look at into specific forecast on the inventory itself. I would just point out though, as I mentioned earlier to one of the other questions, at a 1.14 book-to-bill, really our orders are stronger than our outlook, which means we are getting orders that are probably out into the first quarter. And so in the second quarter, we will begin to build not only the second quarter deliveries but also third quarter deliveries. And to the extent that the revenue continues to grow, of course we have to build more inventory to support that. So you would see some growth if in fact we expect revenue to increase in the third quarter. But it’s too early for me to give you a forecast on that. But as to the lead-times reach a normal level, I think our customers would love if I could say right now, but the truth of the matter is, we do plan on continuing to put equipment in place for each of the quarters of 2010. And it’s really going to be a function of just how strong demand continues to be. If it keeps on coming in at the upper end of our forecast ranges, it will take us longer to get that lead-time cleared up. If it comes in around the midpoint or lower, we’ll clean it up sooner. And clearly it is in our interest to try to get it cleaned up as quickly as possible, and I’d like to say the 2010 numbers.
Kevin March: Look, I can give you a short answer and say I probably don’t know the answer to that question. But I would say that what we are seeing here is the results of economies are generally growing again and the consumers are beginning to spend again. We are seeing it in the automotive space. We are seeing the consumer space. We are seeing the industrial coming back. We know that inventories remain very lean, as we’ve been talking about. And it doesn’t appear to us that they are likely to become that cleared up, if you will, in the first half. So that would suggest that we will continue to see some interesting growth as to exactly what size – I don’t know how to forecast that for you right now.
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, I really don’t have comments on baseband pricing. Again, most of our pricing there tends to be driven more by longer-term contracts, but since most of our baseband revenue really goes to a single customer, it would be inappropriate for us to talk about pricing trend. With respect to analog, really no abnormal changes there. I think the analog pricing, in general, especially in the high performance area tends to be very stable. And in areas like HVAL where it may tend to trend down over time, it tends to trend down based upon longer-term pricing agreements, and those are well understood trends that we engineer for. If I can broaden that, the only area where we have seen pricing that moves more with the near-term market environment would be on the commodity areas. And we’ve set pricing last quarter so that pricing has trended up. And in fact, we saw that as well in the first quarter. Okay, Tristan. Thank you. And let’s move to the next caller please.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. Let me make a couple comments also just on what’s driving that DLP strength, because certain part of it is the year-ago effect of markets being weak in inventory. But actually inside of DLP, education is a very big market driver for our front projector products. And we are seeing a lot of strength now, especially for example in Asia, as schools and classrooms over there start deploying DLP projectors and the classrooms similar to what may a difficult year had done. And DLP has a very significant reliability advantage that makes it attractive to educational systems. The other thing that is more recently starting to play out is a differentiator for our DLP front projectors is they are 3D capable. And so you certainly know about 3D and the cinema, but actually educational systems are using a 3D capability to help students better visualize things that wouldn’t normally pop out in tech books or in 2D diagrams. And then certainly, you don’t have to look very far to realize how big 3D is with movie cinemas these days. And what I would just say is almost all of that is being done on TI-based DLP projectors. Okay Uche, thank you for your questions, and we’ll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, that’s going to be a functional demand I guess. Kevin would like to really forecast all the way out to the end of 2011 as to when each of those pieces of machines would be fully utilized, but they will certainly be ready to be fully utilized as we come out of this year and go into next year.
Ron Slaymaker: No, but I’ll get to somewhere between those two numbers. Sorry, I don’t have that data in front of me.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, probably this is real simple. The process is the same as it has been for the last few quarters now. And so we are looking very closely at each order coming in and making sure that we are meeting true demand, what the customer needs to keep their lines up.
Ron Slaymaker: We are clearly adding capacity. I think you saw, I believe it was in the release, every quarter of this year of – the starting point is production now for the first quarter is higher than it’s ever been and our capacity increases sequentially every quarter, as we move through 2010.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Tim, one thing I would just add is, there has been a whole lot normal about this downturn and the subsequent recovery that we’ve gone through. I mean, I think the last 18 months has been highly unusual. So I wouldn’t try to force it into any kind of normal pattern matching. And then I think the other comment I would make is if you look at our second quarter outlook of – the middle of the outlook really is pretty seasonal for TI in terms of the second quarter. So we don’t have an outlook that we are issuing for second half, but at least the next quarter we can affirm our belief that it should be seasonal, at least in the middle of that range. Okay, Tim, thank you. And for all of you, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
