Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.44 billion or 65.1% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased due to higher revenue and lower manufacturing cost. Gross profit margin increased by 250 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $795 million. Operating expenses on a trailing 12-month basis were up 3% and were 21.4% of revenue, within our range of expectations. For the year, we have invested $1.51 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $79 million, all of which was the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019 due to amortization of intangible. It will decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.56 million or 41.7% of revenue. Operating profit was up 17% from a year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 46.9% up from 43.2% a year ago and for a better processing, it was 34.3% up from 28.8% a year ago. Our focus investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enabled both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Other income and expense declined $176 million as we signed several intellectual property agreements in the year ago quarter that will not repeat or that did not repeat. Net income in the fourth quarter was $344 million or $0.34 per share, which included $0.75 in tax-related expenses not in a prior outlook as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.93 billion in the quarter, up 39% from a year ago. Capital expenditures were $231 million in the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we paid $611 million in dividends and repurchased $706 million of our stock for a total return of $1.32 billion in the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.47 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the quarter. We issued $500 million of debt in 10-year notes during the quarter. This leaves total debt of $4.1 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.05%. Inventory days were 134 up eight days from a year ago and within our expected range. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2017, cash flow from operations was $5.36 billion up 16% from the previous year. Capital expenditures were $695 million or 4.6% of revenue, consistent with our long-term expectations. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $4.67 billion or 31.2% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. We remain committed to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. Total cash returned to owners in 2017 was $4.66 billion. This combined returns of dividends and share repurchases demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return all free cash flow to our owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $2.10 billion in dividends or about 45% of free cash flow, evidence of their sustainability. Outstanding share count was reduced by 1.3% over the past 12 months and has been reduced by 43% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.49 billion to $3.79 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.01 to $1.17, which includes an estimated $30 million discrete tax benefit. In closing, I'll note that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance, from topline growth and margin expansion to free cash generation. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages to the disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products; analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me just add to that view, take a step back and think about on the sustainability question, the way we think about our markets, it starts with a global GDP growth, 3% to 4% or so and then semiconductors should grow on top of that 1% or 2%. Particularly, the markets that we focus, which are industrial automotive and that's because, that's where the semiconductor companies have been. And then on top of that, we've been gaining share in Analog and Embedded on a pretty consistent basis. So, you can think of another point or two on top of that for our long-term sustainable growth. Of course, any one quarter, even any one year, that can vary, but over the long haul, this is a great market to be in particularly industrial automotive, which is where we're focusing our investments, our efforts because that's what the semiconductor content growth is happening.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah Ross, what I would tell you is that first at a high level, OpEx to us is an investment, whether it's R&D or SG&A. In the case of R&D, obviously we're putting out more differentiated products, focused on industrial and automotive to strengthen our competitive advantages, in this case, the breadth of portfolio for us. In the case of SG&A, there are a lot of things there, but one thing that we've been focusing on is the migration and that strengthens another competitive advantage which is a channel advantage. So, we did that in 2017. Our OpEx was up about 3% and we're going to continue focusing our investments on that. On the second part of your question on tax reform, and by the way on that, let me step back for a second. As Dave said during the call, that is a great thing. We're very happy with tax reform. It's going to enable companies like TI, U.S.-based companies to compete more effective on a global basis. Now we are on an even playing field versus companies outside the United States. So that is great, but our long-term investment strategy remains unchanged. We're going to continue investing to strengthen our competitive advantages as we have talked about before and now with more cash, we're going to do that and then we're going to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company, which is our commitment as part of our capital management strategy and we have been talking about for a number of years.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, so let me step back and tell you how we think about our inventory overall. We want to maintain high levels of customer service; one, to minimize obsolescence, optimize manufacturing utilization and all these things vary depending on multiple factors. For example, consignment, we have many consignment engagements and in fact we want to continue increasing consignment engagement because we get -- we tend to get a better signal to consignment engagement. So, all that is good stuff. Also step back and think about our strategy focusing on diverse customers, focusing on diverse positions on industrial automotive where we design a part in industrial and that part may sell for 10, 20 even 30 years. So, the inventory is good for a long, long time. So, we don't have to worry about this obsolescence risk that maybe in the past we have the other types of focus that we had. So, in this particular case, in the fourth quarter inventory days ended up at 134, that's within our range and we had a chance to replenish some of our low-volume high mix stuff. So, we're going to -- we did some of that. In fact, we're going to continue doing that because over the long haul, as we would replenish that, we have inventory available to sell to those industrial and automotive customers and be able to keep those high level for customer service.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, what I would tell is inventory came in about as expected. And on the second part of your question, of course we don't get into that level of detail, but I would tell you that as I mentioned to the earlier caller, we want to have buffers of inventory, particularly when addressing the industrial market, but also the automotive market. It's a good thing to have to these buffers and we have many, many of our products are low-volume high mix and by the way those are products that last for -- we can keep them for 10 years in our shelves and then we sell them to our customers for 20 or 30 years. So, from a manufacturing standpoint, it makes sense to build them and keep them in storage and building them in batches and it's just a lot more efficient that way. So, we did that in fourth quarter and if depending on the market, we can now build some more in the first, second and third, we'll do that again.
Rafael Lizardi: The objective is the same. As far as the target, as we do every year, we look at our metrics for the capital management strategy and as you know, we have 10 or 12 metrics. So, we look at those and if we need to do tweak them, we tweak them. So, if February sticks with our call and we'll go to there and if we need to tweak some of those metrics including inventory, we will do that at that point.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, just to build on that, that is part of what's supporting the free cash flow grow that we're seeing. This year free cash flow growth was 14% on a per-share basis with 16%. Just to illustrate the strength of the business model with the competitive advantages, our focus on auto and industrial and analog and embedded.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah Stacy, first OpEx came in about as expected. That's a short answer to the first question. Then before I go to the second question, let me take a step back. I think I alluded to this earlier, but just to mention and again we see OpEx as investments right. Whether it's R&D or SG&N and those were up 3% for the year. So very reasonable given the growth that we're turning our key markets in analogue and embedded and industrial and automotive. So, we're getting the results that we want from those investments. And those investments go to strengthen our competitive advantages and in the case of R&D maybe the easiest thing to point out is the broad portfolio that continues to grow and strengthen. And in the case of SG&A the easiest one to point to is demand creation and everything that we're doing there. Going to the second part of your question on the first quarter, as you know we don't get into specific detail there. What I'll tell you that it's normal. People are still going to take less vacation in the first quarter than they do in fourth because of Christmas and Thanksgiving and other things and we still have pay and benefit increases in February. So, we expect about the same as we usually expect in that transition.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, let me start and then Dave will chime in on the rest of your question, but the buffer, this is nothing new. We've had about four, five, six years or so obviously depending on demand, strength of demand, it fluctuates. We were able to build or it would drain in the buffers. So that's what they are there for. At times, we drain them. And frankly off the top of my head, I couldn't tell you how much of the $1.9 billion and change is for the buffers, but the bigger point is why we have the buffers? We're focusing end markets but industrial is the best example. We have a lot of small customers across the world, in the middle of the U.S., in Shenzhen, in the middle of Germany. Small customers focused on 14 sectors, hundreds of end equipment. You couldn’t possibly build to order that stuff right, because if any one customer may order a few thousand pieces, so what you do is you build in, in bigger batches you store it and then you sell over time. And because the parts and just in our inventory last 10 years, then it's very affordable. It makes a lot of sense to do that and we do that with very low levels of scrap in any one quarter or any one year.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah and just to add a little bit to that, back on the way we look at inventory, think about improving manufacturing asset utilization. If you can improve and run the factories not completely level because you can never do that exactly like that, but fairly level that. It goes to a long way to improving your manufacturing processes, your yields, your cycle times and that just translates into lower cost, which gets what translates into more free cash flow and that goes to the strength of our business model how we generate all that free cash flow that we have been growing consistently for what now 13-14 years.
Dave Pahl: Yeah, so let me now try to forecast the year. I think as you said, upper single-digits is still strong growth. I think when we look at the macro environment, it overall seems constructive, continues to seem constructive for us. We did see changes in comps equipment. I wouldn't describe that as something that's necessarily a macro effect. It is just what it is that continues to be a choppy market for us, but a good market. It's a market that we continue to invest in and make money there for some time. So overall, I think we're positioned well and again I think that the overall environment in constructive.
Dave Pahl: Yeah Toshiya, let me start and then I'll hand it over to Rafael and I think when you look at inventory and I'll start with inventory, the channel it remains steady at about four weeks. I'll point out to those that aren't as familiar with us, that's structurally lower than many of our peers will run because of consignment program. So, you'll see that as a half to about a third as what many of our peers will run and we feel very comfortable at those types of levels. What we see down channel from customers is we'll depend on what type of arrangements we've got. If we've got a consignment program with them, we can see very into their manufacturing plans and their build plans because we own that material until they pull it, but really our visibility ends there meaning that when they -- if they're building inventory of if they're putting inventory down channel, we can't see that. But we see no indications of inventory that's building there overall. So, let me turn it over to Rafael about our inventory.
Dave Pahl: Yeah that's -- you're right in zip code Harlan and so we ran about 50% of that capacity in our 300-millimeter fabs which includes the Richardson fab and also DMOS6, so somewhere in the ZIP Code of about $4 billion of revenue and I think as we look at that and just to take a step back, manufacturing and technology is one of our four competitive advantages. 300 millimeter is probably one of the best examples that we can point to inside of that. And we have because of 300 millimeter, when you look at the number of dies, we produce on that versus 200 millimeter, we just have a structural cost advantage on every wafer that we build and every dollar of revenue we put through there. So that's the benefit that has -- we've accrued over the years and have increased that. But the great news is we continue to have a lot of -- a lot of headway, a lot of runway ahead of us. So…
Dave Pahl: Maybe more of the latter. I'd just say, when you look at the numbers Chris, really from the topline growth down to free cash flow generation, you just see the strength in the business model right. We've got -- we've been investing in analog and embedded. They represent 90% of our revenue. They go through 16% year-on-year. Industrial and automotive make up 54% of that. So, we won't control the short-term demand. It is what it is, but when you look at those numbers overall, I think at least when we look at it, we think -- we think they look pretty solid. So, thank you and we'll go to our next caller please.
Dave Pahl: I'll just add, I think when you look we're doing that Stacey, so that our lead time is going to remain stable and then probably coupled with that is we focus on making sure that we've got very high customer service metrics. So, when we say, we were going to ship something that we actually ship it on that date to customers. And those two things combined are what gives customers confidence that they can get the products that they need from us. So, we spent a lot of time and that's maybe just a highlight that that's one of the initiatives that we've had at our company as we looked at having more analog, more embedded products, more industrial and automotive, we knew we needed to ensure that we put in place the capabilities to be able to service customers of any size and have those types of metrics.
Dave Pahl: Thank you all for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our Capital Management Call on February 6 at 10:00 AM Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
