Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.26 billion or 62.9% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 170 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $803 million, down about 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 20.7% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.56 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long term. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $79 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of this year, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.38 billion or 38.4% of revenue. Operating profit was down 11% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 43.2%, down from 45.4% a year ago and for embedded processing was 31.3%, down from 35.4% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Net income in the first quarter was $1.22 billion, or $1.26 per share, which included a $0.04 discrete tax benefit not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.11 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $251 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.99 billion. In the first quarter, we paid $724 million in dividends and repurchased $1.15 billion of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.88 billion. In total, we have returned $8.05 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 45% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.09 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt is $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.91%. Inventory days were 144, up eight days from a year ago and down eight days sequentially. We are pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs with our distributors. Work in both of these areas will continue in the second quarter. We believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory and will manage it with our long-term objectives in mind. Next, as we mentioned earlier, we want to update you on our next 300 millimeter wafer fab. As you may have seen, we have chosen Richardson, Texas, as the site for our next wafer fab. The new building will be on our existing site in Richardson. We have not announced a specific construction timetable yet, but as we indicated during the February Capital Management call, we would expect to get started in the next few years. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.46 billion to $3.74 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.12 to $1.32, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% in 2019. In closing, as we said last quarter, we believe that after 10 quarters of year-on-year growth, the weakness we are seeing is primarily due to the semiconductor cycle. We have just completed our second quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. If you look at history, cycles are always different, but typically the industry would have four to five quarters of year-on-year declines before year-on-year growth resumes. We are not trying to forecast the cycle, but simply offer some historical perspective. Given our experience, we will stay focused on making TI stronger for the long term, while remaining diligent in the short term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me try to frame that for you a little bit. Over the last couple of quarters, we have talked about how we are going to decrease our wafer starts to adjust to the expectations of revenue, while at the same time we are going to increase the portion or a dedicate portion of those wafers to building our low-volume industrial consignment or industrial buffer parts, and also the transition to consignment. So, we did those things and our operating plan did reduce, and we did take a hit to gross margins in that process, and that's what you are seeing in our P&L. Now what I would sort of take you back to is look at it from a free cash flow standpoint, because ultimately that's what matters, right. What you are seeing from a utilization charges standpoint is a non-cash expense. At the end of the day, what we are focused on is allocating capital and allocating cash, right. So, by decreasing those wafer starts, what we did was dedicating less cash to that. So in fact, leaving out more cash for the owners of the company, but generating enough inventory or the right amount of inventory to be prepared for the revenue that we want to meet in the future, and also to build those buffer inventory stocks so that we are prepared for future quarters and have the ability to meet customer expectations and customer satisfaction, which ultimately is what we are trying to do with that inventory so that it helps us position ourselves to meet those customer demands and help with our goal of continuing to grow the topline for a long time to come. 
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Last quarter we characterized that, because it was more relevant at the time given the inflection point on our revenue. Now that the midpoint of our revenue is about the same as the first quarter, I think it's time to just not focus on that and focus on the other things that we think are more important longer term, which is our ability to continue to grow the topline as we focus on analog and embedded industrial automotive. And with that as we focus on growing free cash flow for the long-term, as Dave mentioned earlier and we mentioned during the call, despite the drop in gross margin and the drop in utilization, our free cash flow on the trailing 12-months was essentially unchanged from 90 days ago. And as a percent of revenue, it was 38.4%, right.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. A couple of things on that. Recently, in this last quarter, we did have a decrease inside of that business within our DLP business but a lot of that was due to this consignment transition that we have talked about. So that's part of what drove the short-term and also maybe some of what the margin issue that you are attributing to. I would also remind you that some of the acquisition charges for example, restructuring charges, that's all in that other piece. Remember, especially on the acquisition charge, that's non-cash. So elsewhere that represents cash that went out the door about eight years ago. So you adjust for that. That maybe gives you a better picture. And lastly, we do have the customized piece there, couple of hundred million still left per year there and over the next two, three, four years that will trend to zero. The rest of the business should be fairly steady and inside of other.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. Thanks Dave. Let me finish with a few comments on key items for you to remember. First, as we mentioned last quarter, we will stay focused on what will make us stronger long term and diligent in the short term. Second, we will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products and industrial and automotive, the best markets. And third, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Well, I would say that orders behaved normally in the quarter. And again, two-thirds of our revenue is coming through on consignment. So, we will get an order when that product is due to ship and that happens instantaneously. So, orders are probably less of the strongest signal that we will get versus those demand signals that we get from orders. So, thank you, Vivek. And we will go to next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So I would say, first, if you look over, and you know this very well, John, if you look over 10, 15, 25 years of the comms equipment market, that business is lumpy. It's lumpy because of the way that operators put out tenders and place the orders and the OEMs, our customers, have to build to those. So history just says that you should be mindful of that and that doesn't make it a bad business. It's just an attribute of it. And so, I think in the second quarter, I would remind you that we just completed the second quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. It's not likely that cycles, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, can last four or five quarters. Sometimes, they can be shorter and sometimes they can be longer than that, but we are two quarters into that. And per our practice, if there was something significant or unusual going on in our guidance, either by end-markets or a particular customer, we would make those things clear to help you understand it. So, okay. Thank you, John. We will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So I would say that the upside that we saw was almost all from comms. I think that the rest of the markets and businesses, if you looked at it from that way, performed about as we expected. And the comments on what the future of that looks like, I would just go back to the statements that we made before and just staring at history of that market it tends to be choppy. So would we expect it to be choppy in the future? We would. That's not a comment on second quarter or third or fourth. It's just the comment of looking at history that that market just tends to be choppy. So okay. Thank you Stacy. We will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So that you can think of the largest manufacturers of communications equipment, we try not to go by customer of who those are. But there are only a couple of regions in which they exist. And so you can imagine that you can connect those two pieces of information together. So hopefully that helps. Thank you Mark. We will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Well again, I think that overall our revenue came within the range of our expected guidance. It was in the upper half primarily because of the strength that we saw in comms equipment.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And the other comment that I would make, Chris, you can see the seasonality of calculator not only in the revenues but you can see it in the operating margin. So almost all of those revenues come for back to school. So we will see that at the end of the second quarter and the beginning of third. But obviously, the expenses for that business carry out throughout the whole year. So always you will see because that revenue comes in, in that short period of time, the operating margins in those two quarters look much nicer. And the last comment I will make and we kind of joke about, we should have come up with a more creative name for other, like other good stuff or something like that. So those businesses generate lots of cash for us. And they don't take a lot of resources to maintain them. So that's why they remain in the family. So with that, I think we have got time for one more caller.
Dave Pahl: Generally our lead times have remained stable. Even through the period of very strong demand, our lead times had remained stable. I think that you can always find pockets just as you can today where we will work with customers very aggressively to close. And I think another important metric that we track, Joe, is on time delivery and those have remained very, very high. Other customer service metrics remained very high. So meaning that, if someone does come and order products at lead time, are we shipping them to the commitments that we have got and those remained high through that whole cycle. And some of the things that we are doing like building inventory of low volume parts during this peak period of weaker demand, we are doing that to ensure that we can continue to deliver product consistently to customers. That's really what's driving that. That and the visibility that we get through programs like consignment, kind of a combination of those things, we are actually doing other things around inventory positions and order entry and we have summarized that as really the belief that their strategic value in owning and controlling that inventory and keeping it on our balance sheet. So with that, I will turn it over to Rafael to wrap things up for us.
