Kevin March: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $1.82 billion or 57.7% of revenue. Gross profit increased 13% from a year-ago quarter and gross profit was up almost 4 points. Gross profit reflects higher revenue, increased factory load-ins and benefits from our efficient manufacturing strategy as we built more analog chips on 300 millimeter wafers. Moving to operating expenses, combined R&D and SG&A expense of $777 million were down $68 million from a year ago. The decline primarily reflects the targeted reductions in embedded processing in Japan that were previously announced. As we said that restructuring was essentially complete at the end of last year. Acquisition charges were $83 million almost all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles which is non-cash expense. Operating profit was $958 million or 30.4% of revenue. Operating profit was up 39% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 35.4%. Operating margin for embedded processing was 18.3% more than doubling from a year ago as we executed our restructuring plan to better align resources with the opportunities that we are pursuing as we benefit from our investments for growth. Net income in the first quarter was $656 million or $0.61 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Flow from operations was $609 million in the quarter. Inventory days were 124 about three days more than planned due to revenue coming in at the bottom half of our expectations. Capital expenditures were $123 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12 months basis, cash flow from operations was $4.04 billion, up 16% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12 months capital expenditures were $431 million or 3% of revenue. As a reminder, our long term expectation is for capital expenditures to be about 4% of revenue, which includes our $8 billion, 300 millimeter analog plan discussed in our recent capital management call. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.61 billion or 27% of revenue. Free cash flow was 17% higher than a year ago. As we've said, we believe free cash flow growth especially on a per-share basis is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is returned to shareholders or protectively reinvested in the business. As we've noted our intent is to return 100% of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation, minus net debt retirement. In the first quarter, TI paid $356 million in dividends and repurchased $670 million of our stock, for a total return of $1.03 billion. Total cash returned in past 12 months was $4.14 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 3.2% over the past 12 months and by 39% since the beginning of 2005. These returns demonstrate our confidence in TI's business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the first quarter with $3.30 billion of cash in short term investments. TI's U.S. entities owned 82% of our cash. Because our cash is largely onshore, it is readily available for a variety of uses including paying dividends and repurchasing our stock. TI orders in the quarter were $3.21 billion, up 5% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.12 billion to $3.38 billion in the second quarter. This represents continuing weakness in our communications equipment and personal electronics markets particularly for wireless infrastructure equipment and PCs respectively. We also do not expect a near term rebound in foreign currency exchange rates. We expect second quarter earnings per share to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.70. Acquisition charges which are our non-cash amortization charges will remain about even and hold at about $80 million to $85 million per quarter for the next five years. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2015 remains about 30% and this is the tax rate you should use for the second quarter and for the year. In summary, we believe that the first quarter demonstrated the strength of TI's business model. While we're not immune to demand in currency changes, their affects are soften by the diversity of our portfolio in our markets. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Kevin March: We’re as you know we’ve been pretty guarded at trying to predict the cycle it’s not something obviously that we can control. We really just go to what we can look and what we can measure. So, as you kind of tick through the things that you typically look at from a cyclical standpoint, we look at channel inventories are down a week from a year ago they’re laying at just under 4.5 weeks. Lead time are remaining consistent our cancellations and rescheduled are very low. In addition we’re continuing to deliver on time and very consistently with that. So we’ve got a couple of pockets of weaker than expected demands as we talked about specifically in wireless infrastructure and PCs. At the same time we’re seeing automotive and industrial continuing to be as strong as we expect. So that’s what we know, that’s what we can see, the debates will continue on how cyclical our industry will be and won’t be.
Kevin March: Jim, I’ll just say that like you are hinting to its very broad based, so we service over 100,000 customers most of those will reside in industrial. And again I think it’s probably helpful for me to just go through and when we say industrial it means something different than I think, the investment definition of industrial. So, it will include things like factory automation and control and medical, healthcare, fitness products building automations, smart grid, energy test equipment, motor drives, display, space avionics, appliances and other segments, so again very-very broad. Of course we’ll always see pockets of strength and weaknesses but overall that industrial is doing well we’ve seen growth in almost all those sectors that I’ve described.
Kevin March: And I will just add to that like we saw in the first quarter where we had an impact of about $20 million, because of natural hedging we’ve got the impact to operating profit and free cash flow is really only about $5 million. So, fairly small on that front. Okay, thanks Chris and we’ll move on to the next caller please.
Kevin March: Yes, I think just 1Q to 2Q, I think is what you’re trying to ask whether John, the average ROE that we experienced on our billions in 1Q was about -- for the euro was about 1.13 and for planning purposes we’re using 1.06 going into 2Q. This it is going to be little bit of a just a quarter-over-quarter ROE impact, just from that standpoint as it relates to the euro. Right now we’re anticipating it again to be pretty flat. 
Kevin March: Stacy, OpEx was up about as expected both quarter the first quarter and recall that, in the fourth quarter we typically down a bit on OpEx because of seasonality for holidays and so on. In the absence of those seasonality -- those holidays in the first quarter along with our annual pay and benefit increases; traditionally drives are OpEx up quarter over quarter. Those pay and benefit increases kick it in February so it’s really only two months’ worth inside the OpEx in first quarter. So we'll have the full three months, so you see a just very slight increase going to the second quarter.
Kevin March: Yes Stacy, we've talked about that. But there is no way for us to really point to some and demonstrate evidence that that's actually have occurring. Given the entire industry tends to price in dollars for the [indiscernible] of what’s being shipped, it does not allow us other alternatives it would seem for customers from the demand standpoint. But that's not to say that might not be a second order knock on affect like what you’re alluding to and we just don’t see any way that we can quantify that with any confidence.
Kevin March: No. We saw cancellations continue to run very-very low as we’ve seen for a number of quarters now and same is true of reschedules too by the way also very-very low. So no patterns indicating change of demand there.
Kevin March: Yeah, Tim. We are going to use 2015 the really kind of monitor the effect of all the changes we've been doing with the portfolio and with our operations to model what we think is a more appropriate overall level of average inventories to carry. What we did conclude was that the prior model which had worked for us quite well of a 105 to 115 days was appropriate giving the mix that we had, but clearly as we moved to more and more consignment, as we move to keeping lead times of very short across the vast abundance of our portfolio, I think faced with that we got to carry more inventory than we have in the past. And so we’ll be using 2015 to run various test on what the appropriate levels of inventories are to meet the service metrics that our customers have come to expect of us and then probably by the time we get to early next year when we do our capital management update we’ll go ahead and appoint a new model at that point in time.
Kevin March: So I will go ahead and just I think Dave attempted last time, I will give the try. There are several moving parts going on there when we look at 2Q and that compares on a year-over-year basis. So just the ROE alone impacts us about $50 million from a year-over-year compare for growth rate. Then you go beyond that and you've got continuing weakness and wireless infrastructure and PC's and you've also got the absence of the benefit the DLP had a year ago which was meaningful due to the World Cup and other large sporting events. In fact we saw some of that impact of DLP already begin to occur in the first quarter, as we mentioned DLP was down quite a bit in first quarter. So you got those kinds of headwinds, ROE, wireless infrastructure, PC and DLP and then we've got the rest of the portfolio basically doing fine, because it’s simple with what we’re been seeing in the economies for the last few quarters.
Kevin March: Yeah our M&A posture haven’t changed at all. That meaning that most important thing is that to the extent that we considered an acquisition is got to be something that fits into our strategy that's consistent with our portfolio interest and something that we can generate long-term returns on therefore access free cash flow for our shareholders. If it kind of passes the strategy test then it's got to pass the numbers test. And frankly we have a hard time with many of the companies that are out there today making those kind of numbers work. Contrast that to when we bought National back in 2011, at a time when all some [indiscernible] stock prices were considerably lower and you can certainly see in retrospect that was a very good return for our shareholders. So we tend to be very disciplined on that. We’ll continue to be disciplined on that. Buying back our own shares right now especially as long as they trade below the intrinsic value of the Company is that also it continues to be a good return for our shareholders especially from a free cash flow perspective.
Kevin March: Ambrish, I had some clever insight on that but I am afraid I don't, just from an experience standpoint, I actually do not recall that my experience in this capacity and I've been in this role for a very long time now, seeing currency drop this sharply in this short of period of time. So I have not history from which to trying to get a reference point to answer your question like that. I think we're just all going to have to wait and see where this takes us. I think the encouraging part is especially in industrial and automotive is that the silicon content going in those spaces continues to increase year-over-year and so despite ROE impacts, I don't think that’s going to slowdown the silicon content increases in those spaces. And frankly, if you look at the pricing of those and equipment’s, the cost of a $0.50 analog chip going into $0.55 is pretty irrelevant to an automotive customer I think. So if you look at the more macro effect and especially where we see growth someone out there in auto and industrial, it doesn't seem likely that we would see a sharp impact in demand caused just because of ROE. There may be other factors that may lead to that kind of difference.
Kevin March: That's a safe way to think about it, Ambrish. There is mix going on inside there but clearly we continue to ramp up 300 millimeter which is much more cost effective for us and so in balance we don’t' expect much change in margins.
Kevin March: Doug, on the utilization, we typically would just talk about that as something drastic has occurred so I won’t go into that right now. I will remind that you on a capital management call, I did discuss for RFAB in particular that we have the majority of the equipment necessary to support the build-out of that factory to a $5 billion revenue level and that into 2014 we had achieved about $2 billion worth of build for revenues in support of that. So call that roughly 40% utilized, but at the same time we're also converting DMOS6 from its exclusive use by embedded processing to also be able to be used by analog, metal add another $3 billion of 300 millimeter analog capacity in DMOS6. So you could say in a sense that our utilization of 300 millimeter may actually decline, but that's not because of loading, that's because of increase in our capacity.
Kevin March: No Doug, factory consolidation isn’t on our radar. What we're really interested in is very inexpensive factory acquisition with extremely low carrying cost that allows us to grow into it in a very efficient manner. As we've been talking about analog and a better processing combined for an extended period of time now, have been growing at about 9% compound annual growth rate. In fact even combined for this 1Q that we just closed out they grew another on 9% year-over-year. So they continue to grow quite healthy, I would expect that as we move forward in time we’ll look at those factories that provide us the best cost efficiency and cash flow delivery and keep those operating in load and those that probably going to be biased in our note age towards 300 millimeter.
Kevin March: Blayne, I’ll just take that. We’ll go ahead and forecast the balance of the year in front of each quarter when we get there. So we could just give you a guide, one quarter at a time. Obviously, I think you guys are probably better equipped than we are to come up with analysis to help figure out what the year might be and we’ll just leave it at that.
Dave Pahl: I might just add that we do have several significant competitive advantages. The combination of which we believe is pretty difficult for anybody else to replicate and it helps us deal with any notion of cyclicality or non-cyclicality. And those advantages include that we’ve got the broadest portfolio in the industry. This really means the engineers start their design work by looking at us first. We enjoy very low cost of manufacturing for all the reasons that you’ve heard us talk about for last few years including our 300 millimeter wafer fabs. We have the broadest sales channel in fact probably two to four times larger than our nearest competitor. And we play in an extremely diverse set of markets with long-lived products that enjoy a significant cash returns to our shareholders for long time. So we think that what’s really important to deal with whatever really happened in market cycles and just really make sure that we’re a lot more competitively advantages than anybody else.
Dave Pahl: Chris, I’d say that we probably don’t have enough detail to tell you whether wireless infrastructure or PC which is going to be of a drag, we just don’t expecting them to be recovering in the second quarter. As it relates to ROE recently with -- if you take a look at the just the euro alone versus a year ago it’s down 23%. The yen is down 14%. We roughly average about 5% of our revenue in euros and around 3% in yen. So clearly with that weakness on a year-over-year compare that’s going to continue to be an issue that’s going to just affect that kind of math. It doesn’t affect our ability to sell in those markets. We continue to make very competitive in those spaces and we enjoy on the design wins. But unless the ROE moves back and dollars weaken than certainly with that kind of dramatic decline in those two major currencies that will be at least on the fringes a year-over-year compare headwind for us. 
Dave Pahl: John let me, I’ll take the first part of the question and Kevin can add in if he like to. The first, if you look at our PC revenues as a percentage of our total is around 4% if you were to include hard drives into that that will add a few points, so you will be just under 10% in upper single digits. If you look at wireless infrastructure last year it was about 10% of our revenue so obviously combined there you’re in the mid-teen. So that will give you an idea of what that impact is. Again as Kevin kind of walked through the math of like the euros an example, last year 18% of our revenue was down in Europe about a third of that so 5% to 6% is transacted in euro and again sequentially, Kevin if you have any additional comments on the impact of the euro.
Dave Pahl: Yes, we don’t believe that is a factor John. I think if you look at the impact that wireless infrastructure has, we sell more analog product than we do embedded or the custom ASIC products. So it actually hit both analog, embedded and other. Of course you can see the impact more significantly in embedded and other because it’s a higher percentage of that revenue. But again we’ve got a good position really across to most of the major OEMs there and so what we’re seeing is really a change in chips and demand. Thanks John. And we’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: And there are always pluses and minuses with currency movements, it's really impossible for us to quantify them.
Dave Pahl: Harlan, yes, we'll be lightening up the wafer starts in 2Q. I would caution you though that pulling back on the wafer starts doesn’t necessarily mean that that will have a direct impact on our inventory. As the work in process in 1Q will become finished goods in 2Q, so we would expect our inventory to probably still go up a bit in 2Q, even though we pull back on wafer starts a little bit.
Dave Pahl: It's correct. It was impacted by the wireless infrastructure and in fact if you look at the businesses inside of embedded we had good growth in microcontrollers and connectivity both. But processors were down for the exact reason that you identified now.  Okay, thank you, we'll go to next caller please.
Dave Pahl: I think, I'll add just offer on that Ross, is that on year-over-year basis bookings were up by 5%. 60% of our revenue does go through [DSP], so clearly we're seeing one of the bookings coming to the [DSP] channel. The inventory levels are carrying over one and half weeks, just down about a week from a year ago, so they continue to carry lean levels of inventory. And I think largely that's because, they know that we carry Inventory and consignment and we also maintain very short lead times since we have for number of years now and so we get inventory quickly is pretty reliable for them when they order with us. So, I don't -- from those kinds of elements inside that space there is no rule again signs that we can looks at that says, there is demand destruction going on because of ROE, they really can’t [indiscernible] there.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Again I think that when we look at those markets they’re very long tailed in product cycles. We continue to make investments, they are just not at the same rates that we were making five and 10 years ago and that's not unlike what we've done in other markets as they’ve began to mature. So there is other areas of wireless infrastructure that looks like it will be very promising growth, like small cells and we continue to invest very -- at a very high levels there while we have very little revenue today so we would just believe that we've got to throttle that investment based on the opportunity overall. So, thanks for that question and will go to the next caller.
Dave Pahl: And I just add to that if you look at the growth rates in time just look at what’s happened in second quarter, the overall numbers are very strong, I mean if you look at our gross margins, you look at where our OpEx levels are, our operating margins with that 9% analog and embedded processing growth this quarter we turned in 27% free cash flow. So, our financial performance isn’t predicated on having to hit a certain growth level we can do very well in a low growth environment or if things pick up we can, we are in a good position to build to support that as well. So thank you Doug and we’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Okay, and that we are now out of time. So I’d like to thank you all for joining us today. And a replay of this call is available on our Web site. Good evening.
