Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $4.9 billion, up 14% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.4 billion or 70% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 500 basis points. As a reminder, we had about $50 million of additional utility expenses in cost of revenue related to the winter storm in the year ago quarter. Operating expenses in the quarter were $830 million, about flat from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.2 billion or 17% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $66 million in the first quarter and are associated with the LFAB purchase we closed in October of last year. Operating profit was $2.6 billion in the quarter or 52% of revenue. Operating profit was up 32% from the year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $2.2 billion or $2.35 per share, which included a $0.02 benefit that was not in our prior outlook. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations were $2.1 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $443 million in the quarter and $2.6 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $6.5 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $589 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $5 billion in the past 12 months. Over the same period, our dividend represented 62% of free cash flow. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.8 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt outstanding was $7.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%. Inventory dollars were up $150 million from the prior quarter to $2.1 billion and days were 127, up 11 days sequentially but still below the higher levels. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.8 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.84 to $2.26. This outlook comprehends an impact due to reduced demand from COVID-19 restrictions in China, which are affecting our customers' manufacturing operations. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate for 2022 to be about 14% and our effective tax rate to be about a point lower. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Stacy, our sense this is primarily due to issues with our operations that our customers factories. And it is not related to shipping direct or to distribution or anything of that sort.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. So a couple of things in that question. Let me try to address most of them. We, our factories are running at high levels of utilization as they have been over the last couple of years really. We've continue -- in fact, we continue adding incremental capacity, as we have said we would. And the next step beyond incremental will be one RFAB2 starts production in the second half of the year and then LFAB in the first quarter of next year of 2023, well, the thing that we're breaking ground later this year for the Sherman factory.  So, we're going to continue running our production high. We are going to build inventory, inventory did build about $150 million in this last quarter we just reported, but we're still below desired level. So, our intent is to continue building that inventory that is -- our objective inventory, as you know, is to maintain high levels of customer service and roughly our target is 130 to 190 days, but we want to be at the high end of that, and we would not be uncomfortable even above the high end of that range.
Rafael Lizardi: So yes, no, that's a fair question, and that's already embedded in our process to the extent that, that is doable. We are – our process allow for that redirecting of inventory. But keep in mind, we're talking about 100,000 different parts -- 100,000 different customers, 80,000 different parts, so it never quite fits in a perfect situation where the access in one place can go to the other players in Italy, right? And then the other thing I would tell you, just like Dave stressed a couple of times, this is a tub-down estimate assessment on that adjustment, it’s not meant to imply precision.
Rafael Lizardi: So Ross, you've known us for a long time and you know how we think about cash return, but just for everybody else, we talked about this in capital management every quarter, our objective when it comes to cash returns to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through dividends and repurchases. And we've been really consistent in how we do that and we have a really good track record. So we have done that and are committed to continuing to do that.
Rafael Lizardi: So I'll start. First, I want to maybe adjust what your premise a little bit. We are still seeing some experts. But as Dave mentioned a couple of times, customers continue to be selective in how they're expedited. So they're continuing to focus on the match set, okay? So it's not just expedite across the board. Second, specifically on what you said on the second part of your question, what we're seeing is primarily based on the how our customers' manufacturing and operation is -- are being affected in China.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So, a couple of things. First, on the input cost side of veins, part of our -- one of our competitive advantages is manufacturing and technology, we own the vast majority of our manufacturing. In fact, on the front end, over 80%, and our goal is to grow that to 90% over the coming years. So, that puts us in a really good situation to not be beholden to the mercy of what those foundries or subcons do in terms of pricing, right? So, we have a much better way to handle those input costs. So, that's on the input cost side of things. On the pricing in general, we are pricing with our customers. Our process on that has not changed. Our process is to price to market. And as prices have moved up over the last two or three quarters, and that certainly did happen in first quarter, we have moved our prices as well, and growth in first quarter did benefit from the pricing tailwind.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I know maybe it's on site is fine, but I'll just repeat what we said before. This is a top-level assessment. That doesn’t meant to imply precision -- in fact, just like as we said earlier, we even widened the range to reflect that higher uncertainty. So, time will tell. And when we report 90 days from now, we'll see what things land.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me just add to that. And Tim, if I understood your question correctly, if you're asking tactically of whether the customers -- where is the bottleneck for the customers in China not being able to run their operations. We're seeing cases where factories are shutdown, and they just will not accept -- they cannot accept deliveries. In other cases, the freight forwarders will not take our parts from our distribution centers to ship them to the factories in China, particular in the Shanghai area because those are shutdown. So tactically, that is what's keeping the primary reason but we took this adjustment because that's keeping our parts from being delivered to…
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah. The other thing I would add is, as we have seen in other cases during the entire pandemic, but being able to ship direct and have the direct relationship with customers, it's just a huge advantage, especially when you face these type of challenges just not having an intermediary that, kind of, frankly, most of the time gets in the way, and it's not optimal for your relationship with the customer, but also there's the tactical operational delivery of products. So whether it's ti.com or non-ti.com legacy shipments are going direct, it's a huge benefit, being able to do that, now close to 70% of our revenues directly.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So a couple of angles on your question. First, no changes to our plans. These are long-term plans. So our -- in terms of CapEx. So our $2.5 billion per year for the next four years that is intact. We're very excited about those. I'm very excited about those. We are -- RFAB2 will ramp production in the second half of this year. Lehi will qualify and ramp production in the first quarter of next year. In just a matter of weeks or a month or so, we're going to break ground in Sherman. So that's all very exciting and that is not changing. Maybe the first part of your question, on the CapEx, short term, just keep in mind that the fourth quarter CapEx had the Lehi numbers there. So that's why that number was higher and now you're seeing that number come down in first quarter. That's just, you had about $800 million -- close to $900 million worth of CapEx. But our plans, the $2.5 billion run rate per year for 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, of course, that's just an average. But that is still -- that is in place, and we're very excited about that.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Our focus is not on managing gross margins. Our focus has been and will continue to be on growing free cash flow per share for the long term. So gross margin will be what it will be, but we'll continue to make our investments on CapEx to support our revenue plans and generate long-term growth of free cash flow.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. So let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously at our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we'll continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we're personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Dave Pahl: Yes. The quarter came in, I'd say about what we expected. We were just slightly above the top end of our range overall. The quarter was driven by the industrial and automotive markets. We did see a strong growth in enterprise systems, as we had talked about. That was primarily from data center and enterprise computing. Now, that's a small part of our revenue, but you saw it grow strongly last quarter. And as you look over the coming years, that probably will continue to be a strong grower, but it's just not a very large portion of our revenue. So we continue to be pleased with the growth that we're seeing in industrial and automotive. That -- when you zoom out for a second, that is where the strategic focus has been for the company. And so, we're pleased to see that turn in to grow longer term. So, thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. And Tim, I think we've talked about now for a couple of quarters that we've observed behavior where customers' behavior really shifted to focusing on those match sets. And as we've talked about, that can be symptomatic of growing customer inventory that's just not a mix, right? So -- and with that, we've got tens of thousands of products that are immediately available on ti.com. So, they can get more product if they wanted and if they're indiscriminate of the types of products that they need. But increasingly, they're trying to find those match sets to complete those bills. Whether that's our product. In some cases, a lot of times, it's our peers products in the industry, and sometimes it's maybe not even a semiconductor product that that they need to complete their system to get it out the door. So yeah, so just to say just because you have a product sitting there, customers just indiscriminately aren't taking product overall.
Dave Pahl: Or you run staff or other reasons are going on that's reducing that demand. Okay. Thank you, Tim. We’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. I would say that in the quarter, as we described the environment in first quarter, we would describe it as similar to what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And just order rates and cancellation -- order rates remain strong, cancellations, reschedules and those things that customer behavior is consistent. Those things are low and consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of quarters, and that's across those different channels and inputs.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So just to explain that. Customers that where their operations are being impacted, they would still like that product. And so they are not canceling those orders, they'd still like to be in line and get that product as soon as they can take it. So that's what they're communicating to us from that. So that's why we're not -- that's not showing up as a cancellation though we are seeing the demand being impacted at this point.
Dave Pahl: Well, yeah, the cancellations, as we look at them, are the cancellations that we would receive in a quarter it could, of course, be for demand that might be outside of either in the current quarter or even a longer period of time, if a cancellation comes in, right? A customer could say they want to cancel an order for next week and also for six months out as well. So -- but if they canceled it, we record it as a cancellation in the quarter that we received the cancellation, so.
