David Pahl: Thank you and good afternoon. And thank you for joining our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI’s Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI’s most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I’ll start with a quick summary. Revenue and earnings per share for the quarter were slightly above our expected range. Compared with a year ago, demand for our products continued to be strong in the automotive market and strengthened in the industrial market. Demand in the personal electronics market was about even from a year ago. In our core businesses, Embedded Processing revenue grew 10% and Analog revenue grew 6% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.94. With that backdrop, Kevin and I will move on to the details of our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the third quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $3.9 billion, up 8% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 29.5% of revenue, up from 27.5% a year ago. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output and the opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. Also today, we announced a 32% dividend increase that Kevin will provide more detail on in a moment. From a year ago, Analog revenue grew 6% due to High Performance Analog, Silicon Valley Analog and Power Management. High Volume Analog & Logic was about even. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 10% from a year ago due to growth in all three product lines, led by Processors. In our Other segment, revenue grew 7% from a year ago primarily due to calculators and DLP products, and was partially offset by a decrease in royalties and custom ASIC products. Now I’ll provide some insight into this quarter’s revenue performance by end markets versus a year-ago. Automotive demand remained strong, with most sectors growing double digits. Industrial demand improved and had broad-based growth, with most sectors growing. Personal electronics was about even despite continued year-over-year decline in demand from one customer. This decline was offset by growth elsewhere. Communications equipment grew from a year ago and was even sequentially. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. We continue to focus on making our Company stronger through manufacturing and technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels, and our diverse and long-lived positions. These four attributes, taken together, are at the core of what puts TI in a unique class of companies capable of long-term free cash flow growth. Kevin will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
David Pahl: Thanks, Kevin. Operator, you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator.
David Pahl: Yes. I think if you look at the midpoint of the guidance C.J., it would suggest a year-on-year growth of about 3%. So I think in general, we just believe that’s just very consistent with the modest overall macro environment. And that’s really kind of been the case for the last few years. So our view really remains that we’re in the slow growth economic environment. We don’t really see any catalyst that’s really going to change that one direction or the other any time soon. So thank you. We’ll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Sure yes, so we have - we’ve got five sectors that make up the automotive market for us that we look at their infotainment, safety, Advanced Driver Assistance Systems or ADAS, Body Electronics and Lighting and then power train systems, which include hybrid and electric systems. And we have a very intentional focus to invest across all of those five sectors. We’re seeing that in the results with revenues and most of those sectors growing double digits and we have an approach inside of Automotive that is similar really across their other markets where we look to leverage our four competitive advantages and I think that that’s helping to turn in those results. So we are favoring what I would say a catalog and application specific solutions. I wouldn’t put that into the category of full turnkey system level solutions where we’re doing what we would consider to be the work that our customers do. So we are providing them. Building blocks that have different levels of integration but we’re not looking to provide a full ADAS system as an example. So will enable those systems and I think that that’s pretty consistent with what you see across all the markets and sectors that that we serve, so. Okay. Thanks Joe and we’ll go to next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. I think as we talked about last quarter we did see an improvement in industrial demand it actually had been flat for several quarters year-on-year, so we were encouraged by that. This quarter we’ve built on that a little bit and like last quarter it was very, very broad-based. I won’t try to go in and try to predict how long that will last or carryforward, but I definitely would say that we were encouraged as we saw most of those sectors growing. Yes, follow-on Chris.
David Pahl: Yes. So if we look into the distribution channel inventory is actually decreased by about a half a week and it’s currently very, very low levels at about four weeks and that’s pretty similar to what we saw a year-ago. So again, we just we believe that that inventory level just reflects an environment of really good product availability and we’ve got you know good inventories on our books available to be able to ship. We continue to have very stable lead times and those things kind of taken together just drive very high customer service metrics. So customers in general are getting products when they want to have them. So and I’ll just make the reminder too that four weeks of inventory is just structurally lower because of the consignment programs that we have at our major distributors. So thank you Chris and we’ll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. So our relationship with distributors have been evolving and always evolving like any healthy business relationships of all, but especially as the reach of our channel advantages continues to strengthen. So you know you’ve heard Kevin and I both mention our four competitive advantages and certainly the reach of our channel is one of them. And so that includes both the size and the skill of our direct sales and applications teams, but it also includes the growing capabilities of the web and TI.com. So as an example three years ago we discontinued our incentive programs for demand creation on accounts that represented about 80% of the TAM where we had resources calling on those accounts directly. We made that that change because our team is just more effective and efficient at and demand creation and this is played out as we’ve continued to gain share every year since then. And more recently, we’ve discontinue the incentives for remain balance of the accounts. So we expect as with all relationships that will continue to evolve but we do believe distributors will continue to play an important role in order fulfillment for our customers. Okay, thank you Ambrish. And we will go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. David if you look at our normal seasonality the one thing that we can conclude for sure is that the second and third quarter are seasonally strongest quarters fourth and first are seasonally weakest and so certainly that that will play in effect as we go into fourth quarter. So it’s not unusual for us to see fourth quarter that’s down and in fact why we point to the year-over-year guidance and how that is consistent with just our belief is that things in the macro really haven’t changed too dramatically. So that has gone into the guidance. Do you have a follow-on.
David Pahl: And I just add the fact that whenever we’ve had a big discontinuity that you’re searching around for, we’ve been clear at following those things out. So we want to be able to provide that transparency when it’s necessary. So do you have a follow-on.
David Pahl: Yes. I would add that we’ve gained on average 30 to 40 basis points of market share and I think we’ve gained share each of the last six years. I think we’re on track to be able to put a seven figure up and we’ll wait for the numbers to get posted before we declare that. But again, market share just doesn’t move quickly in the markets that we’ve got and I think that just speaks to the quality of the market. So I think these opportunities that Kevin just talking about just gives us confidence that we can continue to have share gains into the future. Thanks, Amit and we will go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. Ian, I would say that we are continuously on the lookout for buying assets that we don’t need now, but we believe we will need at some point in time, it could be a strategic cost advantage to us at some point in time and we have been in pretty much every quarter, picking up some piece of equipment here or there. But again, we look at the total opportunity, meaning, can we get the right price and can it be something that will contribute to our free cash flow as we go forward and so we look at it in that context when we consider these sorts of things. So I would expect that we will continue to be out there, making opportunistic acquisitions. Some may rise to the level of an announced, but most of them are probably just remain as they have been just spot purchases that we do from time to time as we look around the world.
David Pahl: Yes, I think when you look at our portfolio that the lines between what the DSP and what’s not a DSP blur to some degree so like you said in the comm’s equipment space you’ve got processors that have multicourse of both arms and DSP’s but also have a heavy component of hardware accleators. Our OMAP products that are gaining traction and automotive and other applications inside of industrial have DSPs inside of them. If you look at our communication products where we support over a dozen different standards that help machines be connected and be smarter, they will have now DSP inside of them. So we kind of just look at that as an enabling technology, the good news is that that business complements our analog product portfolio, very well it isn’t one type of product or technology that’s building that business. We’ve got a very good diversity of customers that we’re building over time. So we’re encouraged by the confidence in the sustainability of that revenue and the wires underneath and the technology underneath are important on how we deliver it. But the business model is what’s really encouraging for us. So okay, we can go to - have time for one more caller please.
David Pahl: Well I will say that I’m not going to make any comments on their command. And with most of our large customers if I’ll just generalize the comment, most of our large customers will be on some type of consignment or hub based systems. So there is usually not a large delay and the demand when it actually gets pulled and when it’s used. There’s always an exception to that overall. From a content standpoint, I think we’ve mentioned before that we sell hundreds of products into our largest customers including our largest one and we continue to see win new products. So we’re confident in the design wins that we’ve got and the revenue that will drive overall. Okay, well thank you John for your call. End of Q&A
David Pahl: Thanks everyone for listening tonight. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin March: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter of $2.28 billion was 62.0% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin increased 380 basis points, primarily due to lower manufacturing costs. Operating expenses were $804 million, or 21.9% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we’ve invested $1.33 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. Acquisition charges were $80 million, all of which were the ongoing amortization of intangibles, which is a non-cash expense. Operating profit was $1.40 billion, or 38.0% of revenue. Operating profit was up 20% percent from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 40.9% and for Embedded Processing was 27.7%. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the third quarter was $968 million, or $0.94 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.41 billion in the quarter. Inventory days were 117, consistent with our long-term model of 105 to 135 days. Capital expenditures were $139 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $4.46 billion, up 8% from the same period a year ago. Trailing 12-month capital expenditures were $585 million, or 4% of revenue. As a reminder, our long-term expectation is for capital expenditures, including the expansion of our 300 millimeter Analog capacity, to be about 4% of revenue. Free cash flow for the past 12 months was $3.87 billion, or 29.5% of revenue. Free cash flow was 8% higher than a year ago. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we’ve said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long-term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. Our intent, over time, remains to return all of our free cash flow plus any proceeds we receive from exercises of equity compensation minus net debt retirement. Consistent with this intent, we’ve announced a 32% or $0.12 increase in our quarterly dividend. This brings our quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share, or $2.00 annualized. I also will note we have updated our long-term dividend model from our prior target of about 50% of trailing four-year average free cash flow to a range of 50% to 80%. This new range provides a more robust framework to adjust the allocation of our shareholder returns between dividend growth and share repurchases. Today’s announcement extends our string of dividend increases to 13 consecutive years, which we believe are an important element of shareholder returns. In the third quarter, we paid $382 million in dividends and repurchased $500 million of our stock for a total return of $882 million. Total cash returned to shareholders in the past 12 months was $3.82 billion. Outstanding share count was reduced by 2% over the past 12 months and by 42% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. These combined returns demonstrate our confidence in our business model and our commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders. Fundamental to our commitment to return cash are our cash management and tax practices. We ended the third quarter with $3.14 billion of cash and short-term investments, with our U.S. entities owning about 80% of our cash. This on-shore cash is readily available for a variety of uses. Our orders in the quarter were $3.64 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Turning to our outlook, for the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $3.17 billion to $3.43 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.76 to $0.86. Our expectation for our annual effective tax rate in 2016 is unchanged at about 30% and this is the tax rate you should use for the fourth quarter and for the year. So in summary, we believe our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the strength of our business model. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Kevin March: So Stacy I think as we’ve talked about R&D what we continue to reallocate and we will continue to reallocate through the first half of next year resources from other areas of the company into R&D. But overall, you should think about OpEx in 4Q pretty much being the same as you’ve seen in each of the last several years that is down, because we have seasonal benefit there just from the fact that there’s going to be Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays going on. So total OpEx, the shift continued to be seasonally down.
Kevin March: Well. And that is correct. We are planning to allocate more towards the dividends at this point in time. We’ve always said the buybacks will vary as a function of the stock price and a dividend model that can vary from 50% to 80%, we believe there is more thorough comprehensive or capital allocation. This new model provides a more robust framework to adjust the allocation of our shareholder returns between dividend growth and share repurchases and that’s really what we’re talking about here.
Kevin March: C.J. the possibility for improving margins in analog are not anything that we would hold back your expectation on, because you’ve actually hit the essence of the formula there and that is we have more and more revenue being generated on 300 millimeter where we enjoy a significant cost benefit versus any of our competitors. We’ll see that just falling straight through not just the margin, but all the way through the free cash flow which is most important in our mind. So clearly, as you pointed out, this has been a new height for our analog segment and that business still has plenty of runway underneath as we go forward.
Kevin March: Tosh our first M&A is really no different than we’ve talked about in the past. There are really four attributes that we think that we have put us in a pretty unique position versus our competitors and actually quite difficult for others to duplicate. Those include our approach to manufacturing technology, the breadth of our product portfolio, our reach to our market channels and the diversity and all that positions that our products enjoy in the marketplace. So when we look at the acquisitions, it’s both trying to see if we can strengthen those four attributes and really if not so by looking at companies and standpoint of the strategic match. That means, we’ll have strategic match delivered to the strength of the competitive advantage we’ve been building on these last number of years. So from a strategic standpoint that would probably include a company that’s likely engaged in Analog and probably has pretty good exposure to Industrial and Automotive which is where we believe most of the growth for some if that is going to happen for a quite a few years to come. If a potential target passes the strategy test and we’ve got to get past the numbers test. And that really means the price that we pay for it. For the return on that price for the return on that investment capital exceed our weighted average cost of capital in about a four-year timeframe. If we can get all that to work then we will remain disciplined and just stay on the sidelines. As we look at what’s been going on in the M&A landscape these last couple of years and strike us that there are probably really two things underway for most participants in that space they’re either trying to increase their scale or broaden their market opportunities because they have fairly narrow markets. In our case, we already enjoy advantages in both of those, so we don’t feel compelled to have to move unless we can pass that strategy and match test I just talked about a moment ago.
Kevin March: So Chris on utilization, it really hasn’t changed much from probably last three or four quarters and I don’t expect it to change anytime in the near-term. We load the factories on accordance with our expectation of demand and because of our inventory strategy sometimes that demands goes beyond just next quarter may include the following quarter. From an inventory standpoint to recall that our model is to have 105 to 135 days. We had quite a bit more inventory last quarter and we from a day standpoint and we had – David mentioned that we have built that anticipation of growing revenues in the third quarter. We have had those growing revenues and our inventory days dropdown to 117. So I expect that will continue to operate within the model days that we talk about and our utilizations will continue to be relatively stable as we’ve seen in the last three four quarters.
Kevin March: I think Dave has probably answered that same question about three or four times now and the answer still going to be the same. It is our best outlook right now based up on a continuing weak macro economy. We had a book-to-bill in 3Q of 0.99 compared that to 1.0 a year ago. So the visibility into the quarter is a little bit reduce versus it was a year ago. There is no one market, no one customer, no one product, it is our best estimate at this point in time. And I’ll remind you it does include a range and that range probably comprehends to high probability where will land fourth quarters.
Kevin March: I think its now you consider our stock quite undervalued at the moment in times. I appreciate that observation. We have been buying back shares every quarter since the fourth quarter of 2004 our method for buying back shares is to be disciplined and consistent in how we go about doing it. More importantly what we’ve talked about is that we will buyback more shares when the price is lower and probably fewer shares when the price is higher. And so to that end we recently as with today’s announcement have updated our allocation budget if you will for what we allocate in free cash flow to dividends from 50% of our trailing four years average free cash flow to 50% to 80%. We think this new range provides a more robust framework that allows us to adjust the allocation of our shareholder return between dividend growth and share repurchases. To as far as leveraging the balance sheet any further right now that balance sheet has been leveraged higher in the past, we have been slowly paying that debt back down over time which means the debt is available today and important strategic opportunities present some at the right moment in time. We believe that leveraging now just for the sake of leveraging would actually block the balance sheet and being available should an opportunity present ourselves out there from a strategic standpoint.
Kevin March: Well, certainly we’re investing more in the R&D with the intent of continuing our share gains and ideally accelerating them. And really what we’re doing on the stuff, we are being very disciplined on R&D as well. We’re not spending just for the sake of spending, but we’re spending because we have a higher degree of confidence and the ideas are coming to us that we can actually turn that into profitable revenue growth and ideally market share. And we’re doing that by just reallocating our internal resources as we mentioned, meaning we’re not taking our total spending up, but we’re taking people who may have been working in the manufacturing lines or people who may have been working in sales or general administrative areas and putting them into working on R&D projects as well. So it’s an overall reallocation internally and I would expect that that will continue to support our market share gains as we go forward.
Kevin March: John, I think you know that we normally don’t try to give that precise of forecast other than just topline and bottom line and earnings. But I would just remind you that, just like 3Q benefited from lower costs we increased production in the 300-millimeter and depreciation rolling off. Depreciation will continue to roll off and 300-millimeter will continue to become a bigger portion of wafers that we start. So you’ve got a number of underlying cost things that will continue to give us good results on the overall gross margin for those who are interested in that number.
