Ron Slaymaker: John, I would say probably unchanged from what we have told you in the past. Although, certainly, it looks like that guidance has more and more opportunity to come to fruition here, which is basically we still expect that by the end of 2012, that revenue will be essentially gone. And so kind of a linear progression from where we were in first quarter down basically to 0 in first quarter '13 would be about the best we could provide in terms of guidance.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Tim, I don't think we believe it's necessarily going to be driven by any particular market segment. In fact, I think that's part of the reason why we're somewhat optimistic, because we see it as just being pretty broad-based underlying strength. That certainly happened. As we said in the prepared remarks, there were some noise in the first quarter. But if you peel back pretty much the isolated events, one Baseband customer and a Japan earthquake, underlying business was really pretty strong. In fact, I think if you look at the Baseband numbers, we gave you them pretty specifically. You see pretty much $100 million decline, of which about half of that was unexpected. So basically, we had about a $50 million unexpected decline in Baseband. We had about the impact of the Japan earthquake on revenue, since it came so late in the quarter, was about $20 million. But you look at where we were relative to our guidance, we were below the middle of the range but not very far below, which means areas outside of Baseband and outside of the Japan-related impact actually ran pretty strong in the quarter. So again, we have to kind of get through second quarter and some of the noise associated with Japan. But we think that broad-based strength will then become increasingly evident once we get into second half. But again, not driven by any particular area, but rather broad-based. Okay. Tim, thank you, and let's move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Let's start with wireless infrastructure. I mean, so first quarter, we saw things down sequentially there, but I think that is pretty much a seasonal pattern that we would expect to see what were drivers of the revenue even though there was a seasonal decline was still, most of the revenue was associated with North American data expansion. We did see some increased volume in China, really in more kind of legacy GSM 2G type of sales. And again, we have no change to the outlook that you've heard us talk about over time, which is we think we're really at the start of a very long growth spurt that's really going to be based on data traffic capacity expansion that's going to go across the world. And so on the one hand, you'll see CapEx spending increases, especially in the wireless area, we believe, by various service providers. But we actually think our opportunity to grow will be actually significantly above those CapEx increases, really because we're catching more the bill of material via integration. So just for example, we used to sell DSPs. Today, we sell Layer 1 system-on-a-chip. In the future, we're going to be selling Layer 1, 2, 3 system-on-a-chip and really capture more of the customers' system opportunity via that higher-level service. Automotive, you heard us say we're strong. A lot of that was driven by unit sales increases in automotive. I think just in the month of March, they were up something like 17% year-on-year. This is an area that we believe the end market will be impacted by the Japan earthquake, and I don't mean so much end market meaning consumer demand, but rather the automotive manufacturers' ability to supply given various constraints in terms of their supply chain. So that's one we're going to watch. But first quarter was strong, maybe a little more dampened outlook going forward. And then industrial, I would say good strength, not only in first quarter. Our view is that's the market that's going to continue strong as we move through 2011, and I would say that's across multiple regions, U.S., Europe, but also, as you heard me say in prepared remarks, even out of China as they continue to expand, not only their local economy but their supply into the rest of the world. Okay, Glen, thank you, and hopefully that answers your question. Now we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: John, I would describe the order trend as strong throughout the quarter. We did see some turn-up in the couple of weeks, last couple weeks of March associated with maybe customers, as you described, trying to provide more visibility. But that was not a big factor. Book-to-bill and our order trends were solid literally from the start of the quarter all the way through. Okay. John, thank you, and we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Jim, I would think of it this way. A customer, if they're -- all the different directions they can put their energies, it's going to be much more expedient for them to work on taking a device that we used to manufacture in Miho and, say, requalify the similar device that we could provide them out of our fab than to go back to the design stage and try to redesign a board to use a competitor's device. And again, very, very few of these devices, if any, would be pin-for-pin compatible with competitor's devices. They are highly proprietary. And so again, what we've seen is and what we've encouraged is a pretty intense effort to work with us on getting the 80% of the devices requalified over into other areas, while at the same time we're doing our best to recover production in Miho as fast as possible as well. Okay. Thank you, Jim, and we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: I mean, there are just not very many opportunities, Ambrish, to be able to pick up a 12,000-product Analog portfolio and a very high-quality Analog portfolio and basically be able to get it at a reasonable market price such as we were able to with this acquisition. And we've obviously spent a lot of time out meeting with investors. And frankly, the feedback from our largest investors has been very encouraging regarding that acquisition, TI's use of capital for that acquisition and what they believe we'll be able to do with it. So I think they share our enthusiasm for bringing that National team onboard and doing it as quickly as we can. All right. Ambrish Srivastava, thank you for your questions, and we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and I think, Ed, you're familiar with National, I know, but I forget the exact numbers. Something like 45%, 46% of their recent revenue is coming from the industrial market, and that's a much stronger position in industrial, and a lot of it comes because of the power management capabilities they have for high-voltage type of applications. And so they will have relationships with customers and, certainly, portfolio, what do I call, lead-in type products that we will be able to benefit from with those customers. And hopefully, we'll go in selling microcontrollers, DSPs and other products those customers might be able to take advantage of as well. Okay. Ed, thank you, and we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I think -- well, sell-through was strong, and frankly, we had expected it to be strong, coming into the quarter. Now it's certainly part of the characterization we gave back in January that we thought we were coming into an above-seasonal first quarter. And you only have to go back to their, those distributors' reports, where they were talking about order strength and fourth quarter positive book-to-bills to come away with that type of consideration. I would say that inventory is about where they would like to have it, and frankly, where we would like to have them. As we mentioned, days were down a few. But basically, in the six-week range for their inventory, that's about where they have historically been, especially if you make adjustments for the increasing amount of distributor inventory that we're carrying on consignment programs. So consignment moved up a little bit. About a third of our distribution revenue is now being supported on consignment programs. And as that continues to move up -- and by the way, we will also, as we bring that National portfolio onboard, we will move that into consignment programs with distribution as well. But as the percentage of our distribution support that is supported by consignment inventory moves up, then naturally the amount of inventory that the distributors need to carry would move down correspondingly. So -- but again, I would say they're generally right in the range where they would like to be. Okay. Tore, I believe that's two questions. So we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and the only other point I would make, Ross, is we provided annual -- we don't do it for SG&A, but for R&D guidance of $1.7 billion. Now certainly, that could round up or round down to that number, but that's -- that will give you also some rough guidelines on that. Okay. Thank you, Ross, and we'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Craig, pricing pretty much across the board is trending normally. So I don't think we've seen anything that we would say is, first of all, abnormal to begin with, much less that we would correlate to the quake. Okay. Craig, thank you for your questions. We'll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Tristan, what I would say today is the revenue amount coming out of RFAB is still relatively small. We've said all along that we are capable today from an equipment perspective of ramping RFAB up into about a $2 billion production level and that we will pace that based upon market demand. Certainly, events such as we've had in Japan have resulted in somewhat of an acceleration there. But I don't have a specific number to be able to say we'll be at this dollar value or this percent utilization, other than it's ramping nicely, maybe even ahead of plan, based on the added motivation of getting those Miho devices qualified over there.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Our percent of revenue from Japan last year was about 10%. And to the question of are we look -- do we believe customers will look for more diversified supplier base? I don't believe so. I think our -- I mean, I shouldn't say I don't believe so. What I mean is, I think that it's way too early for customers to be going through that. They're focused on bringing their factories back into operation in that earthquake zone. I don't think at this point they're trying to figure out whether they should be there or whether they should be someplace else. That can happen and probably very likely could happen later, but I haven't heard of a customer reevaluating their location status.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, Ramesh, that, in fact, is correct. I think what we said was earlier in the quarter, because there had been a chipset recall, we had seen disruption in that business, but that as we moved later into February, as that other supplier basically got back online and moved forward, we had seen, even at the mid-quarter update, recovery in our PC-related business. I would say that did continue through the month of March. So that business is continuing well at this point.  Okay. And with that, we'll wrap up. Thank you for joining as. A replay of this call is available on our website, and good evening.
Kevin March: John, profitability was down, back to the initial comments I made about our increased investments in certain projects. And Analog and Embedded Processes, a similar story holds in Embedded Processing as well. We have stepped up our spending on product development in those areas. In addition, as I mentioned, we're increasing our sales people and field apps engineers in support of those areas. So actually, similar to what we did a year ago in Embedded Processing. Where we stepped up the investment there, we've done it again this year, stepping up the investment in both those segments.
Kevin March: Tim, I'll go ahead and take that. We don't normally give a inventory forecast per se because that's really more a function of what the following quarter's outlook would be, so we won't give you a specific number. But I would just remind you of what we talked about. We've already taken actions to start bringing the Baseband inventory down, and so we would expect that to decline during the second quarter.
Kevin March: Uche, on customer reactions to the earthquake, again, I'll go back to what Ron said. We actually saw quite strong demand during the first 2.5 months of the quarter that really outside of the Baseband and direct Japan impact continued through the quarter. I don't think that we can necessarily point to any specific example of where people might be moving to take on more inventory or safety stock. But by the same token, I don't know that's an unreasonable thing for us to think that, that could occur. It's probably a little bit too early, though, for us to be able to point to any meaningful examples of that. As it relates to supply side, that is one of the things that we're mindful of in the second quarter outlook. And as we've talked about before, many semiconductor suppliers, that is suppliers of raw materials to semiconductor manufacturers such as TI and others, actually have the manufacturing facilities in the earthquake zone. And in many cases, those particular suppliers have been working to bring their factories back online. We've been working with them as well as other suppliers to try to ensure continuity to our total supply. But right now, I'd say the situation remains too fluid to really be able to give, either from us or anyone else, any certainty as to what that supply situation will look like until we get further through the second quarter.
Kevin March: Not in those two segments specifically. I would just say broadly speaking, at the company level, we did talk about the cost of revenue took an impact for the Japan damages cost of about $30 million. We also mentioned that royalty revenue was down a little bit quarter-over-quarter. In addition to that, I did mention in my prepared remarks that the compensation-related costs in our manufacturing areas, like in the other areas, we had the benefit of the seasonal decline of vacation in the first quarter offset by paying benefit increases in the first quarter. So that combination of events all pools together to deliver the GPM results that we look at.
Kevin March: So Glen, I would first say that we're probably going to be a quarter or two out on that. Keep in mind, I did mention that there was about $0.05 of additional impact that we expect in the first quarter related to the Japan earthquake -- excuse me, in the second quarter, and most of that is going to be in cost of revenue. So we're probably in the third quarter before we see a resumption of those gross margins back in the level that we prefer to see them operating at. And really, I think an interesting point that should be noted there that Ron brought up in his comments, 71% of our revenue in the first quarter was our core products, and those tend to be our products that enjoy very healthy gross margins. So as we move through time and Baseband continues its wind-down and so on, all those things will come together and help support more reliable and solid gross margins starting in the second half of the year.
Kevin March: Yes, John, we aren't going to go any lower than this data. Right now, we're estimating about $0.05 of cost and EPS, and it will be mostly manufacturing-related. Obviously, some of that will be in those categories you just described as well as repair costs and other types of costs associated with bringing the lines back up. But I'm not going to go any deeper than just to say it's about $0.05 or so in the quarter we expect right now.
Kevin March: Right now, we can't see that far out with a great deal of clarity, so we withhold any kind of forecast on third quarter until we get closer to it.
Kevin March: Again, I think, Steve, what we're seeing here is just a general broadening of the economic recovery around the world, including the Western economies that we've been watching, and it's surprisingly weak for a long period of time. That, along with the proliferation of electronic devices, gives us confidence that there's going to be quite a bit of long-term growth for semiconductors. I think we talked in the last couple of calls about our interest in the emergence of, say, tablet PCs, for example, where our particular content in tablet is more than it is in PCs. So actually, that transition from PC weakness to tablet strength we view positively. The emergence of the data communications demand that Ron was talking about earlier just puts more and more demand on the networks, and we have a lot of content inside those. We view that very favorably. The fact that automobile sales were somewhat depressed during the last couple of years as people kind of held on to their cash and their cars are getting older, they eventually have to replace some electronic content that continues to go up inside those cars. Again, that gives us confidence that semiconductor content is going to be quite attractive as we look into the future. So no particular area and no debate on some of the macro headlines that you're talking about. It's just broadly speaking, there's underlying demand that we saw, even coming through this period where people were a bit rattled. With all those headlines you just talked about, including an earthquake, we still saw strong demand.
Kevin March: Jim, we don't typically forecast on that level, but we think the royalties would probably run in the, call it, the $50 million kind of range on a quarterly basis going forward.
Kevin March: Jim, I don't think there's much concern on a share shift standpoint. Again, most of the products are designed in. It's difficult or undesirable for many customers to want to redesign somebody else in. Not impossible, but difficult. This is a short-term interruption, and frankly, we're moving very quickly to qualify products into other factories. So the reaction from our customers has actually been quite good so far. So at this point, I'd minimize any risk to our share position due to the earthquake.
Kevin March: Yes, Ambrish. So clearly, we had to adjust lead times to our customers for deliveries for products that were impacted by -- in the Miho factory. But aside from that, I can't -- I'm not aware of any others to point out.
Kevin March: Frankly, I can't -- I'm pretty enthusiastic about us getting that deal closed. When you take a look at the opportunity, we have actually accelerated the growth of the National portfolio. It's pretty exciting. Our incremental cost to accelerate that growth was exactly 0, because we already have a sales force in place. So as soon as we can expose their products to 10 times the size of the sales force, we should expect to see a meaningful shift in a probably short order in the revenue growth of those products.
Kevin March: Actually, it is, Ed. I mean, we're continuing on our organic growth pursuits that we've had all along. Recall that we spent the last year and a half expanding our manufacturing capacity with the idea of rapidly growing organically our own internal portfolio of some 30,000-odd Analog products. That has not changed, and the expectation for each of those businesses inside our portfolio to have growth rates at running 2x fair market has not changed. And so in order to do that, we continue to want to add people in areas where we see the actual growth opportunity at. The exciting part, again, for us is it's incrementally quite easy for us to add the additional 12,000 products that National's portfolio will bring to us into our sales people's hands and on those same calls now have an even higher probability of walking away with a sale every time they show up with a customer.
Kevin March: It certainly cuts both ways. I mean, there's a -- great sales people are hard to find, and great FAEs are even harder to find. And we're combining these teams together, and we're pretty encouraged we've already got the largest sales force in the industry and it's going to be even larger. So I think the ability to multiply on that growth standpoint is clearly in our favor.
Kevin March: JoAnne, I think initially, we had indicated that somewhere around 60% or so was available in [ph] other factories, and we've since been able to increase that to about 80%. Qualification is under way for many of those products already. It's really a function from two sides. One, we've got to qualify it inside the factory they're moving those products into. And the second part is the customer has to gain confidence that parts are actually working as they expect them to work. So that's probably going to be taking us through this quarter and maybe even the next quarter on some of these products.
Kevin March: There was already material that Miho had produced that was in our assembly test sites. We had some finished good materials as well. We had a better recovery of wafers than we initially anticipated after the earthquake. We thought more were damaged than we had actually believed to be the case initially. So between those, we've got some inventory to be able to handle our customer demands, but clearly not enough, which is why we are re-qual-ing many of those products into other factories. And it's also why we had to re-profile the lead times on those particular parts, because we don't have enough material on hand to meet the demands of those customers.
Kevin March: Chris, right now, we've given you our best estimate, which we think is -- with what we know today, an all-in number, if you will, that is we think about $0.05 impact in the second quarter. As we get further and further into bringing equipment up and actually making sure that they function as intended, that may change. But right now, we think that's a good number. The kind of knock-on effect I alluded to in my opening remarks, and that is given that our revenue grows sequentially in the quarter, we expect to be about half of what we would normally experience on a seasonal basis. If we run the math on that, we think that that's about another $0.05 of earnings foregone from a revenue standpoint in the quarter. So between the foregone earnings of $0.05 and the actual expected increase in recovery costs of $0.05, it looks out to be about a $0.10 impact in the second quarter.
Kevin March: Yes, Chris, we'll just remind you, again, that $0.05 that I've talked about for second quarter costs will pretty much all go through cost of revenue, so that will have a negative impact on our gross margins. But to the extent that, that pretty much wraps up the repair cost and the recovery costs, we should expect to see our gross margins begin to move back to the levels that you grew accustomed seeing us at, at those revenue levels.
Kevin March: Tore, I believe that range is very consistent with what you've seen from TI historically. We usually start with a range at that level and then try to narrow it as we move into the mid-quarter update. But this is consistent with what we've historically provided at the beginning of the quarter.
Kevin March: Ross, the only onetime thing, just to point back to, we do, do our annual pay and benefits increases in the first quarter. So there's about 2/3 of a quarter's worth of that in there. So you'll see a bit more of that as we go into next quarter as we get a full-quarter effect of that. Plus, back to your earlier question about calculators and so on, from a seasonality standpoint, we typically see our SG&A go up a bit there on marketing cost. So you'll typically see our OpEx move up in the second quarter. I think last year, if you go take a look at that, it's a good way to think about how this year might play out as well.
Kevin March: Yes, Craig, we talked about we would probably issue somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion of debt as part of that acquisition, and I don't have any more updates for you on that. I still think that's probably a good number to frame for modeling purposes.
Kevin March: I would just point out also that the output from Miho is not just sold into Japan, it is sold around the world. So it's -- there's not a direct connection between Miho or Aizu factories and the actual revenue that we gain in Japan.
