Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael Lizardi, is with me today, and will provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter; next, I'll provide insight into the third quarter revenue results with more details than usual by end market, including some sequential performance since it's more informative at this time; and then lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, capital management, and our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2020. Let me start with a quick overview with three key points. Revenue was higher than expected and grew 18% sequentially, with notable strength from the rebound of automotive and growing demand from personal electronics. Revenue increased 1% from the same quarter a year ago. In April and again in July, we explained we would maintain high optionality with our operating plan so we could support customers, particularly during a time when their ability to forecast will be limited. This approach has served us and our customers well and we'll continue this posture in the fourth quarter. Finally, while visibility for the near-term demand has improved, we remain cautious as the broader economic impact of the global pandemic could continue for several years. Our approach in an environment like this is to maintain high optionality with our operating plan in the short term, to continue critical investments in R&D and in new capabilities like those for ti.com, and finally, to invest to ensure long-term manufacturing capacity, particularly for the 2022 to 2025 timeframe. We've made these decisions with our overall ambitions in mind, which include running the company with the mindset of a long-term owner. These decisions have continued to serve us well. Looking at our segments, Analog grew 18% and Embedded Processing grew 19% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Analog grew 7% and Embedded Processing declined 10%. Our Other segment declined 19% from a year ago, primarily due to lower calculator sales or COVID-19 impacted back-to-school sales. Moving on, I'll now provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by end market. First, the automotive market rebounded with about 75% sequential growth and returned to levels similar to a year ago. Revenue has grown from the bottom we saw in May as North American and European automotive assembly plants resumed operations. Next, the industrial market was down low single-digits sequentially, roughly a sequential decline and about even from a year ago. Not surprisingly, there were areas of strength and there were areas of weakness. The diversity within industrial results in relative stability, reinforcing the attractiveness of this highly diverse market. Personal electronics was up more than 20% sequentially and up about 15% compared to a year ago. The strength was broad-based across personal electronics, combined with TI being in a position to support unforecasted demand in the third quarter. Next, comms equipment was down about mid-single-digits sequentially and up mid-single-digits from a year ago and enterprise systems was down both comparisons. Lastly, I'll note a housekeeping item. We've simplified our Analog business structure into our power business and our signal chain business. Starting this quarter, our reporting will reflect these changes. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Yes. And embedded is essentially industrial and automotive for the most part. Probably 90% of those two. So that's where that growth would come from. So thank you Tim and we’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And, Harlan, I think our comments last quarter were one, just more of an observation of history in our industry, that basically it's taught us that whenever we've seen supply constraints, that customers react by building some inventory. So it's just our belief that it would be naive that this would be the first time that, that wouldn't happen, right? So, I think, that those supply constraints in our industry still exist. So to that extent, that could still be the case. And now our lead times have remained stable. Our product availability is still very high. I think today, you can go to ti.com and get immediate availability of over 40,000 different devices. And that doesn't mean that we don't have pockets of delivery problems. We'll always have that at any time. But, overall, our lead times are very solid. And availability is high, but that's not true for the industry. So, yes, I think it just would be naive to believe that, that wouldn't be the case. So thank you, Harlan. We’ll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, sure. I think that certainly, the embedded business isn't performing the way that we would want it to over the last multiple quarters. And I think that if you look over the most recent quarter here, certainly we're encouraged by the progress or the numbers that, that would show. But we've been working very hard on turning that business around and getting it performing like we would like it to be performing. And we're making investments there because we believe that it will be a great contributor in the coming years. So -- and so we're busy building that business stronger, and -- but it will take time. And success in that business will be not measured over this quarter or even over a couple of quarters, but will be measured over time. So thank you for that, John. And with that, we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Well, embedded grew a little faster than analog. And essentially just as last quarter as you pointed out Ross, that it didn't have any offsets to the business. Essentially, all you have left is industrial. So it's those two end markets. And so with the return of revenue, it's performing about the same as analog is. So those are the two -- those are really the two components driving that.
Dave Pahl: Well, the longer-term thesis of course is that content is expanding inside of those markets. And I think if you look below, we talked about there's areas of strength and there's areas of weakness. So if you look at certain markets like aerospace and defense that is obviously weak, people aren't taking deliveries of planes, as an example. There's other areas of strength like appliances. If anyone that's listening on the call that is doing any home renovations like my wife is, you have to wait multiple months to, just to get home appliances. And so we're seeing very, very strong strength in those types of areas. So – but I think the diversity of that market, coupled with the content expansion, I think just proves out why it's such an attractive market for us. And our products are really tailor-made and well positioned to take advantage of that market.
Dave Pahl: Well, Tore, that's always a question that we don't have precise insight to, right? We don't have a system that tells us that. I think you have to even go back to third quarter 2018, where the market had turned. We're going through a classic inventory cycle. We worked our way through that through 2019. And just as we bottomed out and saw signs of inflection, COVID-19 hit. So that kind of changed things, but certainly we started this year with inventories at lower levels. And so that – certainly, that's where we started the year, right? So – but inventories and demand are certainly tied together. And – so I don't believe that they were ever largely disconnected over time.
Dave Pahl: Yes. The -- yes, so you've highlighted a couple of steps that we have taken in the past. I think none of those have been secrets. The decisions on the comms side was something that we had talked about, I think, going back six, seven years ago now, as we didn't believe that comms equipment was going to be a structural grower. And specifically on the Embedded side, we did believe that there was some opportunities on the Analog side, so we took up investments there. And we're enjoying the benefits of those investments on the Analog side today, but that did provide a headwind. We talked about, I think, it was a couple of quarters ago now the -- some of the restructuring that you mentioned inside of the Embedded business. And we've got, I think, eight different product groups and we took down some of the resources in some and took up some of the resources in others. And really just getting resources on to the best opportunities overall and making sure that we have resources into the places that we believe will be the best growth opportunities. And I'd just say in general, what we're trying to do is leverage our competitive advantages, ensure that the products that we are investing in have a broad-based appeal in a customer base standpoint and they'll be products that will generate cash flow for a long time to come. And just taking a step back, again, I'd say that we're investing in that business, because we believe it will be a great contributor when we look at the years ahead, so. And so again, there's a lot of effort going into building that business stronger, but it will take time. So that's success would be measured over years, not just in a quarter or two. So with that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap us up for the night.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter revenue was $3.8 billion, up 1% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.5 billion, or 64% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin decreased 60 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $793 million, up 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 23% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D. Operating profit was $1.6 billion in the quarter, or 42% of revenue. Operating profit was up 1% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $1.4 billion, or $1.45 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $146 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.2 billion. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 13%, marking our 17th consecutive year of dividend increases. In the quarter, we paid $825 million in dividends and repurchased $15 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $6.4 billion in the past 12 months, or 123% of free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 64% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were down $64 million from the prior quarter, and days were 137. Distribution-owned inventory declined in the third quarter by about $100 million, the eighth consecutive quarter of planned reductions, as we have continued the transition to have fewer distributors and bring more customers direct. As a reminder, as we build closer, direct relationships with our customers, we further strengthened one of our competitive advantages, the reach of our market channels. Tactically and strategically, we are pleased with the progress of the transition and the impact for our customers. For the fourth quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.41 billion to $3.69 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.20 to $1.40. Our annual operating tax rate has not changed much, but now rounds up to 14% for the year, and that's what you should use for your models in the fourth quarter. For next year, we expect our annual operating tax rate to remain at about 14%. In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our business stronger. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, no, happy to answer that. So yeah, on a year-on-year basis, revenue was up 1%. Gross margin dollars were up, but a little less than that, maybe 0.5% or so. So -- but when you're looking at such a big number that then the delta is so small, it's difficult to look at the pull-through like we normally look at it, right? So in the big scheme of things, revenue was up a little bit and gross margin dollars were up a little bit. But having said that, I would also point out that the mix of personal electronics revenue was higher in third quarter than it's been what it was the same quarter last year or even second quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: Nothing significant that I would point to. In OpEx, of course, R&D is a big part of that. It's about $1.5 billion a year. That's a big component of our competitive advantage of having the broadest portfolio in the industry. We continue to put out some of the best products, catalog products that go into automotive, industrial, personal electronics, communication market. So, we'll continue to strengthen that advantage. Another one that goes in OpEx in the G&A portion -- in the SG&A portion is the investment that we're making in ti.com to strengthen the reach of our channels. So, we continue to strengthen that tool, that ability to reach channels, reach customers better and keeping them engaged longer and selling more and more products to those customers. So at the highest level, OpEx has been running $3.1 billion, $3.2 billion a year on a trailing 12-month basis. I would expect for that to run at above that level, maybe over time up 1% or 2% year-on-year, but in that neighborhood.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So Stacy, as you know, we only talk about utilization when there's a big inflection point or something unusual. So we did talk about it in April going into second quarter because most people -- most other vertical competitors decreased their loading. And instead, we kept them flat at that point to first quarter to maintain that option, to have that optionality that frankly has served us tremendously well during these last six months. Since second quarter, we have biased up our loadings, so we did that from second to third, a little higher. And third and going to fourth, we'll probably bias that up -- we are biasing that up higher. It's nothing significant. But it is biased up, so that we maintain that optionality and we can maximize revenue and support our customers with any potential upsides that they have that are -- also, that would be unsupported otherwise.
Rafael Lizardi: There's nothing unusual there to comment. Clearly, analog is the biggest segment that we have. So anything that we would comment at the company level applies -- likely came from analog. And they have a fair amount of PE impact, a disproportionate amount of personal electronics, given that embedded doesn't have much personal electronics, so yes.
Rafael Lizardi: So it doesn't have nearly as much PE or in fact hardly any PE, personal electronics. And personal electronics was a big contributor to growth in third quarter, sequential growth.
Rafael Lizardi: Right. And the other thing I would add is listen, we have 100,000 different customers, 80,000 different products. The vast majority of those sell in to industrial. That is the most diverse end market. So it'd be impossible for us to know what those customers are doing and what that adds up to. The important part is the way we run the company to give ourselves the highest possible optionality, so that if it is driven by secular trends or asset is driven by the secular trends over the long haul, maybe any one quarter it could, or two quarters it could oscillate. And it could be inventory building. But over the long term, those secular trends are there, and we put ourselves in a good position tactically to have that inventory available to support our customers. And if we have a correction, inventory correction or something of that sort, we'll go through that. And that inventory will not go back. It will not go back. We'll have it in storage for years, and then we'll sell it at the other end of that, of whatever correction we may have.
Rafael Lizardi: And so much of our business is on consignment or just-in-time demand, that the bookings versus revenue trend is really not that meaningful.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for our owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. Our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements: A great business model focused on Analog and Embedded Products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages; two, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities; and lastly, efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. While we strive to achieve our objectives, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would want as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers and communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
