Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will also be available through the website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the first quarter increased 11% from a year ago as demand for our products remained strong in the industrial and automotive markets. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 14% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 15% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $1.35, including $0.14 in tax-related benefits not in our original guidance. These were primarily due to the recent tax reform law. With that backdrop, I'll provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of our business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion. We believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.9 billion, up 17% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin for the same period was 32.1% of revenue, up from 30.7% a year ago. We continue to benefit from the quality of our product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300 millimeter Analog output. We believe that free cash flow will be valued if it is productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $5.1 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. I'll now provide some details by segment. From a year-ago quarter, Analog revenue grew 14% due to Power and Signal Chain. High Volume was about even. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 15% from a year-ago quarter due to growth in both Processors and Connected Microcontrollers. In our Other segment, revenue declined 13% from a year ago primarily due to Custom ASIC products. Now, I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Industrial demand remained strong with broad-based growth. Automotive demand remained strong, with all sectors contributing to growth. Personal electronics grew, with increases across several sectors and customers. Communications equipment declined, but was about even compared with the fourth quarter. And lastly, enterprise systems grew. As we get more insight into and guidelines on the tax reform law, we have updated our tax estimates. First, we now expect a 16% ongoing annual operating tax rate starting in 2019, down from our prior expectation of 18%. Second, for 2018, investors should now assume a 20% annual operating tax rate, down from our prior expectation of 23%. The 2018 rate is higher than the 2019 rate due to a transitional non-cash expense in 2018. As a reminder, our operating tax rate does not include any discrete tax items. To get you to an effective tax rate by quarter, for the balance of the year, we continue to expect the benefit from stock-based compensation to be about $10 million in the second and third quarters, and about $5 million in the fourth quarter. Therefore, the effective tax rate will be about 20% in each of the remaining quarters of 2018. You will find this information summarized on our IR website under financial summary data as we have done in the past. And then lastly, in the first quarter of 2018, we had about $140 million of tax benefits that were not in our original guidance. These include $50 million due to stock-based compensation, $50 million due to the updated estimates related to the tax reform law, and $40 million primarily due to the previously described decrease in the tax rate for 2018. In summary, we continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives to strengthen our position. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content. These markets also provide diversity and longevity. All of this translates to a high terminal value of our portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rafael, operator, you can open up the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we will provide you an opportunity for additional follow-up.
Dave Pahl: Yeah so I won't try to predict what the back half of the growth for comms equipment will look like. As you mentioned and you have been following the industry long enough you know that factor is just choppy the way that operators place orders and the OEMs have to build inventories to respond to that. That doesn't make it a bad business. It is just the nature of it and there will be more communications equipment shift in the coming years. So we have got a great position today in 4G products. We will have a great position in 5G products and really any time trying to figure out when that mix will begin to shift and we will just enjoy the demand as it comes in. All right we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: If you look at embedded overall and processors specifically they have a very high exposure to industrial and automotive. So that growth is really coming from very diverse places. It will -- connected microcontrollers also grew very nicely as well and again that includes our connectivity products there and they are doing quite well and we are encouraged because that growth is coming from diverse places which I think gives us confidence in the long-term ability of that portion of our business to continue to grow. Okay Thank you. Blayne we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: So from a geo standpoint we had revenue up in three of the four regions from a year ago. So Asia was up followed by the U.S. and Europe, Japan is down. And a couple of comments, so first, I'll make the comments that that is measured by where we ship the product and not where it's consumed. So usually our regional shipments don't often reflect the broader macro in a particular region. And the second thing then I'll add is from a Japan standpoint we are seeing that companies in Japan are building products in other regions of the world. So as products get designed in Japan they actually may be produced in other regions, so I wouldn't look too much on that as well. Okay. Thank you Ambrish and we will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you Romit and with that we will wrap up the call. Thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.45 billion, or 64.6% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased due to higher revenue and lower manufacturing costs. Gross profit margin increased 160 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $818 million, a 1% increase from a year ago and about as expected. R&D grew 4 % and SG&A was about even. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 20.9% of revenue, within our range of expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.52 billion in R&D. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D that allows us to continue to grow our top line and gain market share. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $80 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.55 billion, or 40.9% of revenue. Operating profit was up 24% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 45.4%, up from 41.4% a year ago, and for Embedded Processing was 35.4%, up from 29.9% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the first quarter was $1.37 billion, or $1.35 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.11 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $189 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was $4.92 billion on a trailing 12 month basis, up 17% from a year ago. In the first quarter, we paid $611 million in dividends and repurchased $873 million of our own stock for a total return of $1.48 billion in the first quarter. We have returned $5.1 billion to owners in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return to owners all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 45% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. Total debt is also $4.1 billion with a weighted average coupon rate of 2.05%. Inventory days were 136, up 4 days from a year ago and within our expected range. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.78 billion to $4.10 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.39, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. In closing, I'll note that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance over the last few years, from top-line growth and margin expansion to free cash flow generation. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach, and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products Analog and Embedded Processing and the best markets industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me -- I will start with that and then Dave, you want to chime in on that. But I will tell you from a global standpoint, but we're seeing a very continued -- that the macro economy continues to be constructive although uncertainties have been introduced clearly with the -- in the geopolitical area. With everything going on that we read in the news. Now it's too soon is that -- what that impact is going to be on the macro level. From what's important though on a year -- from a year ago basis we continue to see strength in industrial and automotive, as Dave highlighted in his prepared remarks. Personal electronics grew across several sectors and while communications equipment declined, it was [above reasonable] sequentially. Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: I will give you a few -- a few things on that. First most importantly let's step back and think about what is the purpose of CapEx. We talked about this during our capital management strategy a couple of months ago. In CapEx our objective there is to support technology development and revenue growth. We want to expand our low cost manufacturing advantage specially to the 300 millimeter where the only analog company with its own 300 millimeter factory and what that does at the end of the day is allow us to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth. So that's what the ultimate objective is. The CapEx percent of revenue that's just a general guide that we gave. And on that our sense is that 4% that could vary depending on what's going on in the marketplace, because of very strong demand, when we are expanding capacity, that could run off. And right now on a trailing 12 months basis 4.9%. But of course the reason that would run off is that we see opportunities to continue expanding our technology development and our low cost manufacturing advantage so that ultimately we drive long-term growth of our free cash flow per share.
Rafael Lizardi: On OpEx on first quarter, it came in about as expected and we continue to be pleased with how we are allocating capital to OpEx in general, specifically to our R&D as it continues to drive growth in the top line and we continue to gain market share. On the subsequent quarter as you know, we gave a range on revenue and EPS we don't give in between the lines. If there was something unusual going on we would point that out, we are not pointing out because there is nothing unusual going on in between those lines.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me talk about this quarter that we are reporting and wait for second quarter results to go through the details there. We described that we saw growth across several sectors and several customers, so you know that we tried to point out there it is not just the insets that are growing there are other things are growing inside of that. And I will describe the growth as somewhere in the mid to single-digit. So good growth, especially for a sector like personal electronics. Long-term of course, we think that we will see auto and industrial driver business that where we've been allocating increasingly our capital too. And that's just the belief that those will be the two areas that will drive growth not just for us but certainly in our industry overall.
Rafael Lizardi: I'll talk about internal inventory and then Dave will talk about channel inventory. But on inventory let me step back again and refer you to our long-term objective that we talked about at the capital management call. What do we want inventory for? The objective of our inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence, improve our manufacturing asset utilization and we also see value in controlling that inventory, having more of it in our own product distribution centers, more in consignment, more in low-volume buffers. I talked about this at the capital management call as well as 90 days ago when we closed the last quarter and this topic came up. So we're very pleased where our inventory ended up. From a day space as it was 136 days, from a year ago that's up 4 days, sequentially is up 2 days and is well within our 115, 145 day inventory basement.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, when you look at gross margin fall through which kind of was embedding your question there, in any one sequential transition particularly when revenue was about flat is up 1% is difficult to do that analysis and make -- have anything meaningful come out of that. You probably want to look at it on a year-on-year basis and on that basis our gross margin, gross profit margin increased 160 basis points the fall through was about 78%. And that's along the lines of what we have guided all of you before that on a long-term basis that falls through that you should expect from our revenue gross should be between 70% to 75%.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me step back and talk about cash return and how we think about that and then how we think about dividends and repurchases. From a cash return standpoint our objective to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. And we have been doing that for a number of years. In fact on a trailing 12 month basis we generated $4.9 billion of free cash flow and we have returned $5.1 billion of free cash flow. So we are doing that. Now obviously we do that in two ways, dividends or repurchases. From a dividend standpoint we want to provide sustainable and growing dividend. As of the end of last year we have been growing that dividend 24% on a compounded basis for the previous five years, and at the end of last year also on a trailing 12 month basis that's 45% of free cash flow. So that underscores the sustainability. On the repurchases, we just got done repurchasing $873 million of our own stock and our objective there is accretive capture of the future free cash for the long-term owners of the company. So we just resell our assumptions to extrapolate estimate what we think our free cash flow growth is going to be and then based on that we come up with different scenarios and valuation as well as the market prices below those scenarios, we buy back the stock and that's what you have seen us do for a numbers of years now and we will continue doing that.
Rafael Lizardi: I will just tell you of course for, whenever you in fact hear a specific projection on that we give the revenue range and an EPS range. But the bigger picture on that is that; a, we continue to drive revenue growth and that's the biggest contributor to free cash flow growth. And then in addition to that we continue on increasing our loadings on 300 millimeter, which has 40% cost advantage, that's one of our competitive advantages. We're the only Analog company with own 300 millimeter factory. So every time we build an incremental wafer on 300 millimeter we have better fall through on that. We have better free cash flow per share growth. So we will continue to do that for the foreseeable future and even beyond the current capacity of [those taxes].
Rafael Lizardi: What I'm going to point out for this question is that we are now a much larger company in terms of industrial and automotive. Our percent of revenue is as of the end of last year was 54%. You go back a few years ago, that number was sub 40%. And that provides inherent stability to our revenue because our revenue comes from many, many customers, many, many sectors within industrial and many -- in equipment. Now does that mean that we would be immune from a correction? I think a correction would short-term or in medium term would affect all those sectors but the important point is that longer-term this is the place where we want to be, because this is in both of those end markets automotive and industrial. That's where the company is growing. So, even if there is -- when there is a correction and we go through that the end point down the road 10, 15, 20 years from now still the same which is more and more content in those end markets.
Rafael Lizardi: We are pleased that we're allocating capital to R&D, even SG&A and CapEx and ultimately to drive a top line growth in market share. We do that based on long-term expectations on growth particularly industrial and automotive as I talked about earlier given how well our portfolio matches those markets. So we will continue to do that. And if we have opportunities to increase R&D because we have even better opportunities we will do that, if not we will keep it about where it is but we don't have any said percent increase or number to give you.
