Kevin P. March: The factory loadings in Q3 declined quarter-over-quarter, and so consequently, our underutilization charges did increase. With our reduced outlook for fourth quarter, we're further reducing our factory loadings into the fourth quarter. I won't predict where our inventory actually lands at, but I will point out that we do expect the factory loadings to decrease further in the fourth quarter, which also means our underutilization charges are expected to increase in the fourth quarter as well.
Kevin P. March: CJ, there's a couple of things in them, let me make sure I get to them all. But the tax rate, we expect to be 22% in the fourth quarter and going forward, starting from that 22% tax rate, as you build your models and you look out into the future for TI and you try to model our earnings, you should tax the incremental profit at 35% and let that fall through to the implied tax rate for 2013. As it relates to gross margin, gross margin in the quarter was 51.3% of the company level, but I'll remind you that we did have a $60 million insurance reimbursement that came through in the quarter. So that definitely benefited the gross margin a little bit in the quarter. As it relates to your question on OpEx, we did bring OpEx down in the quarter. I believe overall, we're down about $20 million quarter-over-quarter. And as we look out in the fourth quarter, I would expect we would continue to bring OpEx down especially in light of a weaker demand outlook that we've given our guidance.
Kevin P. March: Sure. I think the decision to increase is really a function of the emerging model for TI as it continues to evolve, and that is even if you take a look at the most recent quarter, about 70% of our revenues were coming from our Analog and Embedded Processing technologies and business units. And those are areas that not only enjoy a relatively robust margins but, because of the R&D and manufacturing nature of those products, produce very robust levels of cash. And as we have been committed to for a long time, we continue to return that cash to our shareholders in the form of those dividends and stock buybacks, and that increase just represents the ongoing confidence of that business model continue to produce that kind of free cash flow in the future.
Kevin P. March: Chris, I think Jim asked earlier about any capacity considerations that we have and sort of addressed that one, I won't repeat that one. On the OpEx front, as I mentioned early on also, we will be expecting to take tighter controls on that certainly as we go to 4Q and reduced outlook. And we'll continue to manage Opex as we traditionally do to what our revenue outlook is. And so to the extent that the revenue continues to be a challenging environment, we'll continue to manage OpEx in a very tight fashion. I think it's about all I can really give you for color on that right now.
Kevin P. March: Yes, in the Other segment is where we book these nonrecurring items. So for example the gain that we had on the Japan pitch plan of $140 million -- $144 million was booked into that segment, and also the recovery we had on the business interruption insurance was booked to that segment. So that's another $60 million you saw go in there. So clearly, the 2 of those combined is going to bump up that operating margin percent pretty handsomely.
Kevin P. March: I think the publicly reported results of those companies actually show the benefit of the model that we've been trying to develop for TI overall, because it certainly produced very, very high and attractive margins, very low capital intensity and still generate lots of cash. Probably one of the larger differences between TI today and most of our Analog competitors is that we have quite a bit more available capacity than they do. And so clearly, our various segments, including our Analog segment, is experiencing portions of the end utilization charge that we've got as a result of that capacity. But we also believe that with our continuing share gains, and I might mention we do believe we have been gaining share again this year in Analog, that we would expect to fill up that capacity, and so that capacity continues to be quite valuable to our strategic plans as we look forward.
Kevin P. March: John, I think with wireless, we just recorded this, if you think of the 3 pieces inside, then you got OMAP, Connectivity and baseband. Baseband just reported about $54 million in the third quarter, and we expect that to be probably about the same in fourth quarter. As for the rest of wireless, going into those areas, probably going to be sub-$200 million is what we expect in the fourth quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yes, the separation, certainly from a product standpoint, is fairly straightforward. But as you point out, from an R&D standpoint, the engineering teams, that's a bit more of an effort. There are some people devoted exclusively to the Embedded Processing applications of those technologies as opposed to the wireless or the tablet and cellphone applications. And there are some engineering teams that actually cross both areas because there's some commonality. But that's the one that's probably a little more challenging to -- for realignment purposes. As it relates to -- on a go-forward basis, the separation, the -- we find that business is under way. But again, we'll report on that when we have a little bit more behind us in the future.
Kevin P. March: Okay. Glen, I think that, just from a macro standpoint, certainly there's a lot of -- we just kind of surveyed the global environment. We're looking that -- in the U.S., you got a fiscal cliff that people are wondering what's going to wind up happening. You got a potential change in many people in the national government and lots of discussion about regulatory and tax changes, and that's certainly causing people to kind of sit on the sidelines and perhaps wait and see what new rules are going to be. In China, you got this similar sort of thing and they've got a once in 10-year change in their government happening this fall. And you got to imagine that those business people have a similar perspective that some of the rules may change with the new government, and so therefore they would also be inclined to slow down much the same way as we see here in the Americas. And finally, in Europe, again similar. Everybody knows there's a serious debt problem that must be addressed, and that's going to require some meaningful change, certainly in the tax environment and other regulatory elements there. You can imagine a similar sort of thing there. So I'd say that if I tried to compare this environment to some of those doom and gloom ones that you just alluded to in the last 10 years or more, these are certainly 3 examples of things that are probably quite different from any time during those past 10 years.
Kevin P. March: I think Ron just said it. What I'm about to say is going to be wrong. Let me just say that clearly, what we have done, Glen, is anticipate that we're going to grow TI whether or not the economy rose and prices along with it, will we grow because we're able to compete more successfully against our competitors with better product and better manufacturing remains to be seen. But that's why we invested in the manufacturing capacity that we have, and it's already bought and paid for. So even if we do wind up with a flat environment that's unattractive or a very strong growth environment that's very attractive, our manufacturing footprint is taken care of. Our CapEx bill is basically behind us, and so the result should be either -- whether result of growth is going to be very nice in the bottom line but certainly to the cash generation that, that will deliver for us. As it relates on the OpEx front, clearly in the near term, we're slowing down OpEx expenditures in light of the revenue environment that we're looking at. And we'll look into them and manage those pretty tightly. You may recall that we had talked in the past the model that we have for OpEx was that in periods of relatively weak revenue growth, our OpEx is probably going to be pushing up towards 30%. And in periods of stronger revenue growth, our OpEx will slide down closer to 20%. We're just -- we're probably in the mid to upper 20s right now, and we'll have to see where we'll go. But we will be operating with Opex inside those ranges, and we'll just see where the revenue outlook actually takes us and adjust accordingly.
Kevin P. March: Yes, on a -- certainly, the business interruption was up. You're talking about the revenues, so that's the business interruption insurance that went through the revenue line, driving that up, and that was offset by DLP being down and ASIC being down on a sequential basis. Those are the 3 main moving parts inside there.
Kevin P. March: David, we don't have any plans for end-of-life buys. We're going to support customers on whatever products they want to order, and that's the way we'll deal with that, which is typically how we'll deal with these things. When we, in the past, have changed the internal resource focus for other opportunities inside our portfolio, we've continued to honor whatever customers want on the old product, and we'll continue to do that on this as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I don't have a quarter-by-quarter guidance to give you. But what we said was it would be about $100 million in total, that will convert over to the program. And at any point in time, the revenue that is converting basically will shift out about 2 to 3 quarters. So as we step -- I'm sorry, 2 to 3 months, and it will move out about 2 to 3 months and we will complete the entire conversion process of that $100 million in 2 to 3 quarters time period. So again, as we, let's say if in the first quarter, just as an example, please don't take this as specific guidance. If we were to convert $40 million of SVA revenue over to this consignment support, basically that $40 million would not be in that first quarter in this upcoming quarter but would move out to the fourth quarter -- I'm sorry, into the first quarter. And then to the extent that we took additional revenue and converted over to consignment, let's say $50 million or $60 million in the following quarter, then there would be another $10 million to $20 million, depending upon the actual amount of additional headwind in that quarter. So again, during the process in which we're converting, so that 2- to 3-quarter time period, there will be a headwind in potentially sequential growth and certainly in year-on-year growth comparisons for SVA. And again, the total amount at the TI level will be pretty minimal. But if you're just looking at the SVA product line, it will be a more meaningful impact to that business.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I mean, again, we talked about the capacity side. But if your mindset is that Q4 very well might be the new normal, I would just say you're much more pessimistic than TI is about our long-term outlook for our business. I think we view or going through a rough patch for the economy overall, but by no means do we translate that to the new normal for Texas Instruments.
Ron Slaymaker: And, Vivek, I would also just add, when you take the products that TI has in our portfolio and if you compare them to any of those competitors that you might choose, I think our margins are probably very comparable, with the exception of underutilization differences here or there. But in general, the margins that we have for comparable products are very similar to that of our competitors is what I suspect because our pricing strategies are similar. It's not our objective to go out and underprice. It's not our objective to overprice. It's basically price the product competitively, and then try to win on features and performance and support that we can offer that customer. And I think from a cost standpoint, a manufacturing cost standpoint, put our costs probably up against any manufacturers in the world in terms of Analog. So I think that bigger difference, when you look at our business overall, is just that we are a much larger player than any of the companies that you named. And when you -- your strategy is to, as it is in some of those cases, is just to run just a very high gross margin business and be selective only for those pieces of business that support that gross margin, that's a fine strategy for that particular company, but it's going to result in a lower revenue level. Our strategy is to generate a very large Analog business that will generate a very attractive cash flow, and that means we're going to participate in a broader spectrum of business than what some of those more narrow competitors would be. So I would suggest probably that's the bigger difference, and in fact, when we go head-to-head with comparable products to those various competitors, margins are probably very similar.
Ron Slaymaker: John, I don't -- I would say it is running very consistent with the outlook that we provided. We're not -- it's not a big bounce-back that's would cause us to question the numbers we've given nor has it deteriorated such to the point that whether we question those numbers again. So again, probably no real trend change in the month of October that would cause us to revisit one or the other. I guess one thing I could point out, and this is not so much for the month of October, but if you just look back at third quarter, another metric -- we look at our cancellations, and cancellations in the quarter actually were down sequentially. And I would say would be down below what we would consider normal levels. So when we take that data and put it together, we had a small upside in the quarter, it really just kind of points to that view that we have customers and distributors really running lean levels of inventory and continuing to provide us short visibility in orders that they placed in the form of backlog. So at the same time, we're in a position where our lead times are short, our inventory is sufficient. It allows us to operate well in that environment, but it's the nature of the market environment we're operating in.
Ron Slaymaker: For Q1? Sure. It is basically flat. It really is flat. So I think if you just do a 5-year average, you would see TI revenue down 4%. But that includes a pretty dramatic drop in the first quarter of 2009. So I exclude that as an outlier. Basically, I get TI revenue flat fourth quarter to first. And that holds true for our calculator business as well as business overall. So we don't have any kind of significant calculator seasonality in Q1 that would affect us the way it does in Q4. Okay, Stacy? And again, to your point, that's not -- if you go back and look at the record books, that's not necessarily a -- as a reported number. That is including SVA historical revenue and excluding baseband, and we make both of those adjustments really to try to mirror what our current portfolio looks like and what those historical trends might tell you about revenue trends on a go-forward basis.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, that's pretty straightforward, Tore, and it has to do with lead times that are running short. This isn't a case where lead times are on average 12 weeks. We would come into the quarter with the quarter pretty much fully booked. In this case, lead times are very short, and so there really is a, based upon our backlog, the backlog is not the full story. So things could turn out better than what we have at the middle of our guidance range or they could turn out worse, and that's why we give a range of revenue guidance. But especially in an environment like this where there's just a lot of moving pieces going on with the overall economic situation, as Kevin pointed out, and our backlog visibility is running short as our lead times.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I understand. Let me first of all say, when we're talking about inventory, of course, we're referring to inventory of TI components. Generally, even at our OEMs much less for customers that purchased through distributors, we don't have a lot of downstream visibility into their end products and into their inventory. To the extent -- I think distributors are trying just like TI as to really stay on top of the demand trends and make inventory adjustments on a real-time basis, so that they do not get into an excess situation. I think over the last few quarters, you've heard us talking about distributor inventory holding at about or just below 6.5 weeks I think for 3 quarters now. So -- and clearly, revenues have been shifting around, and we've had a few surprises in that environment. So I guess what I would say is I think distributors, OEM customers, TI, ourselves, we're all trying to just really keep aligned with end demand to avoid inventory going one way or the other. There's just a lot of sensitivity there. So hopefully, we do that going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I don't have -- other than the information we provided for you on wireless, I don't have a -- or I'm going to -- not going to break the guidance down segment-by-segment. So that's -- those kinds of assumptions are what you guys get paid to do. In terms of shutdown, obviously, when our utilization goes down and runs low, there are a lot of different methods that we use to maintain the efficiency of our factories. And so shutdowns and idling and scheduling vacation or holiday times and breaks are part of what we do. But I don't have anything to set here and discuss publicly in terms of how we will deal with it other than those are usually part of the mix. Before we end this call, let me remind you that we have an upcoming investor meeting on November 1 at our Silicon Valley Analog facility in Santa Clara, California. At this meeting, our Analog manager, Brian Crutcher, and his management team will update investors on our strategy for growth in Analog and our execution progress. So if you have not already registered for this meeting, please do so or contact us if you need additional information. Of course, if you're unable to attend the meeting, we will have it webcast live and available on our website. With that, let me thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
