Rafael Lizardi: So let me answer the last one first, yes. And now let me go back to your question. So as I -- there is a bit of an echo on the call, but as I -- as we talked a lot on the call 90 days ago, we have reduced our wafer starts to align our operating plan better with our revenue expectations; we did that in fourth quarter, and we are doing that again in the first quarter. That does drive lower factory loadings, and that does have a P&L effect but the way we're thinking about it is as an owner, is from a cash standpoint. So inventory is a use of cash, as we drive down inventory that actually helps cash. And more importantly, it sets us up to support our revenue expectations for the coming year. As to revenue expectations, those revenue expectations change overtime, then we'll adjust the factory loadings and utilization in order to manage that appropriately.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, just to add to that, we are proactively setting the operating plan so that we can manage whatever comes at us. So it's at a level that if we can run sideways for a while, we are prepared to support our potential snapback. Or if it's deeper and longer, then we have to make further adjustments but we are in a good position to make those adjustments and protect the cash flow and have the company in a position going forward.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so that's a good question, let me just give you a few things to think about on that. First, as I said before, at the end of the day our objective here is to maximize long-term growth of free cash flow, so that's how we think about all these norms [ph]. Loadings and inventory is one of them, CapEx is another one, that all we're doing is trying to maximize that long-term growth. With inventory, as we say, we see value in owning that inventory, that's part of the reason why we are building that low volume, those low-volume buffer that we talked about is also the reason why we are increasing the consignment inventory. And that does push -- put upward pressure on inventory. At the same time, we -- overall we have lowered the operating plan, so that is to control the cash that's used for inventory, more or so than any particular inventory days target. Now to get to the heart of your specific question, it depends, right. So if this thing gets weaker, then inventory days could theoretically go up higher than 152. If it stays above stable, then over one, two or three quarters, we'll get back to the insider range.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me give you my view, and then Dave may go ahead and chime in. But capacity planning for new 300-millimeter tranche of capacity, that's something we've got to take very seriously, and something that has a very long-term horizon. So this is something that is not changed by small fluctuations in short-term expectations, so we are continuing the planning process on that and right now we have options to consider and we'll continue thinking of that. As we have said, I think 90 days ago, whenever we do decide to go that route, if we do build our factory, that'd probably be a $600 million to $700 million cost on the shell, the actual building, and that will probably spend over a couple of years. So that's not the only option we have for -- to expand capacity, we can always buy an existing factory and that's another option that we're considering. And also I would say, the -- if we do build a factory, there are multiple locations that we're considering.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so I'll go ahead and take that. First, step back real quick, OpEx is just another knob that we have to optimize long-term growth of free cash flow per share, right; at the end of the day, that is the long-term objective. And in the case of OpEx, it's an opportunity to invest in R&D, so to put more products for industrial and automotive is an opportunity to invest in demand creation on the SG&A side and other things, other initiatives that's going to strengthen our competitive advantages. If you look at 2018, that OpEx came in at about 1% growth versus the previous year and 20.5% of revenue. On a go-forward basis for 2019, for dollars of OpEx, I would expect somewhere in the neighborhood, maybe up a couple of percentage points for pay and benefit increases, something along those lines. But generally speaking, at about that same level, all OpEx. Now you asked specifically about the quarter, we give you a range for revenue, a range for EPS; we don't get in the lines between, but I will tell you we're not expecting anything unusual. You can look at the fall-through -- expected fall-through on revenue to GPM [ph] and do your own models, and you should get to a reasonable assumption or conclusion for those lines in between.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, thanks for the question. So, again, let me step back and remind everybody, what's our intent when it comes to repurchases; and our intent is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company and that objective has not changed. We do that through a combination of dividends and buybacks, and we will be -- we have been and will be opportunistic with repurchases as it makes sense. So for example, in 2018, as I mentioned earlier, our free cash flow was $6.1 billion, that was an increase of 30% from the previous year. And we'd return $7.7 billion throughout the year through a combination of dividends and buybacks. And that year-on-year free cash flow growth was the biggest driver of that increase in returns, as a $6.1 billion increase from $4.7 billion in the previous year.
Rafael Lizardi: And just to add to that, as we've said in prepared remarks and during the call; we think this weakness is primarily due to the semiconductor cycle. We've grown for third quarter in a row [ph], and that's the sort of thing that happens in the semiconductor industry. And in addition to that, the macro environment, including the trade tensions could also be having an impact and could affect that and the duration of [indiscernible].
Rafael Lizardi: All right. So let me finish with a few comments on some key items for you to remember. First, during this period of weaker demand, we will stay focused on what will make us stronger long-term and diligent in the short-term. Second, we will remain focused on the Analog and Embedded, the best products, and Industrial and Automotive, the best markets. Third, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning all free cash flow to the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and certainly, both of those segments do have different end market exposure. We talked about the benefits that Analog is staying in comms equipment. You know, most of our PE revenues in Analog is well, so that's the difference, we do have some inside of Embedded. But -- and John, if you look at year-over-year growth rates for as long as we've had the segments out there, you'll notice in times that they are actually moving in opposite directions but overtime, if you look at those numbers, they really do perform more similar. And then, also if you look at just industry data for the Analog market and compare that to the Embedded market, those behave differently. So I think that that's just kind of the facts of how those two businesses behave. Thank you, we'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: And I'd just add Harlan; that last year we had about $4.8 billion of our Analog revenue on 300-millimeter footprint, that was up from about $4 billion, that's real close to what the Analog segment actually grew. So again, we plan to talk about as Analog would grow, that it would be 300-millimeter that would support the growth. And roughly, that's what we've seen again this quarter.
Dave Pahl: Let me give you some background there. First, as I mentioned earlier on the call, all the knobs that we have at the end of the day are to optimize and maximize long-term growth of free cash flow per share; so that's the main objective, as you know very well from knowing us for many years and our capital management strategy. So CapEx is one of those knobs, and for CapEx specifically, what is the objective, it's to invest and support in new technology development, it's revenue growth and to expand our low-cost manufacturing advantage. So in 2018, we spent $1.1 billion for CapEx and as you pointed out, that was 7.2% of revenue. At the same thing, we generated $6.1 billion of free cash flow, that was 30% growth on free cash flow from the previous years. So despite that CapEx, we increased free cash flow, that 30%. Now that CapEx is positioning us to grow the top line and free cash flow for a long time to come. Now given, as you pointed out and as our midpoint and our range implies, decelerating market, then we can do things differently on CapEx. Going forward, I expect -- if conditions continue, a slowdown in CapEx, probably not in the first quarter, maybe not even in the second quarter, but over 2019. We'll just keep that in mind -- keep in mind that is all dependent on expectations of growth beyond that for years, not just 2019 or even 2020. So we'll adjust those -- we'll adjust the CapEx plan as those expectations change.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think that when we look at them, they both slowed in the quarter. We actually saw industrial; it was really broad-based growth on -- from a year-on-year basis, it was double digits but inside of the quarter, it actually grew upper single digits. And then automotive again, it had slowed, but it grew double digits in total for the year but for the quarter, for year-on-year quarter it grew in low-single digits. So again, both of those markets are growing but certainly not at the rates that we have seen over the past few years. Okay, thank you, Chris. And we'll go to our next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think it's hard for us to actually distinguish that specifically. But the one thing that we did see was, distributors did get more cautious on their inventory late in the quarter. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks; I think that kind of coupled with the signs of weakness that we saw in China, that's really led us to the belief that that's part of the caution that they are seeing from a trade tension standpoint. So -- okay, thank you, Chris and we'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'd say that we saw probably about $50 million impact in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter -- Rafael, you can remind me, it's about $20 million or $30 million…
Dave Pahl: Certainly. So industrial declined upper single digits, I'd just say those declines were broad-based. Automotive declined upper single digits with all sectors decreasing, personal electronics declined low double digits, comms equipment grew single digits, and enterprise systems declined. So with that, I think we have time for one more caller.
Dave Pahl: Amit, when we give our guidance we don't do it by end markets unless there is something specific that is going on that kind of would be discontinuous with how things are operating. So we'll finish up the quarter and let that -- it will provide the details by end markets then. But clearly, the weakness that we saw in the third quarter continued into the fourth. Obviously, that -- we're continuing to expect that to continue into first.
Dave Pahl: I think when you look at the quality of the opportunity in the Analog and Embedded space, if market share just doesn't move quickly across any of our peers in these marketplaces; and I think that just really speaks to the quality of that opportunity. So we continue to invest in our competitive advantages which are our manufacturing and technology we talked about earlier, the breadth of our product portfolio, the reach of our market channels which includes our sales force and the size of it but also our presence at TI.com, and then diversity and longevity. So we're not dependent on any particular customer or product or technology to drive that revenue. So we're working and investing to make those stronger, it's just hard to pick up market share; I can tell you that everyone here at TI will be focused on that even as we go through the downturn, and probably have even more diligence and intensity around that overall. But again, if you could make that number higher, we absolutely would, but it is a hard thing to move. So with that, let me turn it over to Rafael to add some final comments.
Dave Pahl: Okay, thank you for joining us. Again, please plan to join us for our Capital Management call on February 5 at 10 AM Central Time. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
