Ron Slaymaker: Thanks Kevin. Operator you can now open the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourselves to a single question. After our response, we’ll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow up. Operator.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay Uche, I’ll take the latter part then I’ll let Kevin make any comments he would choose about profitability there. The composition of baseband these days is 80% of that revenue is 3G and then that would leave 20% basically representing the older technologies. By comparison in the year ago quarter, 50% of that baseband revenue was 3G. So we’ve seen a very significant market shift over the course of the past year away from the older technologies and towards 3G and I believe you commented that I would agree that in terms of competitor pressure at Nokia where again they’ve acknowledged and they have a strategy to multi-source products, this year basically the competitors that they have on board will be addressing those older non-3G technologies which represent 20% of our baseband technology and then the 80% that is 3G to the best of our knowledge it will be 2011 before they have any other alternative suppliers on board with 3G basebands there. Kevin, the question regarding the contribution of baseband profitability to TI.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I just want to kind of reiterate some data I think that we shared at the Analyst Meeting. If you look at capital spending between the year 2007 and 2009, TI's capital spending was basically up 10% over that time period, where when we look at, general, the math of our competitors collectively, they were down -- and I believe this is an analog-specific comparison -- they were down on average 57%, and that doesn't even comprehend the fact that many of these analog competitors took a lot of capacity offline.  So, in addition not to spending on new capacity, they were taking capacity offline. Customers see that data. They see the spending we're doing -- that we did through 2009 plus what we've done in addition to that and frankly, they know how that's going, they know how to extrapolate into the future, know what that situation is going to result in, in terms of availability of product and that's why I think the situation Kevin's describing is there. They're already seeing some of these various competitors start to extend lead times while at the same time they are seeing TI pulling lead times, plus as Kevin said, really lay the path for our future in terms of these capacity investments.  So frankly, we think that's big; we think it's going to be a big differentiator for TI over the course of the next few years.
Ron Slaymaker: And Ross, the other thing I would point out is, when you're looking at $3.5 billion of incremental capacity or revenue generation, I mean look at our Analog business alone, second quarter '10 over $1.5 billion, so annualize that and call it a $6 billion business. I think, last year, we were at $4.2 billion, and it's still growing. So, as we said, the strategy is to have that capacity in place before we need it. We're not trying to forecast exactly over what time period we will fill it up, but just keep in mind we're at a $6 billion run rate in terms of that revenue level today.
Ron Slaymaker: And I think we also described in the release that there were some offset with lower royalties to that higher revenue as well. So Calculators was completely consistent with our expectations, and maybe even a little bit more.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I don’t know that I can sit there and describe a trajectory as we move through second quarter. I would say that orders quarter to date have remained strong and fully consistent with the outlook that we just provided in terms of revenue. In terms of our inventory expectations, we do not at this point try to project any kind of inventory plans because our inventory plans for the third quarter really have more to do with our outlook for the fourth quarter so we may give you more visibility as we move to the quarter but at this point, we typically don’t.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so obviously the incremental depreciation associated with that 200-milimeter Spansion fab is not very significant. Okay Glen, thank you for your questions and we will move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: And Kyle, I'll just remind you. I mean, we just reported 54.2% gross margin. We're almost to a point where we'll be rounding 55%, so hold your breath.
Ron Slaymaker: Kyle, unfortunately I don't think either of us probably have a lot of specific insight into where we're with that product line, unfortunately. Although if it's a product for handsets, which is where most of our Wi-Fi focus is, we have a very strong position. I think, I mentioned before that connectivity for TI is really focused on both discrete GPS chips as well as Wireless LAN, and I'll just note that industry analysts would estimate that last year, we had about 55% share of handsets are really smartphone Wi-Fi market share. So again that doesn't gets to the specific product that you're describing or asking about, but we have a very strong position and you can rest assured we're doing what we need to do in terms of new product development to extend if not expand that share. So, the other thing I would just point out on that is all of the connectivity options in a handset Wi-Fi is the least penetrated, but it's also the most rapidly expanding. So, we like that combination for our connectivity products, and that we have share in the connectivity technology that is growing fastest in handsets. So, we think great growth in terms of revenue in terms of that product line and we expect more going forward.
Ron Slaymaker: So again, just to reinforce, Analog grew 11% sequentially last quarter, Embedded Processing grew 17%. So as those areas continue to pace faster than our revenue overall, we'll continue to benefit.
Ron Slaymaker: So near term over the next six months the capacity expansion is a combination of 200-millimeter equipment that we've redeployed and spanned out through various fabs as well as the assembly test equipment. And then as we move through 2011, first half will be primarily affected by RFAB increasing and then second half would be a combination of further increases at RFAB as well as the 200-millimeter Spansion fab that would be in production by call it mid-2011.
Ron Slaymaker: Yeah, I would describe it this way, it’s a relatively small part of that business overall. There is commodity, product and more in that area so we have -- I don’t want to say it’s not meaningful; certainly it’s meaningful although it’s a pretty small part of that HVAL business and even inside of that space, you would have to say there is a trend away from commoditization as they try to address more higher valued opportunities within there so it’s relatively small and getting smaller as a percent of the total from a logic perspective. Okay Steve, thank you for your question and I think operator, we are going to have time for one additional caller and we’ll stop there.
Ron Slaymaker: Tim, I don’t have data on the order patterns by regions but I do on revenue and what I would say specific to Europe is Europe grew pretty much the same pace as our revenue did overall so if there’s weakness to come, it’s still ahead of us. We did not see it at all in the second quarter. So again, Europe, revenue grew at the same pace as TI revenue did overall last quarter. Okay Tim, thanks for your question and overall, thank you. We’re going to wrap up. Thank you for joining us.  A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin March: Sure Chris. What we saw was bookings actually broadly crossed all of our products and markets and across all the regions. We actually think the orders are coming in probably more consistently with underlying demand. You may recall that last quarter our book-to-bill was 1.14 and this quarter at 1.07. We believe what we’re seeing here is the effect of us in orderly fashion beginning to pull our lead times in, we’ve given our customers more confidence that don’t have to place orders on those (inaudible) as far out in the future as they have for the last three quarters and in addition the underlying demand is going on -- is increasing orders as well as the market share gains. So combined, we think the order pattern is beginning to align up a consistent way with the changing lead times and just underlying growth through market growth as well as market share gains.
Kevin March: Chris, I believe we talked about re-sales of distribution were up about 15% last quarter and in addition we were able to build some inventory in the distribution channel. I would point out that the turns in that channel continue to be at a certain low levels of about five turns overall.  On the point of consignment, that inventory cost when it was previously carried on the distribution books, is now moving on to our books and will constitute some growth that you’ll begin to see in our held inventory. But at 76 days, I’d categorize that has continued to be very lean inventory balances overall.  As we go forward, we will continue to convert more distributor inventory to a consignment arrangement and so that we’ll shift from their books onto our books, but that will be over the next year, year and a half or so before we complete that process.
Kevin March: Yeah, Uche on that question there, we’ve talked in the past about the baseband products operating about a 40% kind of gross profit margin level and we’ve described in the last couple of quarters how we’ve removed pretty much all of our R&D spending on that product line. Request for that -- support for that; customer service support low entry and things of that nature, factory planning still goes with that.  However given the nature that basebands are largely going to a single customer, we don’t really think it’s appropriate for us to give any further commentaries to profitability that would be happening inside of that particular product family.
Kevin March: Sure. RFAB is still on schedule to harvest our first production products exiting that factory by the end of this year. We announced of course phase one of the equipment claim to that fab late last year that would give us an incremental $1 billion of revenue capacity when fully up and running.  In the last quarter we announced that phase two, which will give us a second incremental $1 billion total, about $2 billion of delta revenue capability when fully up and running. Of course phase two will be fully up after phase one so expect that next year or beyond. But the quick answer is that by the end of this year we expect to have qualified products shipping from that factory able to begin to generate revenue.
Kevin March: Tristan, that’s probably -- I think over time, it makes sense that that 3G mix will continue stay on the trend that it has been. But whether that holds for any particular quarter is probably more precise than I would want to get and then similar just in terms of our outlook, we try to keep it at the company level as supposed to individuals segments or products lines. I really don’t have a forecast for you on what we’ll expect from wireless there. But again, in general we would expect to track overall, the general performance of our customer in that market.
Kevin March: Srini, I don’t have a specific forecast for you on that. I would just note the terms have been pretty quick at five weeks for an extended period of time right now and so those things tend to change at a fairly slow pace but beyond that I don’t have a specific forecast for you.
Kevin March: Okay Srini, I think in that customer’s own pre-announcement, they described general weakness in their high end business. So as you might expect that goes across more than just basebands. It would be across apps, processors and connectivity products in terms of where we saw some unexpected weakness.  Now, that being the case, if you look at the sequential trends, one you’ll note is that basebands were down where the other areas collectively still went up. So again that was -- but from what we were expecting with let’s say early June when we gave mid quarters guidance, all those really softened up somewhat because of that particular customer.
Kevin March: Okay Ramesh, what I would say is, Q2, if you look at just the last five years, the average has been at 10%, but also you kind of have to allow, at least consider last year's Q2 was exceptionally robust with 18% sequential growth. If you just move to the -- take that out and move -- look at the five years prior to that, it would have been 2 percentage points less, so 8%. So again, what we just reported, I would say generally right now that range of seasonal Q2. With respect to Q3, again the five-year average is 8%. Last year's Q3 was similarly robust with 17% sequential growth. So if you look at the five years prior to that and basically exclude the third quarter '09 you would get to a 5% growth number for sequentially Q3. 
Kevin March: We've talked in the past about the portfolio that should produce gross margins over time averaging around 55% and this is going to be just really a change in our mix as we move over time. I think we just did 54.2% this most recent quarter. Our focus as we move out in time now is really on top line. We believe the portfolio is able to deliver the kind of margins we talked in the past and the focus now is shifting really to accelerating our top line growth and being more aggressive with our market share gains.
Kevin March: Jim, lead times, we didn't actually characterize the number on it, that's why you didn't hear it. They came down a little bit again in second quarter as you saw in the first quarter. So we continue to make progress as we bring more capacity online and you could actually see the way we're supporting that is through de-stocking our fresh goods inventory.  And if you actually look at our balance sheet, you'll see that's where most of our inventory build was at. As we continue to bring capacity online, notwithstanding variability and demand going forward, we’d expect that lead time to continue to come down. And it's coming down pretty much across the board, so that is -- those items that were greater than 16 weeks, we saw some of those coming down to less than 16. Those that were greater than 14, we saw some of those come down to less than 14 and so on in each of those tranches as you take a look at them. We would expect continued progress on that front.
Kevin March: The sort of anecdotal evidence that we're hearing, Jim, is that at least some of our competitors are actually experiencing extended lead times. We, of course, don’t order from them, so we don't know exactly what that means but we are hearing those kinds of things and we're having customers coming to us and asking us, we can't help out with some of those issues. Their customers are also recognizing that unlike our competitors, we in fact had been pretty aggressive in putting in capacity not only opening a simple test site to the bottom of the downturn last year, but starting RFAB late last year and more recently the announcement we just did last week of the acquisition of the Spansion Japan factories. That seems to be resonating well with our customers and in fact, we believe this is helping us win additional orders that should accelerate our growth going forward and accelerate our gains against those competitors from a future standpoint, let alone current lead time issues that some of them are starting to experience.
Kevin March: Ross, I'll go ahead and answer that. I think -- we started talking last year that as we were coming into the downturn and watching what was going on there that we would remain poised to be opportunistic to go ahead and take advantage of acquisition of capacity as well as companies, if it made sense for the smaller companies we can buy in, because the prices are so attractive.  This is just a continuation of what we talked about back then. We have been able to acquire these manufacturing assets at extremely attractive prices. In the case of Qimonda, we were able to discuss what that pricing was. In the case of Spansion, we have not disclosed that. But I can say to you that our estimate is that the original acquisition cost of that capacity we bought is close to $2 billion and we spent -- got it for a very attractive price, one that we are not at all concerned about will cause us to have an undue level of fixed cost to have to incur should the demand take a long time to play out.  But to go back to what Ron said a few moments ago, with the underinvestment that we’ve seen from a competitor standpoint, we expect our growth rate in fact should be poised to accelerate versus our competitors, and we may look back on this a couple years from now and find this very inexpensive type capacity acquisition to be a very opportune move for us to make the company much larger.
Kevin March: Ross, I think that we had suggested that Calculator was typically up around $65 million 1Q to 2Q, and it came in a bit stronger than that, but it was within its normal pattern that we've see in year's past.
Kevin March: Craig, we think that it will be close to half the clean room will have equipment in it, so we'll have still half the clean room available for future expansion.
Kevin March: That's going to be a function of when we continue to find the kind of opportunistic equipment acquisition that we've got in these last couple of quarters. We really -- our interest there is to build that in a very cost effective fashion and not to build it at any cost. And so you'll probably continue to see us do what we have done, and that is when we see the right price for the right equipment, we will go ahead and pursue it and that will likely be in advance of when we actually need it.
Kevin March: Glen, I’d say it’s broad based. We do need to keep in mind that our third quarter is typically the quarter when customers will order material in anticipation of fourth quarter holiday sales, and even some orders in anticipation of the first quarter Chinese New Year holiday sales so this seems to be shaping up consistent with that.  In other words, we’ve got a global economy that’s still growing, albeit at a pace that may be just a little bit down -- summarily the second half versus the first half. It’s still growing nonetheless and the order pattern that we have seen reflects that, it’s broad based, it’s probably been very strong and as we indicated earlier in the industrial and automotive segments that Ron talked about it and it’s probably gotten more to a normal seasonal kind of demand pattern in some of the other areas such as computers and handsets.
Kevin March: Glen, I don’t have a forecast for you out quite that far but I would just kind of point you back to some of our spending over the last few years. Our depreciation over the last 12 months has been a little bit less than 7% for the last 12 months revenue.  Our CapEx, if you include the most recent acquisitions, have been under about 9%. We’ve been talking about a CapEx target of between 5-8% so I’d say the spending is pretty consistent with that sort of -- kind of goal, that is that you’ll probably see depreciation in the 5-8% kind of range over time, and looking forward with the CapEx that we’re doing right now, it’s probably going to be still inside that range just fine. Of course that’s a function of what you wind up with revenue up to 2011 and 12, but anticipation of the growth there, which of course is what we’re expecting with the capital acquisitions that we’re making.  I would expect to see that depreciation kind of stay inside that range without actually getting into a dollar amount right now.
Kevin March: Actually our shorter term and longer term focus is on revenue growth. We believe the model is well on its way there, and at this point in time rather than really focusing on that kind of model and discussion of that, our focus going forward is on the top line because we believe with the portfolio we have, it will deliver the results that we've talked about. This is how we'll maximize our earnings growth in the future by growing our top line.
Kevin March: Shawn, I guess probably about three or four quarters ago, we stopped discussion on utilization specifically, we were discussing it when it was illustrative of what was going on, it was dropping so fast and coming back up so sharply. Our utilization levels have fared back to a much more normal level, are somewhat elevated right now given the strong demand which is why we're adding capacity. Our utilization levels really didn't change that much last quarter to this quarter, and I wouldn't expect them to change too much going to next quarter partly as a function of we're bringing on additional capacity, and so we're kind of staying ahead of it now.
Kevin March: On gross margins, yeah, really what we wind up with is mix as I had in my opening comments, not only was the majority of our revenue delta in our core product areas, but the majority of our profit dollars came through that, and that mix contributed along the GPM line as well as the operating profit line.
Kevin March: Chris, I can't give a precise answer on that, I sure would like to be able to say yes, but that's going to be not only a function of the order mix that comes in, but also a function of just how fast the top line continues to grow. I mean, I’d get – it’d be fairly safe in saying that we are growing at the upper end of our guidance, it’s going to be harder than it is if grow at the midpoint or at the lower end of our guidance, but beyond that I couldn't give you a specific forecast.
Kevin March: Yeah, I think the biggest capacity increase really are on two fronts over the next six months, that's we've already discussed with the RFAB and that is 300-millimeter RFAB coming up and actually getting production material on that by the end of the year. That will be at relatively low volumes at first as you can expect, but it will ramp up all through next year. And then as to the Spansion fabs, we will get started pretty quickly here on getting process adjusted in there, so we can start wafers in those fabs by the end of the year, but I don't expect to see them qualify for production until sometime in middle of next year when we could start to actually generating revenue on product coming out of that.
Kevin March: Doug, actually I can't comment on that because I don't know the specific answer to that question. I'm sorry. It's clearly important to us in that most of these acquisitions that we've done are quite small and when we expose to the extent that becomes product mix [ph] exposure to our sales force, we find those very attractive because often times we can sell the product as fast enough to recover our purchase price and furnish our order, but beyond that to say how much it’s actually increased our market share gains, I’d be a bit hard to press, really articulate a number right now because I just don't know the answer to that.
Kevin March: Doug, on the cash, as you observed, we didn't pick up our buyback since last year. We bought back $500 million of shares in the first quarter and $750 million in the second quarter. As we've been doing – by the way, we have about $1.3 billion of unexpended authorization remaining. As we've done over the past few years to the extent that stock buybacks remain accretive that will be one way that we use cash, but really it’s important to note that the first priority for our cash is to just towards [ph] growth and that will be as you've been seeing us do either through acquisitions of companies, as we acquired in about a few moments ago, or opportunistic acquisition of capacity. And of course, the third way that we use the cash is in the form of when the Board approves to deliver back to shareholders in dividends. On the hiring front, I don't have any specific comments on that other than to say that as we bring on these factories, we've already talked about in the Richardson fab that several hundred people will hired to staff that fab as the equipment comes online, and we did mention in the acquisition announcement last week of the Spansion factories that we would hire almost all of the people that are there, that's 450 plus people that we'd hired there. And as to the IT budget, that's something my CIO would like to know and I'll talk to him about when we do annual plan times for next year.
Kevin March: We expect to be providing continuing transition services. Spansion is already supplying to a customer out of that factory and we expect to continue to do that while we're bringing our own manufacturing processes in there and to a large extent, we would anticipate those transition services would largely offset our carrying costs of that operation while we're bringing up our Analog processes.
Kevin March: Well, I think that Ron characterized earlier that if you take out last year seasonally, you might see 3Q grow to something like 5% in our forecast right now. The middle of our forecast is something like 6% right now so we’re probably in a round, seasonal kind of growth and honestly, it’s pretty broad based, it’s across all of our product lines, there’s no one area that we’re looking as being different from what we’d normally expect versus any other area right now.
