Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned, fourth quarter revenue was $4.7 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $3.1 billion, or 66% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, increased capital expenditures and the transition of LFAB-related charges to cost of revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 320 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $863 million, up 9% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.4 billion, or 17% of revenue. Restructuring charges were $48 million in the fourth quarter and were associated with the LFAB factory preproduction costs. As production started at the beginning of December, these costs then transitioned to cost of revenue, where they will be reflected moving forward. In addition, depreciation has begun on these assets. Operating profit was $2.2 billion in the quarter, or 47% of revenue. Operating profit was down 13% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $2.0 billion, or $2.13 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.11 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $2.0 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.0 billion in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.9 billion, down 6% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased $848 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $7.9 billion in the past 12 months to owners. We also increased our dividend per share by 8% in the fourth quarter, marking our 19th year of dividend increases. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. In the quarter we issued $800 million in debt. Total debt outstanding was $8.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.93%. Inventory was up $353 million from the prior quarter to $2.8 billion, and days were 157, up 24 days sequentially. Next, to summarize the benefits of the CHIPS Act, we accrued about $350 million on our balance sheet under long-term assets in fourth quarter, in addition to the $50 million accrued in the third quarter. These accruals are due to the 25% investment tax credit for investments in our U.S. factories. This will eventually flow through our income statement as lower depreciation, and we will receive the associated cash benefit in the future. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2022, cash flow from operations was $8.7 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.8 billion, or 14% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2022 was $5.9 billion, or 30% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe that growth of free cash flow per share is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.17 billion to $4.53 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.64 to $1.90. We now expect our 2023 annual effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Let me take that, and we're going to go through all of that, both the CapEx, depreciation and ITC and the CHIPS Act in great detail next week. For now, what I would tell you is, as you said, RFAB2 is in production, Lehi is in production. So both of those are running that cost now is in cost of revenue, and they’re both depreciating and that that is a function of the – when the equipment is placed in service, it starts depreciating, right? So as both of those ramps, the equipment goes in service starts depreciating. But big picture, what we told you last year on depreciation was that it would ramp roughly linearly to about $2.5 billion in 2025. And again, we’ll give you an update on that next week, but I do want to say just as I said 90 days ago, that since we talked about this last year, our confidence surrounding our long-term growth prospects have only grown. And if you alluded to, we’ve had the CHIPS Act also since last year that, that legislation pass in August. So we’ll – next week, we’ll give you the – all the puts and takes between those trends and we’ll paint a clearer picture at that point.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me go ahead and start. Yes, let me address first on your margin question. Analog is a huge portion of the company. So anything you’re seeing in analog is what you’re seeing at the company level. And when it comes to gross profit, we’re very pleased with the results you came in about as expected. And decreases, as we said in the prepared remarks, it decreased primarily due to lower revenue, the transition of LFAB-related cost to a cost of revenue, as well as the cost related to increased investments over the last several quarters that are now flowing through the P&L. And those are long-term investments that are going to position us very well for top-line growth for many, many years to come. And on this, the second part of the question, I think Dave already answered, you go to look at this over a long time, not any one quarter and particularly during choppy times. So, stay tuned on that.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So the CHIPS Act has both an ITC, investment tax credit and grants. So you’re asking about the grants. We’re still working through those details. We do not have an update to share right now though the applications open in February. So we are actively – we’re going to actively seek funding on those in whatever – for whatever we could qualify. So we’re going to submit our application in February. But right now, we don’t have any information to share on that. The – all the accruals that we have taken so far, the 400 million that we have taken are all for the ITC, for the investment tax credit, 25% investment credit for U.S.-based manufacturing.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. In fact, let me take a second and kind of walk through how it flows through the financial. So you can actually look at our balance sheet on the Page 4 of our release. The other long-term assets that is up to 1.1 billion. You can see the increase year-on-year, that’s the 400 – that’s what a 400 million receivable is for that ITC. If we had not taken the ITC, that $400 million would have gone to property, plant and equipment. So you can see property, plant and equipment $6.9 billion that would have been $7.3 billion. So instead on a long-term asset, a receivable therefore it's not going to depreciate that $400 million doesn't appreciate because it's not part of PP&E, and eventually, we'll get the cash. Now to your question right now, based on our interpretation of the law, we're not going to get that cash until late 2024. And then every year, it will be like one-year in areas, right? You get a kind of one-year late, but that could change. Clearly, that's something that companies are advocating forward to get that cash early. But right now, we're not planning to get that until 2024. So again, that's how you see it on the balance sheet, lower PP&E. You see a receivable instead. Then because of lower PP&E, you have lower depreciation over the life of the asset [ph] and then the receivable because the receivable venture, you get the cash, so it goes from a receivable to the cash line, right? And then eventually, we return it to the owners of the company or use it for other – for the corporate core business. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So yes, so not to add more confusion, but we get the cash through filing the taxes. However, this will not affect the tax rate because the accounting will put that, as I just described, through lower PP&E and you actually see the cash in the cash flow statement in the investing section. But the actual receiving of the cash happens at tax filing time in October or so of September of every year, and we just paid less taxes to that. But again, not to confuse you, the tax rate will not change.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. No, I’m happy to address that. So first, these are long-term investments in nature. The R&D, clearly that’s where we get the, continue to build on the broad portfolio. That’s where we have process technology and that we get results over many, many years into the future. And we’re going to protect those investments. But it’s not just R&D, even in SG&A we have areas that are tied to capabilities. TI.com is the best example. That’s another place where we’re investing, and that’s tied to a long-term top line growth of the company to be strengthening the reach of channels advantage, you could add CapEx to that picture. That’s also obviously a long-term investment to strengthen our manufacturing and technology advantage. If you look at the, over the last four or five years, our OpEx, so R&D and SG&A, they’ve been at a very steady $3.2 billion for like four or five years. This year for the first time, we picked that up to $3.4 billion. So we went up a little bit as we increased investments. And actually that was an impact on due to inflation, which we’re not immune to that, you can expect that to continue increasing a little bit over the, in 2023 and over the next several years as we continue to increase investments. There’s also the inflation component and but big picture, those are great long-term investments that will feel the growth for the company over the next 10 to 15 years.
Dave Pahl: And maybe just add a small piece that linear ramp will go from about $1 billion a depreciation that we had this year at about $0.5 billion a year till we get to $2.5 billion, so just kind of doing the math for you. So thanks, Chris, and we’ll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So let me take that. And first, big picture let me point you to our scorecard. The one that we used for capital management when we talked about the objectives in – when it comes to inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, keeping stable lead times while minimizing inventory obsolescence, our strategy and our portfolios such that it’s long-lived a very diverse, our customer base. So the risk of obsolescence is very low. So that’s a part of the equation. And the other part is the upside that we get by having that inventory both short-term and long-term to support customers. So that’s why we’re comfortable holding higher levels of inventory. I’ve been talking about from current levels we could add a $1 billion to $2 billion of additional inventory. And the timing, that all depends on revenue trends. So if they’re higher, then it’ll take longer. If those serving trends are a little weaker, then it’ll be a little faster to get there.  On the mix is a number of angles on that, chip stock versus finished goods, we have a mix of both of those. In some cases, it makes sense to have more of one than the other, but they’re both very low risk. So that’s how we think about it.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I’ll take that question and Rafael, if you want like to add. But I think certainly looking at any particular quarters we’ve talked about before that our performance is just best measured over time. And I think that that’s the way the markets behave and even looking at one year or even longer, you’ve got to look at three and five and 10 years of performance especially when you go through choppy times like we’ve been through in the last 18 months or so. And so pricing just to comment on that, I’d say that there’s nothing unusual going on with pricing. As you know, pricing doesn’t move quickly in our markets, our practices and pricing though I know that they’ve changed with many of our peers, our practices have not changed. We just continue to price aggressively in the marketplace, but pricing isn’t the reason why customers choose our product. There’s usually not the top few reasons why they choose our product. So really no changes on that front. So thank you for those questions, and we’ll go to the next caller.
Dave Pahl: Yes, yes. Thanks. Great, great question. Thank you for it. Yes, first I would just say that our efforts having impact, they are. And I would just say that we’re  pleased with the progress that we’re making there with embedded. And we believe that progress in those results just need to be measured again over time. So, we continue to work on that business and we’ll continue to do that. When we think about the market opportunity for embedded and analog, we think that both of those markets have about the same growth opportunities. So in time the growth rates will converge, though they could be – you could see differences in any given quarter. But longer term, we believe that they can grow at the same rates. So thank you. And Harlan will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So year-on-year, automotive was up about 30%. And just put that in context from fourth quarter 2019. I just picked that because it’s pre-pandemic levels are – revenues in auto are up in the mid-70%s [ph]. So we continue to see strong growth there. So that’s the year-on-year. The comment that we made before that it was up mid single-digits it was the sequential comment, Tim.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Thank you, Joshua. And thank you all for joining us. Again, we look forward to sharing with you our capital management update next Thursday, February 2nd, at 10:00 AM Central Time. And a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
