Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $4.4 billion, down 11% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.9 billion, or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit margin decreased 480 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $929 million, up 14% from a year ago, and about as expected. On a trailing 12 month basis, operating expenses were $3.5 billion or 18% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.9 billion in the quarter, or 44% of revenue and was down 25% from a year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.7 billion or $1.85 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.03 benefit for items that were not in our original guide. Let me now comment on our capital management results. Starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion in the quarter and $7.7 billion on a trailing 12 month basis. Capital expenditures were $982 million in the quarter and $3.3 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12 month basis was $4.4 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $100 million of our stock. In total, we have returned $7.5 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.5 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. In the quarter, we issued $1.4 billion of debt. Total debt outstanding was $10.2 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.2%. Inventory dollars were up $531 million from the prior to $3.3 billion and days were 195, up 38 days sequentially. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.17 billion to $4.53 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.62 to $1.88. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: So let me start with reminding everybody our objective for inventory. And you can go back to our capital management call. I believe slide seven. You look at the objective there is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence. We have a range there. It's just meant to be informative and it's 132 greater than 200. I just wanted to clarify that versus the number that you mentioned. Now, the more important thing is, you know, I refer you to slide 13 in that deck. And anybody who hasn't seen that, you can download it from our website, go to slide 13. That shows you how we think about planning for the long-term. So through semiconductor, the ups and downs of the semiconductor cycle and that informs how we manage inventory, also informs how we are investing in CapEx. So we're thinking through the cycles over the long-term, but certainly inventory is one of those things that we take that trend into account. In the near term, we expect to have an upward bias on inventory as we prepare for long-term growth.
Rafael Lizardi: We're not breaking down specifics on that. But if you were going to do it linearly, you would get to the $1.4 billion unchanged and then $500 million plus on top of that every year until you get to about $2.5 billion in 2025. So it's going to run lower than that, yes, this year, and we'll give you an update the next capital management on subsequent years.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Those are the right three parts. And of course, this is over the long-term. Any one quarter, things -- there are many moving pieces, for example, mix always a place a factor, you have more auto and industrial that's different than personal electronics, right? But at a high level, over a long enough period, yes, those are the trends that the factors you should take into account when modeling this.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No. I would tell you, it was similar to Ambrish's question, high level, think of the model we've given you is 70% to 75% fall-through. But that in any one quarter, even if it's on a year-on-year basis, but especially sequentially on relatively small changes in revenue, that's not going to work very precisely, right? So but over a long enough time, that works well. As we just talked about, you had the depreciation. And then in this particular quarter, you have to adjust for the cost that were in restructuring that were for Lehi that now go to primarily to cost of revenue. Now there are other factors that are going to play, for example, and I mentioned it to Ambrish a second ago, but mix is a factor. So you get a quarter with a lot more industrial automotive and less personal electronics, that plays into it. And the final one, depreciation doesn't necessarily immediately flow through the P&L because it needs to be matched to inventory. So that generally flows through inventory first and then so that sometimes delays the impact of -- the true impact of depreciation to the gross margin. But clearly, depreciation, as I mentioned earlier, it is increasing, so it's coming. So over a long enough time, multiple quarters, certain years, you need to factor it as we have talked about, right, the fall-through and the increase in depreciation.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So stepping back, CHIPS Act has an investment tax credit, ITC, and a grant. There's two components that have the potential to benefit us. If you go to our capital management document, we talked about those, and we said we are planning on the benefits from the ITC, and we're accruing those benefits. On the grant, we're not because the grants are highly discretionary. It's up to the Department of Commerce. So on those -- we're not counting on those, but we're applying to those grants, and we're in the process of submitting those applications and we're asking for everything we can get there. But right now counting on nothing. Now let me just focus on the ITC, which is the one that we are booking on the balance sheet. This last quarter, we accrued another $200 million benefit. So that's on top of the roughly $400 million last year. So now we have a total benefit that we have accrued of $600 million. That number will continue increasing for the rest of the year, and that's a 25% of qualifying assets in the United States. So we'll continue to increase that number over the year. And then what happens is we benefit in a couple of ways. One, the P&L that accrual comes out of the PP&E, property plant equipment basis. So now you have a lower basis to depreciate. So their depreciation is going to be lower going forward. We're already getting a small benefit of that this year, but it's in a couple of million dollars, but that will grow over time as those -- that equipment goes into -- is placed in service and now they appreciate at a lower rate. More importantly, the cash benefit associated with that will get the following year. So anything that we accrue this year and -- in '22 and is placed in service in 2023, we will get that cash at the end of 2024, okay? And we're -- that's what we're planning on. I think that answers your question fairly well. Okay.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So our linearity was stronger in the last month of the quarter. And in backlog, I would say, as you know, we've got sales flowing through ti.com. We've got sales that are on consignment where we get direct feeds and we don't actually carry a backlog. So we just don't put a lot of emphasis on the backlog. Overall, I think compared to many of our peers. But we've got really good visibility because of our close relationships with customers. The fact that we're carrying, we're owning and controlling that inventory more directly. And so actually we've got -- we believe that gives us really great visibility on demand. So thank you, Chris. We'll go to next caller.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I think that as we've talked about before, sure, doesn't move quickly. We're in a position as we're building inventory to support higher demand if it was to materialize. So again we think that's mostly reflective of what's going on in the market. I think that's consistent with what you see from customers and other data that you can see that's out there. Thank you, Joe. And I believe we've got time for one more caller, please.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core, we're engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is the growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would one as our neighbour. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And again we're not trying to provide guidance by specific markets. The overall outlook is roughly flat into second quarter. If we had something specific to call out, we would. And I think our approach to building closer relationships with customers, what we're doing in our channels, our product portfolio continues to strengthen. The capacity that we add are all things that continue to put us in a great position to service customers and service them well over time. But yeah so we're just not going to go into specifics of each market in the second quarter. So thanks for those questions. And we'll go on to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And as we've talked about that's something we think you have to look at over time. If you go back to the prior year as with the pandemic started, you remember we made some decisions to continue to run our factories and build long-lived inventory. And those decisions served us very well. So as we went through each quarter, as customers really expedited across the board. We could respond to that and ship them product. And in the short term, that probably helped us with the numbers when you compare it against what the industry was doing. So as we go into the following year, of course, those are our tougher compares. But we have a lot of practices that I think are different than many of our peers. As an example, through that period, we've moved to more closer direct relationships with customers. We believe that's giving us much better insight. We can see their demand more clearly. We can see what they need both short term and long term much better. Also I'd say that as we were moving through a period where most of our customers are reducing their inventory to align with their needs, we have an employee things like long-term sales agreements or non-cancelable, non-reschedule contracts. So customers aren't taking product that they don't need. So that isn't share gains, it's just -- I think for us, we want to be as easy to do business with as we can. And those -- I think all those practices are setting us up well to continue to gain share. So thank you, Tim. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, C.J., thanks for that question. I'd say that when you look at our products and markets, we've got 4 competitive advantages that we continue to invest in, I think that make us stronger and different than our competitors. And we've talked about them before, right? The first is the manufacturing and technology owning and controlling those assets we think will be growing important to where they are in the world. Also, we believe, will be a benefit to us as well. Second is the broad -- our broad product portfolio. So competitors that we have around the world, especially in China, usually only compete with us in a very, very narrow slice of our product portfolio. That said, we've competed with those companies, in some cases, for a couple of decades now. So competition there isn't new. And so they're good competitors. We can learn from them. We're not dismissive of them, and we close -- we very closely track and I believe the number somewhere around 75 different competitors around the world that we'll compete with. The third competitive advantage is the reach of our market channels. And especially when you look at some of the smaller competitors in China, they just don't have the reach. They don't have the breadth of portfolio that attracts customers for engagement and that just gives us better insight. And then the last is diversity and longevity. So there's not one market or technology that we're dependent on to provide market share lift. Now we'll be dependent on all of them. And sometimes in the short-term, that may favor one competitor versus another. But longer term, as we compete broadly in all the markets, we think that will translate into long-term and sticky share gains. So overall, we're pleased and excited about where we are from a position standpoint, whether we're looking at our traditional competitors here in the U.S. for Europe and as well as those in China. So thank you very much. And I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap this up.
