Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So it depends on how much you reduce wafer starts depending on the revenue change, right? And also it depends on the timing of that. Wafers cycle times can be anywhere between 12 to 16 weeks. It doesn’t change on a dime. But the key point on keeping those, the wafer starts, at a level that even though we are reducing them, but we can still build those long-lived inventory buffers for industrial and automotive. Those are low risk buffers. Those parts live for a long, long time and they enable us to then support our customers on the other side of this slowdown. So overall, it’s just a better way and a smart way to allocate our capital.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, let me add to that and I’ll just frankly just emphasize what Dave say he covered it very well already. But most end markets have slowed, that’s what we know. And we believe this is mostly driven by a slowdown in semiconductors, meaning we really can’t speak to any macro driven event here. As we have said before, the direct effect of the tariffs for us in any of the trade issues is minimal. It’s really not there. So all we can judge is by what we see right in front of us, what our customers, the signal they send us and that’s what we are basing this on. In addition to that, as Dave said, the key thing here is what we do with the operating plan so that we put ourselves in a position so that if this is shallow, we can very quickly ramp back up and support growth. If it’s not shallow, if it actually goes the other way, we are also in a position where we can make additional adjustments to just continue to do the right thing from a free cash flow standpoint and from an operating plan standpoint. On the investment side, as I said during our prepared remarks, we are not going to change anything on R&D. SG&A will be prudent and then on 300-millimeter, we’re going to continue with the plans to continue expanding that, strengthening the competitive advantage.
Rafael Lizardi: I’ll just make a quick comment and turn it over to Dave. But I wouldn’t categorize or characterize that guidance as conservative. This is the best we know, based on the orders that we are getting from our customers and the best signal that we have. And that range encompasses the best of our knowledge.
Rafael Lizardi: I’ll take a shot at that. And Dave, you want to add to that. But frankly, no, we – as Dave said, we have – the visibility that we have is to the consignment inventory that’s in front of us. And by the way, that is inventory that is still in our books. So we haven’t recognized revenue for that. So that’s one advantage of having that consignment, that inventory like that. And so that’s the data point we have and we use that to forecast the next quarter’s revenue. And the other data point is what Dave already mentioned, right, cancellations. They’re up slightly but they continue at low levels and our lead times have remained stable.
Rafael Lizardi: And let me add a little bit to that. On that next phase of consignment that we talked about, as Dave just mentioned, that’s going to take those distribution inventory weeks, from about four to maybe about three over the next year or so. That did put some headwind on our third quarter revenue of about $20 million. And it is probably going to put – it is putting another $50 million or so to our fourth quarter revenue. That is incorporated of course in our guide. Of course, that is a small part of what’s going on here. As we’ve said, most of our markets have slowed down and that’s the main driver of the guidance that we’re giving.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. First, let me take a step back, what is the objective here? And the objective was to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. So the last 12 months, we generated $5.9 billion of free cash flow. And then we returned $6. 2 billion. So we’ve returned virtually the same thing that we have generated. So that’s consistent with what we’ve done for a number of years. And we will continue to do that. Can we, on the margin, do a little bit more here and there? We could and – but the big picture is that we would return all free cash flow to the owners of the company.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I don’t want to get into specifics. But I’ll frame it this way. One, as I said, it will likely go above the range. So right now, the range is 115 to 145. So it will likely go above 145. We think like owners. So to me, to us, that is a use of cash, right? So I feel compelled to use that cash for inventory because I think it’s a good return on that investment because it’s going to help us on the other side of our recovery. And as I said, it’s a very low obsolescence type of inventory. But we wouldn’t keep it at those levels indefinitely. If it’s a long lasting slowdown, then we would take additional measures to modulate that inventory, bring it back within the range at some point in the future.
David Pahl: Yes. And I’ll just add to that, Stacy, that not only will we build that strategic inventory of low-volume parts but we’re also, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, moving a larger proportion of our revenues to consignment. So both of those things will put pressure on inventory. But we believe those are the right things to do long term. So thanks, Stacy. We’ll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. So last year, comms equipment was 12% of our revenues in total. And I would say that, if you have listened to the commentary, which I’m sure you did, it was the one market that actually grew inside of the quarter, right? So we saw year-on-year growth in communications equipment in total even though that was not contributed by the Embedded business. So yes, those things are in our guidance going forward. I think our guidance is more influenced by the fact that we are seeing most of the markets beginning to slow versus the specifics of what’s going on inside of comms equipment. So thank you, John. We’ll go the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes, let me start and see if Rafael wants to add anything. So Chris, I think that it’s always best when you enter a period like this. We just kind of stick to the facts of what we can see, what we can measure. We just turned in 4% growth year-over-year. If you take the midpoint of our guidance, revenues would be flat. So that’s a different number than what we’ve just delivered inside of this quarter. So where it goes from there and how long it lasts are just things that we don’t know. We will be in a position with what we’re doing with wafer starts. That if it’s a more shallow correction, we will be prepared to support it on the other side. If it’s longer lived, we will be monitoring our wafer starts on a daily basis and we know how to react in those situations.
David Pahl: Yes, Chris, I think that kind of reiterating what Rafael said and maybe add a little color is that we believe that’s mostly driven by a slowdown in the semiconductor market just after several years of strong growth. It doesn’t preclude that there aren’t other things and other factors, the macro things that are going on. Certainly, as the quarters evolve, those things will become more obvious of what role that they’ll play. But that’s where – we’ll just stick to what we can see and what we know. So all right, thank you, Chris. And we’ll go to the next caller.
David Pahl: Yes. On Automotive, growth did slow there. But as you know, we’ve been growing very strongly and really for five years plus. So demand slowed but it still grew double-digits, right? So we saw that growth was broad-based. It was across the sectors. But in aggregate, it did slow as well as the demand inside of industrial. And so, okay? Well, thank you, Ross. We’ll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. I’ll point out or I’ll just remind you, Joe, because I know you know, we’ve got 60% of our revenues on consignment. So for that revenue, there isn’t an inventory buffer at our customers that are in front of that. The demand that we’re seeing is the actual – is close to the factory order builds as you’re going to get. Our visibility ends there, right? So their demand downstream and downstream into their kennels, of course we have no visibility on that front. So we are fairly early in the announcement schedule and lineup. And so we will find out where that – if there is inventory out there as more companies report. So thank you very much. And we’ll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes. And I’ll just say, things like distributor inventory, Ambrish, I’ll point out, it’s still around four weeks. That’s half to a third of what many of our peers run with distributor inventory. And as we implement these next phases, that number structurally will continue to come down over time. So now that doesn’t mean that we’re not going to see cycles in those types of impact. And even with consignment inventory, we have as good a visibility as you can get of what our customers are going to build. But never confuse high visibility with – that, that number can’t change and change quickly. So – but we know about it as soon the customers plan to do something and something different.
David Pahl: Our book-to-bill, I knew you would ask that question. It is 0.96 in the quarter. And as I always give that number, I have to – for those who don’t follow us and talk about the consignment programs, we don’t carry any orders for that demand. And so book-to-bill, just be careful with the number, use it in the safety of your home. So with that, we’ll move onto next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes, I’d start that as we look at those, and we all look at industry data. As we went through those other downturns, the ups weren’t very strong and therefore the downs weren’t very strong, right? And I think we’ve just described those as we’ve moved through them. It’s just operating in a world that really have low economic growth, right? So the last couple of years, certainly, we’ve had much stronger upturn in the economy overall. The economic growth has been stronger over the last couple of years. So that’s certainly different. I think that our business has continued to evolve. We have more industrial, more automotive business. We are continuing to invest and ensure that, that revenue is coming from diverse and long-lived places. I think that we’ve continued to invest in our 300-millimeter Analog footprint and grow. So we’ve got that going into the numbers. So – and if you look at the financial performance of the company over those last cycles and even this quarter, and you look at the amount of free cash flow that we’re generating, we just turned in as a percentage of revenue, 37.5%. Those are good, strong numbers. And I think that those are the things that give us confidence to continue to make the investments, to make the business stronger, investing in the competitive advantages. Markets will strengthen and weaken over periods of time. But we continue to stay focused on our opportunity.
David Pahl: Okay. Thank you very much, Tore. We appreciate all of you joining us tonight. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good night.
