Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion or 63% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 220 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $798 million, down 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 22% of revenue. For the year, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We're pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our top line over the long term. Acquisition charges and noncash expense were $50 million. Acquisition charges will remain at about $50 million through the third quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $1.2 billion or 37% of revenue. Operating profit was down 18% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 42%, down from 47% a year ago; and for Embedded Processing was 25%, down from 30% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and - net income in the fourth quarter was $1.1 billion or $1.12 per share, which included a $0.01 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.8 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $163 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.8 billion, down 4% from a year ago. In the quarter, we paid $841 million in dividends, an increase of 17% per share, marked our 16th year of dividend increases. We repurchased $489 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.3 billion. In total, we have returned $6 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow to our owners. Over the same period, our dividends represented 52% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt was $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.99%. Inventory days were 144, down eight days from a year ago and up five days sequentially. We are pleased with our inventory, and it is positioned to support growth. Now let's look at some of these results for a year. In 2019, cash flow from operations was $6.6 billion. Capital expenditures were $847 million or 6% of revenue. Free cash flow for 2019 was $5.8 billion or 40% of revenue. Our cash flow reflects the strength of our business model. As we have said, we believe free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term and will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. We remain committed to return all free cash flow to owners. Over the last 12 months, we paid $3 billion in dividends and purchased $3 billion of our own shares, reducing outstanding share count by 1.4% in 2019 and by 46% since the end of 2004 when we initiated a program designed to reduce our share count. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.12 billion to $3.38 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.14, which includes an estimated $20 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our 2020 annual operating tax rate to be above 15%. As usual, details of our expectations for taxes can be found on our IR website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, as Dave mentioned, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages with our manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, Analog and Embedded Processing, and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which we believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. The only other thing I would add is, as Dave mentioned during the prepared remarks, our comms equipment was down year-on-year significantly as there was a tough compare a year ago. Well, 1Q '20 is going to have an even tougher compare on comms equipment. You may recall what was going on in 1Q '19 on that front.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So Ross, you asked a bunch of questions there. Let me try. I'll answer the ones I remember. So first, let me emphasize, yes, we're closing two - our two fabs that still have some 150-millimeter equipment. And they're over 50 years old, and they'll be closed by as early as 2023 or as late as 2025, somewhere in that time frame. We have about $1.5 billion of revenue that run through those factories. And of course, we're moving most of that revenue, virtually all, to 300-millimeter, saw a significant cost advantage, as we have talked about over the years. The new factory, so let me talk about the new factory. Yes, we've got dirt moving, cranes are there, plans are underway. We should have the building finished by the end of 2021. And at that point, we can put equipment as needed to support demand. From a CapEx standpoint, you want to model that at 6% of revenue. We just finished 2019 with CapEx at 6% of revenue, and you should model that going forward at about that same level.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I would just add, as Dave mentioned, strategically, we are well positioned, have been, that hasn't changed. So we continue to feel as good as ever on that front. And then operationally, we just - we've got to be ready for whatever the market throws at us. So if this was - is going to last longer, we've got to be ready for that, if things are going to head south, but we also got to be ready if things turn around, and then we're going to start seeing year-on-year growth. So - and our business model allows us to do that, and we're well positioned for it.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I'll give you a few comments on that. As far as expectations, you mentioned margin. Frankly, that's not - Embedded is lower margin than Analog, but that is a nonissue. As long as their - Embedded contributes to free cash flow growth, that's the measure in stake. Obviously, the top line has gone through some challenges here that Dave talked about earlier. But longer term, with their focus on auto and industrial, in all of our businesses, but that includes Embedded, we feel confident that, that business will grow longer term.
Rafael Lizardi: We only talk about utilization and factory loadings when there's significant inflection points. And in this particular comparison, fourth to first, we don't expect a significant inflection point. So we're not talking about it. Of course, wafer load utilization is always a function of what we expect for future growth.
Rafael Lizardi: So let me take that. So thanks for the cue on that. So we do have the capital management call coming on February 4. So I expect all of you to sign up for that and join us there. And we will talk about the various objectives there. But I'll give you a preview. We're not changing those objectives and specifically, that one that you talked about, we're not. And the reason for that, yes, we just finished a 40% free cash flow as a percent of revenue, but the focus is not that percent, right? The way we maximize value for the owners of the company is growing their free cash flow per share for a long time to come. So we focus on that, and that's how we drive value.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. So let me finish with a few comments on key items for you to remember. We will remain focused on Analog and Embedded, the best products, and industrial and automotive, the best markets. Next, we will be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. And lastly, we believe growing free cash flow per share over the long term is what will maximize value for the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Yes, John, I'll take that, and Rafael can add if he'd like. I think - so to answer the last part of that question, there's nothing in the sequential guidance that would suggest there's any headwinds from distribution. We've talked about before that we would expect as we make the transition in distribution, it will look similar from a revenue headwind as we've seen with consignment. So there will be some there, but we've already got some of the headwinds from the transitions that we've made in consignment. And I think the second part is as we're seeing those signs of stabilization, we talked about that history would suggest that the growth is going to reflect the end demand of the customers and, therefore, the macro economy. So as we go through the year, that's what will be the driving force overall.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So first, John, I think you're putting in a good context. And as you've stated, we believe share changes just need to be judged over long periods of time. And so if you look at the revenue performance of Embedded over the last several years, we've had that significant outperformance, as you pointed out, in '17 and '18. Last year, we probably gave some of that back. So I just point out that in the most recent quarter, at the TI level, so Analog and Embedded, we saw that - those signs of stabilization but - in every market, so behaving similarly except communications equipment. So thank you, John.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Well, I'll start off, and Rafael, if you want to add anything. I think as we go through any cycle, they're all similar in a lot of ways and different in others. And to put it in context, you'd have to go back to third quarter of '18. Running up to that, we had 10 quarters of year-on-year growth. So you never know as you're going through that you're going to have 10 or 12 or 14 quarters of year-on-year growth, but you expect at some point that the industry would run below. And so as we started that, we thought we were - what we were seeing was mostly an inventory - industry, rather, correction as we're working through that. Certainly, trade tensions, probably elongated that cycle and part of the reasons why we saw that other leg down later last year. And so - and can you remind me the second part - or do we feel better about the business. I think that strategically, we felt that we continue to stay focused on improving our four competitive advantages. We haven't slowed down investments, and we talk about our fabs underway. If you look at the OpEx investments that we have made, those have stayed steady, focused on areas of diversifying our growth in industrial and automotive. So I think we feel just as good today as we did about the business. The cycles will come and go.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll just say when we think of allocating capital to R&D, there's really three major buckets. And the largest bucket is - goes directly to product - creation of new products. We release 300 to 400 new products a year. The other two is kind of a shared, centralized R&D function that develops our process technologies, packaging tools that our engineers use like SPICE models and those types of things. And then the third category is the Kilby Labs where longer term, higher risk investments are made, new materials, new markets and those types of things. So that's where the R&D has been directed. I describe R&D last year as steady and stable. And I think that even in a down market, keeping those investments stable, keeping focused on investing in our four competitive advantages is really important overall. So thank you, Toshi.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And we'll vary those based on order patterns and as we see demand come in from customers. So thank you, Harlan.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I'll start and if Rafael wants to add anything. And certainly, as we worked through the year with the trade tensions and as that has unfolded, we've certainly heard discussions at Chinese customers, them wanting to ensure that they've got alternatives. But in the end, our customers are just very pragmatic, and they're looking for components with the highest performance, the lowest cost, the most dependable delivery. And those are all areas that we're very, very strong competitively in. With that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap things up.
