Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.45 billion or 65% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $778 million, about even from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 22% of revenue. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.56 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long term. Acquisition charges and non-cash expense were $79 million. Acquisition charges will decline to about $50 million in the fourth quarter and will remain at that level through the third quarter of 2021. Operating profit was $1.59 billion or 42% of revenue. Operating profit was down 18% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for analog was 46%, down from 50% a year ago and for embedded processing was 32%, down from 35% a year ago. Despite current weakness, our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and expense was a $34 million benefit, up $11 million from a year ago. Net income in the third quarter was $1.43 billion or $1.49 per share, which included a $0.09 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.99 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $149 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-months basis was $6.03 billion. In September, we announced we would increase our quarterly dividend by 17%, marking our 16th year of dividend increases. In the quarter, we paid $721 million in dividends and repurchased $456 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.18 billion. In total, we have returned $7.38 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 48% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $5.07 billion of cash and short term investments at the end of the third quarter. In the quarter, we repaid $750 million of debt and issued $750 million of debt with a coupon of 2.25% due in 10 years. This results in total debt of $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.99%. Inventory days were 139, up eight days from a year ago and down four days sequentially. We are pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs. Work in both of these areas is mostly complete. Given the weaker environment, we have reduced wafer starts to align with demand. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect TI revenue in the range of $3.07 to $3.33 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.91 to $1.09, which includes an estimated $5 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% for 2019, As a reminder, acquisition charges will decline to about $50 million in the fourth quarter and remain at that level through the third quarter of 2021. In closing, as Dave mentioned, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, analog and embedded processing and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which we believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Stacy, thanks for the question. Let me take a shot at that. And then Dave will follow-up with other comments. But our sense is that customers are just far more cautious than they were certainly a year ago, but even 90 days ago. And many of them, when talk about the caution, they mentioned the trade tensions that we know have been happening and have been accumulating over the last three or four quarters. And the consistency of that breadth of weakness supports that this is a macro situation that is driving the further weakness that we are seeing.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I would tell you and that is I will take you back to our capital management strategy and our objectives to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. And as you pointed out, we do that through buybacks and dividends. And on a trailing 12-month basis which is a better way to look at all these things, to give you just a better trend of what's going on, we have returned $7.4 billion of cash and our free cash flow has been $6 billion during that time. So we have returned 122% of free cash during that time. So a pretty healthy amount. And in the last quarter, we returned or we bought back $456 million. As long as the stock price is below our assessment of intrinsic, we will be buying back shares and we did buy a healthy amount in third quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I will just add to that, that as Rafael said, it's quite best to look at the free cash flow metrics on a trailing 12-month basis, as there is seasonality. Third and fourth quarter tend to be stronger than first and second on that. So that usually provides a better insight. Thank you Ross. And we will go to the next caller, please.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. The only thing I would add, I can sense that you collectively are unsatisfied with our answers and I understand that. We have close to 100,000 different customers and we sell about 100,000 different products. It's difficult to pinpoint any one thing. But the sense we get talking to those customers, getting input from them, from our salespeople and all the touch points that we have is that the weakness is broad-based, is due to macro events and specifically the trade tensions. And if you think about when there is tensions in trade and obstacles to trade, what do businesses do? They become more cautious and they pull back. And we are at the very end of our long supply chain and when the ones at the very front pullback, it becomes a traffic jam. So our sense is that is what's happening in the marketplace. But we will see what other companies will report over time and we will get a clear picture over the next several weeks and really quarters, because this thing we have been in it for now four quarters and it's going to be longer than that.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Actually, no, not any different to the larger degree. We have talked about 70% to 75% fall through. And that's a guide. It could be a little less, a little more. So that's probably how you want to think about it on a year-on-year basis for fourth quarter. We did lower wafer starts in third quarter inside of the quarter and we are lowering those further into fourth quarter. And that's a capital allocation decision. When we do that we save cash, right. And we have, to a larger degree, built the buffer strategy that we have talked about. So we will save cash as we do that and that makes sense for the owners of the company. There is cash that's freed up for other purposes. That will hit the GPM line, but it will do so about as expected. So as I say, you have seen a fall through that we have talked about in the big scheme of things.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Sure. So first, let me remind you, of course when it comes to CapEx, particularly for that fab, it's all about driving long term revenue growth and extending our manufacturing advantage, including 300 millimeter. And that is one of our key competitive advantages. We are now in the process of building a parking structure that will be complete in the first half of next year. Once we build that, that will enable us to build the building for the next 300 millimeter factory. Our plan continues to be to build that building within the next few years. And as a reminder, that will cost $600 million to $700 million over a couple of years as we build that building. And $600 million to $700 million, it is a sizable amount. But the big expense comes from the equipment that would follow. And in fact an even bigger one will be the opportunity cost of not having that available, if there s, or when there is growth on the other side of these things. So we think about all of those things and based on that we have laid our plans at the moment.
Rafael Lizardi: So good question. Let me first step back and remind you how we think about inventory, okay. Inventory, the objective there is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence and improve our asset utilization. We have a guide of 115 to 145, but those are not concrete barriers, right. It's just a guide there. We are going to do the right thing for the business. So for example, in this situation, in the current environment, even though we have decreased those wafer starts, it is likely that we go above the top of that range or it's at least possible that we do just because of where the revenue midpoint is. Now we are not going to go drive the wafer starts in a draconian way to just to stay within those guidelines. That would not make sense in one quarter. But over one, two, three quarters then the idea is to, that guidelines just provide an area where we should aim at and we can achieve our objectives, the inventory objectives I talked about, while deploying and allocating capital in the best way that benefits the interest of the long term owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I will start off. I think if you look at the analog and the embedded market, they have got many natural competitive moats that sit around the marketplace overall. I think that we have certainly heard discussions of Chinese customers wanting to ensure that they have alternatives. But it's very different than being designed out. So our customers overall are very pragmatic. They are looking for components with the highest performance, the lowest cost and the most dependable delivery. So I think we will continue to focus on those things. And they have served us well in the past and we believe it will continue to serve us well in the future. Thank you Vivek. We will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Simply in a word, I would just say, no, Stacy. I think establishing a more direct relationship with our customer just yields more rewards than it does the risk. And it gives us greater access to those customers. And you have seen us evolve that over the last several years and we have made investments in order to provide very high levels of service for our customers, especially as we move to a more direct business model. And these investments include the things that you have heard us talk about, the new capabilities and in some cases improved capabilities to our website, e-commerce enhancements for demand creation, inventory consignment programs that we have talked about on the last the last few calls and other things like order fulfillment services. So these improved capabilities combined with our sales and applications organization which by the way is the largest in the semiconductor industry just help us provide great product and great support to our customers. And that's really what we have been focused on. Thank you. And we will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think we can't rule out, obviously, you know customers having built inventory in preparations for builds or concerns with the trade tensions. But the weakness that we saw wasn't limited to any region. That was very broad-based. When we look at the largest customers inside of comms equipment, that was across the largest customers. And again, we talked about that it was across the technologies. So it's really broad-based, the weakness. So not just one customer or not just one technology or not just one region. So hopefully that color helps. Thank you, John. We will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: So with that, let me just finish with a few comments on some key items for you to remember. We will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products and industrial and automotive, the best markets. Next, we will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. Lastly, we continue to believe growing free cash flow per share over the long term. It's why we will maximize value for the owners of the company.
