Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned, first quarter revenue was $3.7 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion, or 57% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and to a lesser extent, higher manufacturing costs associated with reduced factory loadings and our planned capacity expansions. Gross profit margin decreased 820 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $933 million, flat from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion, or 22% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.3 billion in the quarter, or 35% of revenue, and was down 34% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.1 billion or $1.20 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.10 benefit that was not in our original guidance, primarily due to the sale of a property. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1 billion in the quarter and $6.3 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.2 billion in the quarter and $5.3 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $940 million. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends, and in the past 12 months, we returned $4.8 billion to our owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $10.4 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter. In first quarter, we issued $3 billion in debt. Total debt outstanding is now $14.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.8%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.1 billion, up $84 million from the prior quarter and days were 235, up 16 days sequentially. For the second quarter we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.25. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be about 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add-value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad-product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Sure. Of course we give a guidance. We give a range on revenue, we give a range on EPS, and then 90 days from now, we'll discuss that more or less. But for now, I'll tell you that in first quarter, we adjusted factory loadings, as we neared our desired inventory levels. And as we said during the prepared remarks, we grew inventory about [$80-some million] (ph). And then for second quarter, we are going to adjust those loadings depending on future demand.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me add one more thing, Stacy. I want to give you a bonus answer. You always ask about OpEx. So you are not asking, but I'm going to give you OpEx. Remember that second quarter has a full three months of raises whereas first quarter only had two months of raises. So it's something for your modeling.
Rafael Lizardi: Right. No, no direct impact on the income statement. That's already played in as the lower depreciation and are already flowing through the P&L and in our expectations on depreciation. Of course, having more cash, does have an impact in terms of you have more cash, you're going to have more interest income. But put that aside, that's kind of below the profit the operating profit line. So speaking of depreciation, let me give you an update on that. We've been talking about depreciation for this year, $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. That is -- we continue to expect that -- but we're more likely to come in at the bottom half of that range. And for 2025, we continue to expect $2 billion to $2.5 billion in depreciation.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. When it comes to capital management, it all depends, and it depends on circumstances. And at the moment our objective when it comes to -- you've known us for a while. We return all cash flow – [or cash] (ph) flow to the owners of the company, and we do that over time. But there are times to increase liquidity and to build up cash. So you have seen us over the last couple of years do that and steadily increase the cash on the balance sheet. We finished at $10.4 billion last quarter. And we've done that very consciously, right to protect the investments that we're making, particularly the $5 billion per year CapEx investments in manufacturing because that is the most important allocation of capital has been for the last few years and will continue to be for the next three years. So with that in mind, we've had that in mind as we have made overall capital allocation decisions, including the decisions on repurchases.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I'll start and, Dave, if you want to chime in. But as Dave alluded to earlier on the call, China is a very important market. We need to compete there, we do compete there and we compete to win there. China, there -- it's pretty clear that there's an incentive to design local semiconductor suppliers. I think, that's what you're referring to as insourcing. And today, that share, my guess -- my sense is 10% to 15% of the local content is sourced by local semiconductor suppliers. I think, the exact number is 12%, the one I saw. So that means there's another 88% that -- that is shared now between U.S. and European suppliers. And our goal is to continue that fight and maintain and gain that share, competing with local suppliers but also competing with US and European semiconductor suppliers.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Well a couple of things. For example, the data point I will give you is our free cash flow for the trailing 12 months was $940 million. And we returned in -- also in trailing 12 months, $4.8 billion. So one catalyst for a change there would be once we're past this investment phase that is consuming a good chunk of that free cash flow. Another catalyst is obviously revenue and how that behaves over a number of years. But -- so these are just some of the puts and takes that we think about when we are allocating capital.
Rafael Lizardi: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Let me wrap up by emphasizing what we have said previously. At our core, we are engineers and technology is the foundation of our company. But ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we're personally proud to be a part of and would [want] (ph) as our neighbor. When we're successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you and have a good evening.
Dave Pahl: Thanks, Rafael. Operator, you can now open the lines for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an opportunity to ask your questions, please limit yourself to a single question. After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity for an additional follow-up. Operator.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Stacy, I'll comment on that. And as I said last quarter, really we began seeing things change mid-last year -- in the back half of last year as we began discussions with customers for their demand in the following year and out in time, whatever those pricing windows would open up. And those are really just going back to what we've seen in the last 10 years, 20 years kind of pre-pandemic. So describe it roughly in the low to very low single-digit declines over time. And I would say, just generally that's what we are continuing to see.
Dave Pahl: Well, again, we're not in the practice of giving guidance by end-market. And -- but even inside of last quarter, as we looked at it inside of industrial, there obviously were some customers that are nearing the end of that inventory depletion cycle. So as you know, we don't -- we try to be very cautious and not to try to predict tops or bottoms or those types of things and just report what we see and just stick to the facts. So thank you Vivek. We’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. Thanks again, Tom. I would say that many customers and especially those in automotive, as they went through and dealt with the disruptions that they had in supply chains actually we are very thoughtful in looking at where their supply is coming from, what things that they can do differently well beyond just carrying extra days of inventory. And when they went through that analysis, I think many found that they have a pretty significant dependence on wafers coming out of both China and Taiwan. And what they described that to us is geopolitically dependable capacity is what they're seeking. And again, we have talked about that before in our capital management updates. We believe that -- that's going to be highly sought after it is -- we are seeing that today. And so I think, we are in a position to be able to support customers, and that growth that will come from that. So thank you Tom, we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And maybe I'll just add in China -- in any market, we've just got to have the best parts. And when we have that -- that means we've got to be ahead of competitors, whether that's on performance, on support, availability and cost. So -- and we have customers in every region that are beginning to think about where they're sourcing products from. So customers that aren't in China are looking at our -- as they describe it, geopolitically dependable capacity. And that's about 80% of our revenue. The 20% that's in China, we have customers in China that have and support global markets. And they're coming and describing our geopolitical dependable capacity and wanting to have access to it because it is very unique. We're the only ones that are building at scale outside of China and Taiwan capacity. So customers understand that. They understand it both in China, as well as outside. So thank you for that Chris. We will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think that we continue to make progress overall in our embedded business. The goal there is to have that business growing and contributing to our free cash flow over a long time. We think it's a great business and continue to invest. So we are very happy with that strategic progress. So I think, in the near-term, of course, we're not going to be immune to cycle-related corrections. It is a little bit later because of the constraints that we have due to embedded relying on foundry supply. And as you know, we are investing to put capacity in place. And we'll have control of that in the future and really are in a good position to gain share there. So thank you for that Joe, we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Again, as we talked about over the last several quarters now that there was markets that were behaving -- or sectors that were behaving asynchronously. So there are shorter cycle investment sectors that began to roll earlier, longer-term investment cycles that were rolling later, really just the last couple of quarters into it. So it is really -- if you had to kind of divide them out, that's what they would look like. Thank for you that Tore, we will go to the next caller please. And this will be our last caller.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And it's a great question, Chris. So let me just use as a backdrop for those that hadn't looked at our capital management slide deck. And Slide 21, shows our percentage of our revenue by end-market. And the middle column there talks about what we're doing directionally from an R&D spend. So -- and we've talked about for some time that -- our belief that there is going to be secular trends and increasing semiconductors and industrial and automotive. And as a result of that, we have been taking investments up there. And the other markets though, if you look at personal electronics and communications equipment, our investments there have been and continue to be very steady because we can find great opportunities inside of those markets. And so we'll continue those investments. And then enterprise systems, we've taken up the investments there slightly. And there is just opportunities, and enterprise systems likely will be a good grower as well. It doesn't have quite the same dynamics, as industrial and automotive for us. But certainly, things that sit inside of enterprise we believe will make that an above-average grower over the next decade [plus] (ph). So with that, I'll turn it over to Rafael to wrap up.
