Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at www.ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for December 7. We expect to narrow or adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate with this update. In today's call, we'll describe how TI's strategic position in our core businesses of Analog, Embedded Processing and smartphone chips continues to strengthen. We'll discuss our manufacturing strategy and recent additions that we have made to our analog capacity. We'll also provide our perspective of the near-term demand environment. Revenue in the third quarter generally tracked closely with our initial expectations in the quarter. In July, the middle of our guidance range projected about 6% sequential revenue growth. We held that level with our September update and in the end, we delivered 7% growth. Although our results are good, demand is a bit of a mixed bag. The industrial market was strong for us in the third quarter as it continued a cyclical recovery. We believe this market has now recovered and, therefore, we expect industrial growth will be somewhat less robust in the fourth quarter. In communications, wireless infrastructure was strong as operators continue to expand capacity to support increased data traffic. Accordingly, demand for chips that we sell into smartphones was also strong in the quarter. As we said at our September update, we saw a notable slowing in demand for products that we shipped into the PC market during the third quarter. We expect demand from our PC customers to remain subdued in the fourth quarter. Similarly, some of the consumer-related markets, such as televisions, also slowed in the third quarter, and we expect these trends to continue through the current quarter. The increase in TI revenue was driven by growth across all of our segments. Analog revenue grew 5% sequentially and 35% from a year ago. Sequentially, Analog revenue was up most in High-Performance Analog, where we have higher industrial exposure. High-Volume Analog & Logic and Power Management products both grew, although to a lesser extent, with their exposure to the computing and consumer markets. From a year ago, all three product areas contributed to growth about the same and all contributed to TI's market share expansion in Analog. Embedded Processing grew rapidly again this quarter. This partly reflects its exposure to markets that performed well, including industrial and communications infrastructure. It also reflects continued market share gains for TI and the strategic importance of Embedded Processing to our company. Sequentially, Embedded Processing grew 12% with both communications infrastructure and catalog products contributing about equally to this growth. Catalog products include both digital signal processors and microcontrollers. From a year ago, Embedded Processing grew 47% with catalog product being the biggest factor in the growth. Wireless revenue grew 6% sequentially and 11% from a year ago. Collectively, products targeting the smartphone market, both being connectivity products and OMAP applications processors, grew 6% sequentially and 37% from a year ago. These are the Wireless products that we're investing in for growth. We've had tremendous design-in success especially with our latest generations of OMAP applications processors across a range of smartphones and tablets, and we look forward to solid growth as our customers' new product transition into volume production. Baseband product revenue was $438 million in the quarter and grew 5% sequentially and declined 3% from a year ago. Our Other segment revenue grew 10% sequentially, driven by custom ASIC products, DLP products and calculators. From a year ago, this revenue was up 29%, with growth from DLP products and custom ASIC products being the biggest factors. Distribution resales were up 8% sequentially in the quarter, about the same as TI revenue overall. We were able to help distributors build a few days of inventory in the third quarter. We're comfortable that their inventory is appropriate relative to current levels of demand and to historical metrics. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I would say probably -- is this a fourth quarter question? I guess what I would say is you're right. Those are the areas that would be below kind of the normal run rate. Probably the one area I would say that continues to be strong is comms infrastructure. Handsets, since we only have one customer there really, I don't want to provide any specific commentary. Industrial, I would say probably the best description there is that it's normalizing. It's transitioning from third quarter, which is really an extension of the first three quarters this year, where it has been growing pretty rapidly due to that cyclical recovery. But I would say fourth quarter would represent more normalizing to probably a more typical seasonal pattern from industrial. So you did identify really the two areas that we would call out as being weaker. Those being computing and parts of the consumer markets.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I guess I probably don't have a lot to say. I'd refer you to ZTE in terms of anything they may want to offer. But we've had a strong presence in China overall, and we've had a relationship specifically with ZTE for many years. So I think this is just an extension of a lot of good things that had been happening for TI for some time and our growing momentum in that market, which is one that we see is going to be especially important for TI in the years to come. But beyond that, I really don't have anything specific to say about that one specifically.
Ron Slaymaker: So Tristan, I guess the only thing I would add is if you think about what Kevin said, I mean, even with RFAB or we're moving into production this quarter, as of now, we have one product qualified and moving into production. So really, if you think about the timing of that as well as the other two factories and you compare that to what Kevin said previously about this period of market weakness, our view is going to be relatively short-lived and mild. Those factories ramping really are probably coming on more online on the other side of this period of weakness as opposed to a lot of market weakness is underway.
Ron Slaymaker: Tristan, I probably -- I guess as I'll stick with our normal practice which is we don't try to forecast resales in the out quarter. I mean, probably the best I can do is point out that if you look in the prior quarter, the third quarter, resales generally tracked very closely with TI's own revenue trends, but I don't have a specific projection for you on resales in Q4.
Ron Slaymaker: I think you have it right. It is slowing down but the comparison is to a cyclical recovery, so it's moving more to seasonal patterns. It's not expected to go through a -- at this point, we don't see a correction per se. We just see it moving to a more normalized seasonal patterns.
Ron Slaymaker: And as you've heard us say for some period but for the broader audience, especially in Analog, pricing is determined more based on the quality of the product, the specifications of the product, the performance levels of the product, and you have to be competitive on pricing. But that's not how you win business. You win business based upon the quality and performance levels of the product. And so even in a weaker market environment or if growth is not producing the levels that we expect, you don't change that fundamental dynamic by changing your prices. Changing prices or lowering prices below market just leaves the money on the table. It does not result in incremental revenue for the vast majority of our product lines. There's a small part of our product line that represents less than 5% of our revenue that would be considered commodity type products that is price-elastic, but again, that's a net relative to, I think, the broader product portfolio.
Ron Slaymaker: I think Kevin was just saying in general, we look for investment opportunities that make sense for our business that could be smaller acquisitions or that could be the capital equipment that you've seen us. But probably the former would be the priority.
Ron Slaymaker: It wasn't. I don't want to say predominantly. We actually saw calculators increase sequentially from the second quarter to third quarter but that's just seasonal. Back-to-school usually peaks in the third quarter for us, and third quarter typically increases somewhat beyond second quarter. The biggest area of sequential strength in that Other segment was in custom ASIC. I would probably know the couple of areas inside of that. One is we do have a significant part of our custom ASIC business that goes in the communications infrastructure, both wireless PlayStations as well as the enterprise side and both increased sequentially in the quarter. And then we also sell custom ASIC products. This is kind of more one off but for touchscreen controllers going into smartphones that's also did nicely for us in the quarter. So that's a little bit of insight into the custom ASIC. The other area that we mentioned was DLP. DLP is still being dominated in terms of that revenue base by front projector business, and it continues to be a nice business and it's even have shown some recent growth for us, so no real change on that front though.
Ron Slaymaker: I think if you look at HVAL, you are right. There's probably there, the computing tie is more through products that go into hard disk drives. Our Power Product line in Analog also sells into PCs, some of the Power Management products, but HVAL is probably more through hard disk drives and storage products. I think your description of that -- well, I'll just say we expect that it will continue to be, what I said before, demand will continue kind of the current trends that we saw in the third quarter of slowing going into the fourth quarter as well. HVAL also sells into a range of other products such as smartphones. Some of the Power Management areas in smartphones, they sell into some video gaming on the consumer side. And even though we've said consumer televisions are weak, there were other areas such as video gaming on the consumer side, and that actually did reasonably well for us in the third quarter. And I'm trying to think if there are other areas of notable to mention. Those are probably the ones I would tie. Yes, maybe a final one would just be infrastructure. It sells into some of that communications and wireless infrastructure as well, and of course, that's almost anything that's touching infrastructure for us that would be, I guess, on both the HVAL side but then also some of the HPA products tie into comms infrastructure as well. And as I said, anything that we have selling into infrastructure whether it was the ASIC products I've mentioned, the Embedded Processing products or some of these Analog products have done well. And we would expect to continue doing well into the fourth quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: So I would say we saw a lot of -- I guess I would describe it as principally various Analog products, for example, Power Products that go into tablets. We saw strength in those areas as you might guess in the third quarter. That strength was not -- even though it's a nice growing business and offset some of the weakness that we saw along on the PC front or the notebook front, it wasn't the PC exposure these days just because of the relative size of that market, of course. It's higher for us. We'll see how that changes over time. But those tend to be some of the more -- those type of products tend to be a little less visible, I guess you might say. I know I see all the various tear downs and they try to describe who has this processor or that processor. Products like Power tend to run under the radar. A couple of other areas I would mention the audio amplifiers, some of the connectivity products, certainly, there's opportunity in tablets. And then, as I previously mentioned clearly, OMAP as the main processor to handle some of both the applications, the graphics, et cetera, certainly, is a great opportunity. But the opportunity goes well beyond OMAP, and we're already benefiting even in third quarter from the growth of tablets, and we expect that to just broaden as products like OMAP transition into production in that space.
Ron Slaymaker: So transitionally, I guess the other way that we tend to look at this, yes, there will be a little bit of benefit as we have some of that revenue in Q4 that we did not have in Q3. But at the same time, I'll remind you that we also are selling our cable modem business, and we expect that transaction to close in Q4. And for the most part, what we lose in Q4 transitionally on cable modem will be about the same amount that we will gain through some of these transitional supply agreements.
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's because they needed more inventory in certain product lines and certain areas. I mean, keep in mind, lead times have been extended and supply has been constrained for some period. And even though we've made progress, lead times are still, as Kevin pointed out earlier, extended beyond where we really want them as of right now. And so I think, as things have loosened up a little bit, we and the distributors took advantage of that in the third quarter to put in place some inventory that they really had been trying to get in place for some time.
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, I guess I would just say that what's driving growth in connectivity are just a series of design wins that we've accomplished over the last several years. I believe we have the most integrated connectivity solution that's out there centered up on our WiFi solutions. And even if you look at where connectivity has been over the last few years and where it's going, clearly, there's a trend towards integration and a lot of the players that kind of were a single technology players just don't have the capability to integrate and do it as quickly as TI has, where we played across historically WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, FM radio. And so, it's quite natural for us to have the capability to roll that all altogether into an integrated solution. So the trend toward integration in the connectivity market has positioned just favorably worked to TI's benefit. We've won a lot of designs as a result and you're seeing that in terms of revenue growth. Now before you take that and extrapolate it too far, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've also had tremendous success in designing in OMAP 3 and OMAP 4 product generations as well. And so, I think you'll see that even though for the last few quarters, connectivity's probably been the fastest growing, that could rapidly change and go through a period of time where OMAP is growing fast. So I think you'll see both of those areas grow, but it will kind of happen in fits and starts based on as new generations of product roll out and as design wins move into production.
Ron Slaymaker: Stacy, I think we hit the apps processors in the first discussion, so we'll just going to move on and let Kevin answer the gross margin question.
Ron Slaymaker: Ambris, I would probably agree with the latter. I think in general, what we're seeing there are secular trends that go well beyond any kind of normal seasonality that might apply in the wireless market. So I guess I would agree with your conclusion there that, that doesn't matter.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Chris, the only thing else I would add or even just respond to this reading various sellside notes from visits to various competitors, it seems like the common denominator is that these competitors feel 300-millimeter is directed at somebody besides them. And what I would say is 300-millimeter is going to go across the board in Analog. And that means HVAL, it means Power and it means High-Performance Analog. And we won't delve off too deeply here. But 300-millimeter, we have a lot more flexibility given the automation systems in that factory to take a 300-millimeter lot of wafers and subdivide it down into two wafers of product A and four wafers of product B. That lot does not have to all be at the same product. So therefore, the argument that somehow 300-millimeter scale doesn't apply to certain areas such as High-Performance Analog makes no sense to us. And I think you'll see us move forward accordingly.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, we actually do break it out. I gave it in my prepared remarks. It was $438 million in the quarter. So that grew looks like about 5% sequentially and it was down 3% from a year ago. So again, probably nothing really has changed. I think what we've described before is that if you basically just straight-line it from here to zero by the end of 2012, you'll have quarters that you've seen, some quarters that are above that line, some quarters that are below that line. And so really, it's probably no different in terms of guidance from us. It will be a bit noisy, but that's probably about the best that we could recommend. No change in terms of when we expect that revenue basically to be essentially to zero by the time we go into the year 2013.
Ron Slaymaker: And I guess just to add to that, Adam, if we talked about order trends, I mean, our orders, and of course, in third quarter, we're a step down from what we saw in the second quarter, but we also didn't see orders spiral down as we move to the quarter month-by-month. They actually stepped down in July and held up that level relatively stable through August and September. So that's just another data point, I guess, you might say is what's driving those comments from us.
Ron Slaymaker: And Adam, I guess the only other thing I would say is I know there's all these ongoing relentless debate about integrated solutions with Baseband and Connectivity products of Baseband and applications processors. But if you just look at it, our Connectivity and OMAP revenue is up over 50% year-to-date. And so, it's a great growth businesses and that's up 50% while -- I mean, it's clear we're getting out of the -- we're pulling back on Baseband and exiting that marketplace. So again, I think that data and evidence increasingly proves that can be a very good growth business for TI even without being in the Baseband business. So we'll keep riding that one hard. We like it.
Ron Slaymaker: And clearly, I think you've heard us quantify how much revenue we can generate off of the capacity that we purchased. Clearly, that's multiple years of capacity needs probably, if anything, you could even see us moving to the lower end of that range in the near term.
Ron Slaymaker: In general, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin March: Chris, lead times did come in, in the third quarter, and we expect them to continue to come in, in fourth quarter. And if all goes well, then as we enter next year, we should have lead times back to normal.
Kevin March: Glen, I think your perception probably is shared by us. That is that the adjustment that we're seeing underway are starting now is probably more focused and not broad-based and is probably generally pretty mild. If you look in the past, when you look at book-to-bills, typically, if we get to four, five, six quarters of positive book-to-bills and followed by a couple of quarters of negative or near one book-to-bills, I would typically suggest that maybe a couple of quarters from an adjustment phase before we have a resumption of demand. In the PC and consumer space, as we've discussed here, we saw demand soften up in that quarter, so we're probably halfway through our first quarter on that. And so if we take a look out, it would be, from our view, reasonable to assume that we get through this adjustment process over the next quarter or two, and then we see a resumption of overall end market demand.
Kevin March: Tristan, I don't think that the capacity that we're adding necessarily has any bearing on our pricing outlook per se. But capacity, you may recall, that we began over a year ago with the acquisition of equipment from Qimonda, who was in bankruptcy at the time, to begin to put 300-millimeter equipment into our fab, our Richardson fab. We went through a second phase on that with another location they had in Dresden where we purchased equipment to complete Phase II in RFAB. In addition last quarter, we announced acquiring Spansion of Japan out of bankruptcy. And this past month, we announced our first manufacturing acquisition for manufacturing plant in China. To put in perspective where we're at in those acquisitions right now, the RFAB qualified its first products this quarter, and we do expect to ship our first revenue-generating wafers out of that factory this quarter. It will ramp up consistent with demand. As Spansion is concerned, the one we acquired in Japan, we expect to have our first wafers out of that factory by the end of this quarter as we ported one of our processes into that factory. And with the Chengdu factory in China, in fact, we had already been using that factory as a foundry for some of our HVAL products, and we will be porting additional products into that factory over the next couple of quarters. So we would expect those factories to ramp up fairly slowly on our products consistent with whatever we see in demand. In the meantime, those two factories, the one in Japan and the one in China, in both cases, we have transitional service agreements with the sellers, whereby we are selling them some products out of those factories that, to a large extent, will offset our operating costs as we bring up our own process technologies in those factories.
Kevin March: Edward, clearly bringing on these factories, at these kind of cost profiles, certainly is a favorable outlook for our overall margins. Importantly, as Analog and Embedded Processing become a bigger portion of our overall portfolio, that also will give us more tailwind on our margins. But the fact of the matter is we're not really focusing on trying to improve our margins so much as we are focusing a lot more on trying to improve our top line growth. You've heard us talking for a number of quarters now about having a growth objective, whereby we are considerably outgrowing our markets and gaining market share from our customers. And that's really where all our energy and focus is at. That doesn't mean that we will not let margins fall through as they produce themselves, but that's not what we're aiming at and that's not the purpose of the acquisition of those factories. The purpose of the acquisitions of those factories is really to support the top line growth. And happily, those factories came to us at very inexpensive costs.
Kevin March: I don't think I'd make any assumptions, Edward. I think that we don't set the prices. The markets set the prices, and we can't anticipate how competitors will respond to customer demands. What we're really focused on is making sure that we have adequate capacity to grow as rapidly as we can, as our customers will accept our products. But to infer that, that would lead us to a pricing decision would be an incorrect conclusion, because frankly, prices are set competitively, not unilaterally in our space.
Kevin March: Ramesh, what I have indicated to in my opening remarks was that we believe that we have acquired enough capacity to meet our intermediate-term growth objectives. So we're pretty satisfied with what we've got so far. Now that's not to say that if we continue to find some of those factories at price points that frankly are unheard of in our time in this industry that we may not consider them for acquisition. But our focus now is on bringing these factories up that we have and bringing price up in the production, getting ready for what we believe will be a resumption of growth in the industry in the next couple of quarters.
Kevin March: Shawn, the factories, some portion of those acquisitions are in capital and some portion of those acquisitions are being accounted for as an acquisition of the business. In fact, you could see that on the cash flow statement with our earnings release. For example, on the Japan acquisition, we used net of about $130 million acquiring all of those assets and about $59 million of that is for an acquisition of the business in the balance acquisition that goes through CapEx. With the acquisition in Chengdu, we will initially used about $140 million in acquired net asset. And most of that will probably through the acquisition of the business. The remaining $35 million or so will be earned out on the acquisition over the course of next year. So it's a bit of a mix. Some of it's going through CapEx and some of it is acquisition of a business. As far as the revenue that we expect, we anticipate that the revenue that we will get through those transition service agreements will be less than 1% of TI's revenue. And by and large, what that will wind up doing is absorbing the cost of those factories during the period that we are bringing up our own process technologies and tie those factories.
Kevin March: Shawn, we haven't publicized our utilization rates in a while but that would just leave it to say it that they were relatively flat for the last couple of quarters, and with the increasing capacity coming online and our expectation of decline in revenues going into the fourth quarter, we expect our utilization probably to drop a little bit, but I don't think there's going to be any material impact especially given the cost of the capacity we brought online. We don't give a GPM forecast. We just give a revenue and earnings per share forecast. And I think I'll just leave it at that for now.
Kevin March: Srini, there will be some incremental depreciation. And in fact, with the qualification of RFAB this quarter, we expect to see depreciation going up a little bit in the fourth quarter. But I would remind you also that there's a natural roll-off that goes on. So while depreciation may be up for a couple of quarters, I expect it will come back down as we move into next year. In fact, if you just kind of step back and take a look at the broader picture, you may recall that we depreciate on a five-year straight-line basis. If you go back to 2005 and look at our capital expenditures back then, it was about $1.330 billion if I recall. And that's beginning to roll off and will roll off over the next couple of quarters. Our CapEx forecast for this year is $1.2 billion. And I mentioned earlier that some of those acquisitions are going through acquisition of the business. So if you add it all together and we're probably talking about $1.4 billion or so of assets that we're acquiring this year that will be depreciated. So to a large extent, what's rolling off will be replaced with the acquisitions that we've made in 2000 and plan to make here in 2010. And so year-over-year, we don't expect our depreciation to change all that much. We'll be able to give a more precise outlook on that after we close the fourth quarter. But for some early planning and for trying to figure out what depreciation might do for GPM, that may help frame that for you a little bit.
Kevin March: The variable costs of RFAB will scale with revenue. So clearly, staffing and material cost and so on are highly variable and will be brought on only as revenue pulls demand through that factory. And then the variable costs associated again with the acquisitions in Japan and China, by and large, are being offset by the Transition Services Agreement as we bring up our new processes there. So we expect a fairly smooth transition unless those Transition Services Agreement begins to shift downward, and that cost is left behind, that should happen about the same time that we're bringing up our own production inside those factories and we can absorb that into the revenue-generating wafers.
Kevin March: Stacy, I think that the short answer is no on the impact from GPM. I did mention earlier that we will see depreciation go up a bit in fourth quarter because we have now qualified most of the equipment in RFAB. So clearly, that will be there. But I don't think it will actually move the needle that much from an overall GPM standpoint.
Kevin March: No. On the return on invested capital, you're right, it's pretty high this quarter. We're about 34.2% by my math there. I wouldn't say that there is a model per se other than that we're mindful of the fact that profitable enterprises has have to return on their capital in excess of what their of cost of capital is. So clearly, as long as we're above that, we believe we're adding value to our shareholders and clearly, we are well above that right now. One of the things that high ROIC does do for us is that it allows us to generate healthy levels of cash. And as we've seen here, certainly for an extended period of time, cash in excess of what we need to actually grow and operate our business on a day-to-day and quarter-to-quarter basis, which allows us to be pretty aggressive on buying back shares and also over time, returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends as well.
Kevin March: Chris, the capacity we're putting in place is aimed directly at our Analog portfolio. If you take a look from a 300-millimeter standpoint, clearly, the higher volume first, especially those parts that are developed in our HVAL business as well as some of our higher volume Power parts and certain other parts would be prime candidates to go to that factory. I also mentioned earlier that the factory in Chengdu, China was already manufacturing some parts for us for our HVAL business and we'll continue to do that. And as we port our processes in there, we expect to put our Power MOSFET business into that factory as we go into 2011. And then as it relates to our factory in Japan, the process reporting there will be initially ideal to suit the High-Performance Analog business portfolio. So each of those factories will be able to support all three elements of our Analog. But again, they're really aimed at the Analog portfolio. As we look into 2011, with the fab capacity brought online, we'll be continuing to pay attention to our assembly and test capacity and make sure we that keep that ahead of the output from those wafer fabs.
Kevin March: Adam, I think that a lot of times in the past, we've seen what are typically described as inventory corrections in the summer aftermarkets, it's brought on by usually an excess of inventory in the channel or more often an excess of capacity driving that excess of material. And in fact, we appear to see just the opposite of our channel inventory remains fairly lean, at least from indications from our products that we can get from permission from our customers for our products. And broadly speaking, it looks for us for the whole industry, I've seen numerous reports that indicate that total installed capacity for wafer fabs from starts standpoint globally is still down significantly from its high point in third quarter '08. Most recent stats I've seen suggest that it's still running around 14%, 15% below where it was back then. So we don't have excess capacity driving excess production. Generally speaking, we do not see much evidence of any excess components of ours up in the channel. What we do seem to be seeing is after the sweet cyclical snapback last year at many of these channels, we're seeing growth rates now that are beginning to mirror much more to what's happening in the global economy from overall demand. So from that standpoint, and just from the history of these kinds of adjustments. We'd expect a couple of quarters of relatively mild adjustment and a resumption of growth. We're not making a prediction as to what that growth looks like when it resumes, but we expect it will be a resumption of growth after a few quarters of pause.
Kevin March: Adam, I'll go ahead and answer that for you. I think that the R&D investment is probably good intro to an answer on that. Over the last year, we have pretty much removed all of our investment in the Baseband as we talked about multiple quarters now and directed that over to the non-baseband portion of our Wireless portfolio, which is both connectivity as well as the apps processor. Included the apps processor is getting a large share of that R&D investment. I would add that connectivity is also, as we're finding different markets for those products to be sold into, but clearly, the lion's share of the R&D is going into the apps processor space. So that is a space that is ripe for growth not only in cellphones, but in tablets and other applications as well such as personal navigation devices, infotainment systems onboard in cars, a number of different spaces where those products can be used.
Kevin March: Tore, that's really just getting leverage from the revenue growth that you saw there. The overall operating expenditures, we increased those. You might recall back in first quarter, we moved quite a few resources from our Other segment into the EP segment, into the Embedded Processing segment, which temporarily depressed operating margins there. And now as we're seeing the revenue growing very strongly there, we're just simply getting a great deal of leverage off of that.
Kevin March: Tore, our goal remains to be in the 5% to 8% level. And as we've indicated, that, that should be what you'll see us doing over time. We won't let that artificially to prevent us from going after very attractive opportunities such as you've seen us move on here recently. But in fact, for purposes of modeling, you should continue to expect us to operate at 5% to 8% and consider what has occurred here recently as an opportunistic aberration.
Kevin March: Jim, we grew inventory in dollar terms in third quarter and yet our days dropped about another day on us. And in fact, we would like to continue to try to grow some, especially in those areas where we have lead times that are beyond what our customers expect of us. So we will continue to operate the factories, focus on those areas where we're still short on overall capacity. And given the fact that we would expect revenue in the fourth quarter, below in third quarter, that should have some impact on our days of for as long as we go in the fourth quarter.
Kevin March: I think it's the latter, Jim. You should look at us using our free operating cash flow for purposes of that buyback. We have no intention of doing accelerated buyback.
