Kevin March: Okay, John a think there were a couple in there so let me see if I can remember them all. Starting with OpEx and trends, the -- clearly OpEx was down quarter-over-quarter largely as a result of some of the restructuring actions we previously announced as well as just ongoing cost discipline in all the various businesses across TI. As you look into fourth quarter, if you just go back and take a look at a year ago that's probably your best gauge to take a look at the fourth quarter and even first quarter for that matter. We typically see that OpEx is lower in the fourth quarter due to holidays and vacations. In addition this fourth quarter, we expect a further benefit of another $15 million of cost to come out as a result of the restructuring that we announced on the embedded processing that's part of that $130 million of annualized savings that you were mentioning John. In fact we're probably running ahead of that $130 million of annualized savings right now. We're probably come up to beyond that. From the total R&D spend, as a percent of revenue, again, I think what's more important is not how much you spent, but how well you spent it. And I think the best indicator and how well you are spending is what's happening to your market share as a result of the products we're introducing into the market. In our case, if you take a look at 2006 through 2013, the last full year periods that we reported on, our total R&D spend is up 77% over that period. But most importantly, that R&D is a result in products where we have continually gained share. So, again I think John its less a question of how much you spend and a lot more how well you spend it and spend it on things that customers really carry about.
Kevin March: Yeah, Ambrish. I will take that one. On embedded processing there our margins have been continuously improving over these last few quarters and we would expect further improvement. Recall, I just mentioned earlier in the call that we would expect another $15 million or so of cost to come out of fourth quarter and most of that will come out of embedded processing. I would add that, from this point going forward, and we've talked about this last couple of quarters, the amount of spend inside embedded processing is sufficient. It doesn’t need to increase anymore. What really the focus is revenue growth and that’s what this is really about. And that entire team has been very focused on that. I believe they just recorded their eight quarter in a row of year-over-year revenue growth, so they clearly are working on the right metrics to really make that business start to deliver profitability at the level we expected to at TI.
Kevin March: Actually they all flowed through the margins, Stacy, but not all through embedded processing. Recall, those actions incorporate both embedded processing as well as actions in Japan, which drove margins as well. Even with that at the EP level you did see about a 72% fall through on that delta revenue. So you're seeing it come through, but do keep in mind that Japan start spreading on some of the other businesses as well.
Kevin March: Sure, Stacy. I think that, clearly, the extra revenue came through and it was quite rich. We also had a slightly better mix of overall products that were shipped in the quarter. That combined gave us that new record gross profit margin of 58.4%. As we look into fourth quarter, I would not characterize our guidance suggesting that margins go up. We will be reducing loading some in the fourth quarter on a seasonal basis. Hence you can expect that margins will be down a bit, not very much, but down just a little bit. So depending on how you're building your model there I wouldn’t assume margins increase in fourth quarter. 
Kevin March: Harlan, I won't comment on first half, but I will give you some thoughts on first quarter. Your best way to analyze that, this could take a look at what happened from fourth quarter to first quarter of the most recent year coming out of 2013, 2012. We do have seasonal increases in OpEx as we go from fourth to first typically because of an absence of vacations that we have in fourth and the partial implementation of our annual pay and benefit increases that occur in first. So they will -- you should expect those to be up and you can take a look at -- again this past year to get a rough idea as about how much that increased by in percentage terms. 
Kevin March: Yeah, Craig. I think that as we look forward from an optimization standpoint, I think the ones you've talked about so far have been more about where we might have trimmed areas that had opportunities perhaps not quite as attractive as other areas.  I think perhaps one of the areas least appreciated as people look at TI on a go forward basis is the impact that continued delta revenue on 300 millimeter analog is going to have for us. The cost structure to build on 300 millimeter is very attractive. And so incremental revenue going forward on 300 millimeter, we expect to produce not only higher margins, but also higher levels of total cash on that delta revenue.
Kevin March: Yeah, Stephen, we do that on ongoing basis. That’s one of the ways that we’re able to keep sort of lead-time for the overwhelming majority of our parts to six weeks or less. In fact, we build the stock not necessarily build the order. Meaning, we maintain a stock of inventory such that we can always have short lead-times from our customers. So from a strategic standpoint that is done.  It does have a little bit of ebb and flow. As you point out, when we have lower loadings in certain quarter it gives us chance to build up on feed extra parts on that. But I don’t think there is a whole lot of opportunity to do that just to impact the gross margins. I think we're really doing that to impact customer service.
Kevin March: Joe on the underutilization charges, the answer is yes there are. But we're not really talking about those anymore and the reason is really kind of straight forward. We found that analysts and some inventories where on a conclusion that because we had underutilization that increase in our utilization would be the maximum amount by which we could increase our overall profitability if we put revenue into those factories, and that’s really an incomplete answer. Remind you that our stated strategy is to invest in our capacity ahead of demand by definition. That means we will have open capacity and underutilization cost. Our purpose of providing ahead of demand is to purchase that capacity with as little cash as possible.  So the utilization charge is mostly a non-cash charge and it tends to mix the point that our objective is to maximizing free cash flow. So for that reason you haven't really heard us commenting on or quantifying underutilization charges this past few quarters and unlikely to in the future unless there is some material changes that causes the better understanding of what's going on.
Kevin March: Yeah, Vivek. I don’t know that I'm prepared to give you a detailed quantification of that nature. What I would just say is that, we've talked in past about -- just from the geometrics alone that the chip cost itself was about 30% lower on 300 millimeter than it is on 200. Not to mention that you also get better yield results and so on, so you get a number of different benefits. So what we are seeing happening is proportionally more and more new products that we're releasing are being released on to 300 millimeter, which means as we look out over the next year, two, three, four years, more and more of our revenue will be sourced off of 300 millimeter, which inherently means it's got lower cost which should allow us to incrementally increase our gross margins as well as our importantly our free cash flow.  Beyond that I don’t have any specifics I will give you at this point in time. But I do want to introduce that confidence to people because I think it's been underestimated as to how important that to TI's continued progress.
Kevin March: Yeah, Mark. I don’t know that I will speak for the industry, but I will speak for TI and kind of go back to comment we made earlier. As a result of us taking an approach whereby we intentionally invested capacity before we needed and therefore always have more capacity that was needed for that quarter's business. It allows us to be able to build inventory in a much more thoughtful fashion than we have in the past.  A consequence of that has been that not only have we've been able to maintain lead-times for the preponderance of our products that’s six weeks or less for several years now, we've also been able to maintain a very high level of on time delivery to our customers against those lead-times. So when you put that together, what you've really got for TI is it's just a different way whereby we are managing our manufacturing footprint and how we utilize that manufacturing for purposes of managing inventory.  As it relates to double ordering, again, one of the biggest things that tends to be evident when double orderings begins to popup as you start seeing cancellations or reschedulings beginning to ramp up. We do not see that and we have not seen that for some time now.  So I think the strategy whereby we have capacity ahead of demand and we use that thoughtfully to make sure that we can maintain relatively low lead-times is severing well to satisfying our customers at least as it relates to demand for our products.
Kevin March: Yeah, Blayne, the guidance actually -- we are up a little bit from guidance, not a huge amount. But really what we have was little bit more revenue come through. But importantly we also have a slightly better mix of product that we ship to our customer. And so combined that gave us a slightly higher gross margin than previous expected. And then on a go forward basis, again, that mix continues to be in our favor as we go forward and so consequently as we look into fourth quarter our margins will continue to be quite strong.  And importantly, because of the rather unique situation that we have with 300 millimeter analog manufacturing capacity, we have significant opportunity to continue to drive not just improved margins but importantly good cash flow. Again, I will remind you some of the things that we do. We've got 300 millimeter analog. I do want to make that point of having it. We've got a lot more of our revenue coming from catalog parts which inherently tend to have more attractive margin characteristics. We have increasing portions of our revenue coming from industrial and automotive spaces and those three concepts are pretty important. Catalog parts, industrial, automotive tend to have very nice long revenue streams, which means we have plenty of time to figure out and maximize our cost efficiency from production standpoint and maximize our revenue and cash flow off that. Now, we've got increasing customer diversity. So our dependence on any one customer and therefore of the risk to our loadings or cash flow generation are diminished. And perhaps also very importantly we have a sales force that we estimate to be three to four times larger than our nearest competitors and those folks are becoming increasingly productive. And so we're beginning to get a lot more revenue per sales person which means we can grow revenue without having to grow OpEx as fast as revenues growing. Those things combined not only will help our margins, but also definitely help our cash flow. 
Kevin March: Yeah, Ross I actually pointed to the last fourth to first transition with the idea, that's a good one for you to look at because in fact the timing of the announcement for the embedded process and Japan restructuring, you may remember we announced that in January of this past year, so we hadn't even begun the activities yet inside the first quarter. So, the underlying cost in there is fairly clean from a competitive standpoint between fourth and first and so I'd use that as your figure of (merit) [ph] to trying to figure where we go in 2014.
Kevin March: Okay, Doug it's not like may be there's two ideas in your question, one on M&A, one on debt. Clearly, on the M&A front, as you point out, we have been quite willing to take on M&A activities when it makes sense and our definition of what makes sense firstly has to be a strategic fit meaning that it really has to make sense for why we want to take the company. As we look at potential M&A in the future, it's most likely to be biased towards analog and probably towards items with catalog parts, service the industrial or automotive spaces. There may be others, but those are the most likely areas that we would look at. If it turns out that it checks off that strategic fit standpoint and of course, we'll have to take a look at the numbers and make sure that the price that we would pay met -- what I mean by that is not necessarily what its market cap is but the market we probably have to pay on top of that, that that total cost would be accretive to our lack or way the average cost of capital in the two to four year timeframe. So, there's the several test that we go through and we will make a termination on acquisition. As it relates to debt, as you know we have taken on debt to support acquisitions in the past. We think having the balance sheet available to support those kinds of strategic initiatives are important and a worthwhile thing for us to maintain for maximum flexibility as we move forward and so as we look out in time and even look at the last couple of years, while we have been issuing new debt, we've also been retiring older debt and retiring a little bit faster than what we've been issuing so that we're taking our whole debt levels down that's having the result of generally slowly opening the balance sheet back up to make itself available for any other opportunity that might present itself at some point in the future. So, that's how we're looking at M&A and that's how debt kind of roles inside that book.
Kevin March: Yes, Will, I think we're going to try to just hold back and say it is proportionally more than it has -- each period that goes by is proportionally more, but I think that we'll hold at a little while longer till we can get a more comprehensive look and better understanding for everybody on how to think about that 300 going forward. I just do think that it's -- again the highest level it’s a fairly straightforward competition. 30% lower dye cost which means about 50% lower total -- total IC cost. And as we get proportionally more revenue going on there that will just incrementally benefit our margins on our cash flows as we go forward in time. That is something that I've become aware of and talking to investors the last couple of quarters that is underappreciated and what's going on inside the portfolio itself.
Kevin March: Tory I guess I probably say that it's about the same. I wouldn't classify it is better or weaker, I said it about the same in that -- again we have had the same lead-times for several years and customers are ordering consistent with that generally speaking. You get some of expert from time-to-time because they've under-ordered or have a surprise on their but that was true a year ago and it's probably true today. And we continue to see customers manage their inventories of our products as they have early as was mentioned earlier and the distribution channel, we're at all-time lows a 4.5 weeks of inventory that's same last quarter and this quarter that's very low. From a customer standpoint, we see them again ordering lead-time and consistent ordering patterns so that tells us they are order -- they are keeping their inventories very low. So, I think overall I probably characterize it as relatively the same kind of customer demeanor today as what we saw a year ago.
Kevin March: CJ, the thing here to do is take a look at year ago third quarter, fourth quarter there was a seasonal decrease. On top of that will be another $15 million as the last rest of the EP restructuring is completed.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And I would just add, Harlan, that the -- as we indicated before, Kevin pointed out that we are expecting about $15 million more savings in fourth quarter at that point will be essentially complete on those announced actions. So, we will basically be just have a seasonal impact that Kevin had mentioned. All right, thank you. We will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. So on a sequential basis if you look at our analog business it was up primarily due to High Volume Analog & Logic, as well as Power Management. Though we did see growth really from all four businesses, High Performance Analog and Silicon Valley also grew. So, you see a little bit of difference there sequentially. But again power continue to strong in both comparisons.  Okay, thank you, Craig. We will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yeah. And I would also add, Stephen that if you take the combined way that we are managing inventory now and we're being very intentional specific targeted programs depending on how quickly that inventory turns. But you take that plus the open capacity that we've got and the combination of those two things and we've really been able to execute at very high levels and deliver our products on time to customers. And so we think not only having low lead-times but also delivering product when you make a commitment to a customer, combination of those things are what customers would like to have. Okay. Thank you. We move on to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Well, if I just look at the communications market overall and I would -- from a year-on-year standpoint it was up primarily due to wireless infrastructure, while sequentially it was down. And basically we just saw that in -- as a seasonal pause in the fourth quarter. So thank you very much…
Dave Pahl: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks for clarification. I think it’s a real good question. So when we referred of that, we look at a bunch of different customer service metrics. One is just how many line items are we shipping on time and we've had some very intentional initiatives that have been set up to be able to ensure that that is a good solid number and we are taking advantage of both the capacity and our inventory to ensure that we are consistently delivering on time. And so that’s one of the metrics that we look at and that’s what we mean by customer service, it's not really changing those lead-times, but keeping them stable and then delivering products when we saw that we'll deliver them. It's really the combination of those two things.  So thanks Mark, and we will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Well, yeah, I will let you draw the conclusions from the numbers. I think that, obviously, the results are solid. I think that the outlook is consistent with the orders and our visibility into what customers are telling us they want from a consignment standpoint. So -- and from a share gain standpoint, I think that we've had multiple years now where we have had gain share, think it's always hard to tell in any one particular quarter that you're picking up share, but I think when you look back over a year, you can see that trend. So, we believe in our numbers, there share gains, but I'd be careful and anyone quarter to be able to point that out. So, thank you Blayne. And we'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Sure, sure. Thanks Ross. Yeah, so on a year-on-year basis, again, other was even. We saw a decline in legacy wireless products and that was mostly offset by the growth in DLP products. On a sequential basis -- let me just finish year-on-year. If you look beyond that, calculators as well as custom ASIC business were up and royalties were down just slightly. So sequentially, revenue was up due to growth in calculators and DLPs. Royalties were flat and custom ASIC was down a little bit. So, I'd say that all of those businesses are performing well and if you look at DLP, they are typically stronger in the back half of the year in third quarter, but I would say that business is just executing well. When we look at that business longer term, I describe that it's got several wildcard growth opportunities. If you look at most of the business today, it will be centered up in the front projectors that you'll typically see in offices and schools and government buildings, but -- and it also has a solid cinema business, but from a broader standpoint, it's some opportunities inside of automotive as well as some embedded opportunities there as well.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I think if you look at embedded, it will have a high exposure to really three different markets. Its communications, equipment, industrial and automotive and like you said our analog business has a much broader exposure including exposure to personal electronics. It has obviously good exposure to industrial and automotive as well, but it's really those types of differences that will explain that performance. If you look at embedded processing and you look back at the growth rates between the two businesses, you'll note that often times they will grow at different rates. But if you look over that eight quarter period that embedded processing has been growing year-over-year, the growth rate for both of those businesses are essentially -- exactly the same, so kind of works out that way over a longer period of time. So, thank you Will, and we'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Well, I would say that internally we have very aggressive goals to grow the businesses and I just describe that as we want to outgrow the market significantly in analog, so we have got all the business units that are focused up on that. We do look at the performance of the product lines every quarter and we really look at a three-year compounded annual growth rate and stack that up against all the other businesses both inside of TI as well as competitors externally and that's how we measure it. So, again as I've said earlier a 10% we believe would represent some share gain, but it would be real cautious to look at anyone quarter and draw the conclusion or try to dice out what percentage of that growth would be from share gains. So, okay thank you Tory and we’ll -- operator, I think we've got time for one more caller.
Dave Pahl: Yes. Our inventories really from a day standpoint have remained unchanged at what I would just describe historically low levels, just a little over four and a half weeks. Again, that number is low because of the consignment programs that we have put in place. Beyond our distributors and into our customers, we do have a good percentage of our revenues on consignment overall and in fact, if you combine what we shipped through distribution as well as what we ship to OEMs on consignment that represents about 50% or about half of our revenues where we actually there is no inventory sitting in front of us and that manufacturing line for those inventories. So, we know that inventory number and it is zero. So, we have very good visibility into that portion and we do have a balance of the business that's kind of the classic -- I'll describe it as book ship type business where they give us an order and goes on to a backlog and we ship it at lead-time. So, -- and there we haven't seen any reports of large inventory pockets from customers, we're going through and racking up this quarter's results and we will see what happens on that front but we're not aware of any big pockets that are downstream. So, okay well thank you very much CJ for your question. Thank you all for joining us today and a replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
