Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. The first quarter was a good start to the year for TI. Our positions in analog and embedded processing contributed strongly, with combined revenue for these products up 13% from a year ago. As important markets such as industrial and automotive continued to embrace electronics technology, analog and embedded processing products are critical and TI should benefit accordingly.  Revenue of $2.98 billion was in the upper half of our expected range that we communicated in January. Earnings per share of $0.44 was at the top of our expected range. EPS included $0.02 that was not in our prior guidance from sales of a site and other assets associated with previously announced restructuring actions. Free cash flow was $3.1 billion or 25% of revenue for the trailing 12 months period, right in line with the 20% to 30% range where we expect to operate over time. For those of you who missed our capital management call in March, we raised our expected range for free cash flow margins from 20% to 25% to 20% to 30% in that call. Also over the past 12 months, we returned over $4 billion of cash to investors through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. In the March call, Kevin explained that our updated model for cash returns to shareholders was to return all of our free cash flow less the net debt amount that is retired plus proceeds that we received from exercises of equity compensation. Inclusion of the exercise proceeds was a new addition to the model from what we had previously communicated. Against this targeted return level, we returned 99% over the past 12 months. In the first quarter, TI revenue grew 3% from a year ago. Excluding legacy wireless, revenue grew 11% with double digit growth in both analog and embedded processing. Analog revenue grew 11% from a year ago with all four major product lines up. Power management and high performance analog led this growth, and were each up about the same amount. Embedded processing revenue grew 17% from a year ago with micro-controllers leading the way. Our increased investments in this growth area over the past few years are yielding favorable results.  In our other segment, revenue declined $186 million or 28% from a year ago due to legacy wireless which has now declined to the single digit millions of dollars.  Turning to distribution, Resales increased 10% from a year ago, while distributors’ inventory remained about the same and it’s just under five and a half weeks. From an end market perspective, the most growth from a year ago came from communications equipment, followed by industrial and automotive.  Enterprise Systems was about even, while revenue in personal electronics declined due to mobile phones and tablets, areas that previously used legacy wireless products from TI.  Now Kevin will review profitability, capital management and our outlook. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. And when you talk about our reclassification of revenue, are you talking about by end market or are you talking by -_John Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities: By end markets specifically, Ron. Thank you. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Even though was end market, let me first of all address that more by product line. So the biggest mix change has been as we’ve gotten out of legacy wireless. And even though that’s essentially zero as of first quarter, you’ll still see the impact on the year-on-year comparison through the course of 2014. And in general the legacy wireless gross margins were lower than corporate average. So getting out of that, those product areas was beneficial to gross margin. From and end marker stand point probably the way to think about it is that gross margins tend to be highest and this is not unique to TI; you can just look across a broader range of companies, but gross margins tend to be highest where volumes tend to be lowest.  Meaning where -- maybe the better way to say it is where the revenue is most diversified across customers and application areas so for example, industrial. You can see other companies that are highly focused on industrial and we see it in our own results where you’re selling catalogue products into lots and lots of different customers and different applications within the industrial space and that tends to be at pretty nice gross margins. Other areas like automotive where there are a lot of special requirements from the standpoint of quality, the design end cycles tend to be long. The product life cycle both in automotive and in industrial tend to be long and that tends to be beneficial for gross margins also.  They probably tend to be lowest in the short cycle, high volume end market areas and that’s partly the nature of the competitiveness of those opportunities, combined with you don’t really have time in terms of the life cycle of the product to engineer in cost reductions, to get gross margins where you would really like to see them over time. And so there’s lots of examples of that and again you see it in our own results and you would see it probably more broadly with other companies. So if you say where you would expect to see highest growth over time, I would say just make a couple of observations.  I think both industrial and automotive from an application area, from their embracement of electronics technology, they’re at a tipping point where those very likely will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets going forward just by nature of the provision of semiconductor technology inside those applications. Now I would also say that we have a good position in those markets and we believe analogue and embedded are important. And we also believe frankly our sales force and the breadth sales force is an important competitive advantage for TI in reaching especially in the industrial markets, a broad base of customers there.  So probably not surprisingly and you’ve heard us say for some time now, they are priority areas for TI in terms of investment and in terms of our expected penetration into those markets and applications. And that doesn’t necessarily mean that their revenue will grow faster as a percentage of TI’s total because you never know what will happen in a particular high volume market. But over time I think you would expect that our position in those markets get stronger and over time the percent of our revenue that is coming from industrial and automotive will continue to grow as well.  Okay. John, thanks for the questions and let’s move to the next caller. 
Ron Slaymaker: Do you have a follow up, Mark?Mark Lipacis – Jefferies & Company: Yeah, I did and thanks for asking that clarification, Ron. I appreciate that. In trying to model the cash flows through the year, normally you have Q1. You have accounts payable and accounts receivable are a big use of cash, which they were this quarter and then in Q4 accounts receivable becomes a nice source of cash. Is it fair to assume that that typical pattern is what we would expect to see? And is there any other working capital shifts that might happen this year that’s different than what you’ve historically had? Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: I’ll comment on backlog. Doug, you asked about that. We came into last quarter with a book-to-bill of 0.94 and we’ve come into this quarter with a book-to-bill of 1.03. So clearly we’ve got a little bit more visibility than we had last quarter or even the quarter before that. Just to put that in perspective, orders in the quarter -- I think we mentioned earlier we are up about 4% year over year. That works out to being up about 7% quarter over quarter. So with those combined elements from a backlog standpoint, that leads to expect that we will have pretty reasonable growth in total revenues as we go in second quarter as indicated by the guidance that we’ve included with this release. 
Ron Slaymaker: Are you there Blayne? Operator, why don’t we move on and if Blayne comes back in maybe we can bring him back up.
Ron Slaymaker: Romit, I believe that Kevin addressed that earlier and he said basically OpEx should be relatively flat. So instead of repeating that, we’ll move on to the next caller please.
Ron Slaymaker: I’d offer a couple of things. Microcontrollers; the beauty of microcontrollers is they tend not to -- they are so, so diversified across applications. And so good luck on that channel check, but they’re very much so in industrial applications. Certainly automotive is a factor there. The other piece that I would mention for embedded processing that I already mentioned was communications equipment. Base stations clearly was a lift for TI. The only thing I would caution against is the view that that would draw some significant upside, because the reality is I think for most part analogue and embedded processing came in about as expected. And in fact our revenue overall I think we’re 1% or so above the midpoint of our guidance range. So again the quarter generally came in about as we expected. But what drove the strength there would probably be a mix of industrial, automotive microcontroller applications as well as communications equipment. But pretty much everything was broadly up in the quarter.  I guess that was your follow up, Ross. Thank you and we’ll move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Blayne, thanks for your questions. I’m glad you were able to circle back in and let’s move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: We did hit on some of those things. I’ll say channel inventory for TI we described as less than five and a half weeks, really unchanged from where it’s been for some time now. And I would just say if you look more broadly, we think inventory that we would characterize that as lean. We would characterize customer inventory as lean. Maybe one of the best data points is cancellations from customers are incredibly low right now and we think that reflects a combination of lean inventories as well as the growing demand environment that we are in. But I think both the other pieces there we did address already.  Okay Tim, thanks for your questions. We’ll move to the next caller please. 
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Thanks Jim, and that’s a good question. So let me do a couple of things. I’ll also give a little bit of the color of what happened in quarter by end market because nobody has asked that question. But very clearly we do talk about the one end market being personal electronics and in 2013 that was 37% of our revenue. That is not what you would historically or typically think of as consumer though. It does have products like gaming products in there. It has television in there, set top box, but it also includes mobile phones, notebook computers, printers and also things like tablets. And so it will go down between 2013 and 2014 largely because of our exit from legacy wireless.  So, most of that revenue would have been shipping into the personal electronics space. But again don’t -- and I’ve had a number of questions from analysts over the last few months that imply that a people think of personal electronics as consumer. It’s not. It’s again mobile phones, notebooks and that space as well. They do tend to be consumer buying decisions as opposed to enterprise, but they are not what you’ve typically thought of in past as consumer electronic. So I think in the prepared remarks we gave a top level overview of what drove revenue from a year ago. Maybe I can give a little more granularity on that. So I think we talked about communications equipment being the highest contributor of growth from a year ago.  That very clearly tied to wireless infrastructure. Next we said industrial. Interestingly industrial, if you go out to our website, we break that down into multiple sectors, something like 12, 15 different sectors below the industrial level. Pretty much all of them were up in that year-on-year comparison, with most of them up at a double digit growth level, so good strength and broad strength in industrial. Automotive, similarly. If you go look at the sectors on our website, all of them were up. Infotainment products were the strongest, but all of the sectors inside automotive were up.  Enterprise Systems we said were about even for TI and that really is a combination of growth in projector revenue, which again is primarily DLP for TI, offset by declines in servers and then the last area which we started off with on personal electronics. It was down, but it was down pretty much only due to legacy wireless. If you would have excluded the legacy wireless revenue out of that comparison, then personal electronics would have been about even from a year ago. So again that’s just a little more color of what happened inside there. Jim, thank you for your questions and let’s move to the next caller.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, great. Eric, thanks for your questions and we’re going to wrap it at this point. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin March: So John, let me start with the OpEx. As you look into the next quarter in particular, recall that in the ... just to step back for a moment. On an annual basis, we typically have our pay and benefit increases occurring in the first quarter. And typically, two of the three months of the first quarter will incur that increase. So clearly as we go into second quarter, we’ll have a full three months of that increase. But to the point that you were bringing up on some of the savings that we’ll see from the restructuring in Embedded Processing actions, we’ll see a little bit of that savings begin to materialize in the second quarter. So OpEx will probably be fairly flat. The majority of that savings will occur in the second half of the year. And just to remind everyone else, we’re expecting about $130 million in annualized savings as a result of that announced restructuring. On the gross profit, it’s exactly as you said John. You should be thinking that over the course of the cycle, our fall through average is about on the way up and on the way down. So that’s a good long term model to be using as you build your model. 
Kevin March: It’s a more smoothing type of application. It will not affect the timing of our repurchases. We will continue to do repurchases, as you’ve seen us in the past, which is a very steady hand, constant hand as we go through time. And we don’t try to time our repurchases. We just try to be very steady and methodical about it. 
Kevin March: Mark, I think you’ve identified that quite well. Typically our first and second quarters are our lowest for cash flow and operating cash flow and free flow cash generation. First quarter we had pay and benefit increases as I mentioned earlier. We also pay out our profit share and our performance bonuses during the first quarter. Then the second quarter, we of course have estimated tax payments that we have to make for the year that uses some cash, but as we travel through the year, our operating cash and our free cash flow have a tendency to increase, first to second to third to fourth and then decline again. And I don’t see anything in 2014 that would suggest that would be any different than what we’ve seen for a number of years now.
Kevin March: I can maybe give you a little bit on that. In terms of ASPs Mark, Doug, excuses me, I’m really not aware that there’s been any significant shift one way or the other. And again that just tends to shift that take place on ASPs when you have differentiated products such as we do, tend to be more driven by mix than they would general pricing environment you might say or a competitive pricing environment. Again no substantial shift there other than when you look over time on, the longer term impact of moving out of legacy wireless. Lead times are generally stable. At any point in time you always have some mixed differences that might cause lead times to move in or out for one product area versus another. But generally lead times are stable and for TI what that means is the majority of our products are shipping with lead times of less than six weeks.
Kevin March: And I know I’ve said this before, but let me just remind you that with the 1.03 book-to-bill, today about 45% of our revenue is supported by consignment and JIT programs. And so for that revenue, book-to-bill is always 1.0. So the 1.03 is a blend of really only the revenue that’s non-JIT or non-consignment which is 55% of our revenue. So if I just round and call that half of our revenue, the book-to-bill on those products that would be shipping on traditional backlog and order entry type process would be more like a 1.06, the total being a 1.03 because that 1.06 then gets blended with the JIT consignment products at a 1.0 book-to-bill. 
Kevin March: Yeah. Doug, I think that we do have some leverage certainly in 2014 and that is the restructuring that we announced in [beta] processing and Japan. That mostly will kick in during the second half. So again just to remind you, that’s $130 million of annualized savings that we expect to capture by the end of the year. So as we roll into next year we’ll see it on an annual basis. That $130 million will spread roughly 65% in R&D, 20% in SG&A and the balance of 15% in cost of revenue and cost of goods sold. So we’re kind of spread that way. Beyond 2014, again I think we’ve commented a couple of times on prior calls our basic model for OpEx is to operate between 20% and 30% of revenue. So it will not go up or down necessarily at the same pace that revenue goes up or down. It will be more of a steady change over time, but some of these one off anomalies like I just described with the restructuring going on in a [beta] processing and Japan. 
Kevin March: Chris, on utilization again we haven’t disclosed the actual percentage utilization in quite some time. We tend to do that when it’s really a dramatic change, it’s informative. I will just say that our factory utilization from a stats basis was higher in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter, but the average wafers that moved through the factories was about the same in both quarters. So, consequently the underutilization charge was the same in both quarters, both fourth quarter and first quarter at about $105 million. With the outlook that we have for the second quarter with the guidance that we’ve offered, clearly we have been and we’ll continue to increase the loadings in the factories to support the increased expected outlook revenue growth in the second quarter. And then just to the last part of your question there, the installed capacity that we have today is equipped to the point to support we believe about $18 billion of revenue. As we go forward, we’ll continue to look for opportunities to increase capacity at the lowest possible cost as we have done for a number of years now so that we can remain focused on maximizing continuous free cash flow over time as opposed to trying to maximize factory utilization levels over time. 
Kevin March: Yeah. I think you’re going to see -- certainly you get some EPS growth just off the revenue growth itself. You will see some improvement on utilization. As I mentioned a moment ago, we’re increasing the loadings in the factories. But you’ll also see a similar improvement as you go to the next quarter just on lower manufacturing cost. Recall a couple of years ago that we had announced that we were closing two older six inch factories, one in Houston and one in Hiji, Japan and those basically are behind us now. And so that cost saving is finding its way through. So you’ve got a couple moving parts going on inside there. 
Kevin March: Blayne, we don’t specifically break our forecast out into particular end markets or product areas. But I think what I would be safe in saying is that it’s a pretty broad based traction that is taking place in second quarter and it’s driving that growth. That doesn’t mean everything is up uniformly the same but it is -- we believe the strength will be pretty broad based for us. And as you pointed out, calculators probably is the one outlier where it just tends to have a good back to school strength in the second quarter and we do expect that as well this second quarter. 
Kevin March: Blayne, last quarter when we discussed the restructuring efforts that we were taking, we included the discussion of embedded processing in Japan. So Japan is clearly one that is underway. It will be complete for the most part by the end of the second quarter or at the end of second quarter. And that was really to resize our presence in Japan principally from a support standpoint to be more commensurate with the size of the market opportunity there. As it relates to embedded processing, we did discuss that we were in some cases reducing investments or discontinuing on some areas that were no longer showing growth opportunities and other cases reallocating. And that affected our processor side as well as our microcontroller side to a lesser degree in Embedded Processing. Beyond those, there’s no other actions that we’ve taken or intend to take that we’d discuss right now. 
Kevin March: Not much different than what you’re saying. I would looking over the numbers here go back to your point. We did have 13% year over year growth in the first quarter when you combine Analog and Embedded processing. That’s up just a bit from last quarter when it was 12% year-over-year and up a little bit from the prior quarter when it was up to 7% year-over-year. What we’re actually seeing is a slight acceleration in that to it looks like the low teens. And that’s probably consistent with what we talked about at the last earnings release. We said that we felt 2014 was shaping up to be a better year than 2013. And I think this is just reinforcing that.  And the big difference that we see is that in 2014 it appears in the U.S economy is attempting to grow at a faster pace than it has in the last few years. In 2014 for the first time in a number of years, you’re seeing Europe beginning to grow rather than shrink. You continue to see growth broadly across Asia, albeit at a slightly lower rate, still growing quite strongly. I think what we’re really seeing here is the result of an improving, broader economy and our efforts of trying to gain market share inside those spaces combined our results and the nice growth for TI. And as Ron said for the second half, we’ll give you that forecast, at least the first part of that forecast in about 90 days. 
Kevin March: Yeah. Vivek, I would suggest you think about it the way we do and the way most of our investors that we speak with seem to think about it, and that is not what is the underutilization capacity of the current period gross profit margin or next period gross profit margin, but what’s the total free cash flow that we can generate with that available capacity and what’s the cheapest way to bring that capacity in house so that we can maximize cash flow going forward? And that’s exactly how we think about it. So frankly we do no focus on trying to figure out how to get the utilization charge down to zero. In fact by definition, with our stated strategy of buying capacity opportunistically when we don’t need it, when prices are relatively low, that by definition means that we will always have open capacity and therefore we’ll always be underutilized in a classic sense.  But from a cash flow standpoint, when we do the math and the trade off on that and the last few years are certainly proving that out, we generate a heck of a lot more cash flow with that kind of behavior than we would if we focused purely on maximizing utilization which puts us at the risk of buying capacity at two expensive of a price. So that’s the way we look at it. And I’d offer that you maybe think about it on the longer term view like that as opposed to trying to model in near term GPM percent swings and utilization swings. 
Kevin March: Stacey I would say that a lot of numbers are plausible. We don’t really spend time thinking or looking at it in that context. We spend again more time thinking in context of are we taking steps that are going to maximize our free cash flow on a continuous basis. And in doing that then GPM just tends to fall out. So from that standpoint there’s nothing structural that stops us from getting higher GPMs as we move forward. In fact if we continue to be successful as we have been in increasing our analog and embedded processing mix, at the same time of keeping very low cost manufacturing underneath that mix, then clearly our margins not only are benefiting as you are computing now, but will continue to benefit as we look into the future. 
Kevin March: Eric, I think the way to think about the Embedded Processing is that again we’ve been seeing some nice growth in that business. I think if I recall six quarters of year over year growth going on in that business. So we’re beginning to see the payoff of prior investments resulting in real revenue growth. That growth is in the right areas. It’s where we can -- we’ve got sustainable product revenue streams and very attractive margins. Consequently we’re seeing profit margins beginning to improve rather nicely and that’s even before we see the benefit of the restructuring actions that we talked about for Embedded Processing.  That’s not to say that we’re done. There’s still quite a bit more work to be done, but most importantly with that business is focusing on is growing into its inherent cost base. And so more growth is what’s going to be really important there. And clearly at its current operating profit levels, it’s not anywhere near where we think it can take us to. I won’t go beyond that on forecasting what margins might be, but I think you know from how we operate the business here we’re focused on free cash flow, which means you’ve got to have some right margins in there. And this business still has quite a bit of work to do to get to where we expect entitlement is. 
Kevin March: Eric, we did announce that with the 4Q earnings released that we had just acquired an assembly tests site in Chengdu, China. We’ll be spending money on that in 2014 bringing that building up to our standards and bringing the production line up and ready for output in the second half or late this year. So the majority of our CapEx will tend to go toward our assembly and test operations given that we already have significant capacity in our wafer fab operations.
