Kevin P. March: Yes, Glen, you're probably doing that right in the direction -- directionally, it's correct that you should be seeing gross margins going up. And by the way, you got your 1Q computation correct when you adjust for the insurance. So about 48% without the insurance. And so generally speaking, we expect that to increase as we move into second quarter. As I talked about, starting up the factories a little bit more, higher utilization, benefits should come early in the second quarter. I'm not sure what share count you're using but I'd say you're directionally moving in the right direction.
Kevin P. March: Yes, I'd say you're a little bit like. As I said, Glenn, you're directionally moving in the right direction. Again, I don't know how you built up your model but I would see our gross margins being a little bit higher than what you have built in your model so far.
Kevin P. March: Jim, I would say that the short answer is we'll continue to do what we have been doing. It was a tough downturn, that was also complicated by the fact that we were, frankly, executing on the largest acquisition that we've tried to take over in the past. And so that's behind us now, we're moving forward. We use the same model and approach that we have to forecast our outlook.
Kevin P. March: Stacy, I'll take part of that and let Ron help out on some of it, too. If you look back as recently as the last quarter and do your math, you'd see that in fact, the Core Wireless actually did make a profit. So its ability to generate a profit is certainly already proven by the historical results as evidenced by the fourth quarter.
Kevin P. March: I think even if you extract that, you'd come to the same conclusion that Core Wireless made a profit fourth quarter. As far as the margins are concerned, we've talked about in the past that the margins in that non-baseband portion, certainly not as rich as what you would see over in analog or even in better processing space, but still quite attractive. The real focus in that area at this point is that clearly, we're spending enough to be able to develop the products that we need. What that team is heavily focused on now is driving the revenue growth and taking it beyond just as single source, Ron, mentioned in his opening remarks, where the diversity of our customers is such that we would expect less impact to the company on single markets or single large customers, and wireless following through on a similar strategy, where they are trying to deliver the technology from their non-baseband products into adjacent markets that can give us more diversity, both of markets and customers. And those will include spaces such as automotive and certain other applications that they've gained some interest and traction on here recently. So the focus there is really now on driving the top line. There's certainly enough spending already in place to be able to meet the R&D requirements.
Kevin P. March: I would just add to Ron's comments there, that this isn't something that the wireless team had just started that is going to be adjacent markets. Greg has already talked about, he talked about it recently in Barcelona that his team has been looking at these adjacent markets for some time now and have over 100 customer engagements already. So that's already began to gain traction, but as Ron says, we expect that each of those markets is such, it will take a while to see the revenue build. But from a cost standpoint, I think that Greg will tell you he's investing adequately now to meet that growth.
Kevin P. March: John, that's -- the Spansion capacity, the capacity that was being used for Spansion, currently is underutilized, now that we've wound that up. And so that is clearly -- that's allocated into the analog segment and clearly is a drag. But in addition, flat revenues in analog, like some of the other businesses also had seasonally higher paying benefit increases that began in February. So you had the GPM drag that I just mentioned as a result of the utilization, but you also have higher OpEx. So as that revenue builds there, I think it will be able to absorb that just fine over the next couple of quarters, John.
Kevin P. March: Romit, I think that that's more -- remember, inventory days are a backward-looking metric and so coming off of a sharp quarter revenue decline and then following that with a pretty sharp expected quarter revenue increase, you've got to state your inventory before you get to that quarter and not after. And so you wind up with, frankly, an anomaly like you're describing, where the days of inventory compute higher than what you'd normally expect to see. But when we look at the mix of inventory, we are extremely comfortable with it and it's lined up quite well with generally the demand that we see. I recall that we talked about our book to bill went positive in the fourth quarter, our orders increased by 13%. That gave us better visibility into actual end demand than we've had in several quarters now, and that gave us the ability to build and stage inventory in anticipation of when that demand needs to be delivered. So I would say that the inventory is positioned quite nicely for what we're trying to do for the second quarter.
Kevin P. March: Romit, we'll give you guidance on the top line and the bottom line and in between, we'll leave it to you to develop your models. I would say, again, you're directionally correct, we do expect it to be moving up over the first quarter. And certainly in the direction and the magnitude of not more than what you've been describing so far.
Kevin P. March: Chris, I'll start with the lead time question. Right now, again, one of the things that we have as a takeaway on the last inventory correction cycle was the fact that we probably entered that growth period with less inventory than what was necessary to meet, that would turn out to be quite as strong pullback or snapback in customer demand. So we're coming into this quarter certainly with more inventory availability than we had a couple of years ago, when the last upturn occurred. So with that in mind, we have most of our lead times are quite normal at 8 weeks or less and we have higher levels of inventory than we did during the last industry cycle upturn. Plus, we have considerably more capacity than we had last time. Those combined, lead us to feel that we are going to be well-positioned to be able to meet customer demand even on pretty strong growth basis. As far as wafer foundry availability is concerned, again, a declining portion of our revenue is actually sourced from foundries, especially as you consider the baseband is winding down quite a bit, because that was largely sourced from foundries. But non-baseband portion of wireless also sources lots of foundries. But clearly, with the volumes that they're at right now, we are not experiencing any availability issues.
Kevin P. March: Okay, I can make some comments. I made probably the most substantial comments already just in terms of our view of what was helping. But clearly, automotive is an area of strength. It's one of the few areas where year-on-year, as I noted, we had growth and that probably partly had to do with some of the automotive industries overall. Globally, we're impacted by supply-chain issues early last year from the Japan quake and tsunami. And so there's a very good recovery. Maybe even some pent-up consumer demand on top of a trend for increasing electronics content and semiconductor growth. Wireless infrastructure, our view is the excess inventory that had tended to build in that channel has essentially been eliminated. We're seeing stronger demand now and we expect that we'll continue to grow from here. Again, we ended up better than fourth quarter but well below both the year ago, as well as even the third quarter revenue levels. In that market, you've heard us talk about before, as consumers with their smartphones and tablets, demand more mobile data. There are just some really positive trends that are taking place there in terms of carriers need to deploy more capacity. And even the type of capacity they're deploying, historically it's been macro cells with -- in both mostly, WCDMA but even to some degree, some LTE. Going forward, you will see more and more of that shift to a small cell type of structure, where our percent of that content, just small cell almost by its very definition, is going to require System-on-a-Chip implementation and we have a great position both in terms of the scalability from what we've done with the same equipment manufacturers from the macro cell and then trying to scale down into the small cell but also just even expanding our position from there. So just a really strong trend, secular trend, overall in wireless infrastructure that we think will play to our advantage, literally, in the years ahead. Handsets, less and less of a direct tie there for TI in terms of the size of that business. But absolutely, we think smartphone market 2012 is healthy. Growth probably in the 25% range for smartphones this year compared with last year. Just some good healthy trends there. Industrial, I think from an end-demand standpoint, probably not a lot of change. But again, I think what we're encouraged about is whereas in that upturn in 2009, we had a lot of the verticals that were lifting in the second quarter, but literally, it wasn't until fourth quarter, if I remember right, before we started seeing industrial really start to recover. We're already seeing industrial markets recover. So again, a lot of it may not be end demand driven, it may just be the fact that they are no longer reducing their semiconductor inventory that's creating the lift on TI. But again, it's healthy for us. Consumer, I think I noted that we had seasonal weakness there and that was in several different consumer areas. I think we had to get out of the first quarter and into what would be a seasonally stronger quarters ahead to really know what's going on in that space. And then probably the last one I would comment on is on computing. We noted earlier that HDD was in recovery mode. We see that continuing into second quarter '12, such that whatever bottleneck HDD has played in terms of the supply side of the PC market, we think, will essentially be lifted. And then, at that point, we'll understand better what PC end demand really looks like.
Kevin P. March: Vivek, I'll mention what I did a few minutes ago to everybody else. But directionally, we would expect our gross margins to be up. I would suggest that maybe when you folks put the models together, maybe they're not quite estimating some lines correctly when they look into the future. One of the things I would point out is that our OpEx will probably be up another 1 or 2 points in the second quarter. And that's just simple math rolling out. In other words, our benefits increase occurred in February of the first quarter. And so the second quarter we'll see a full quarter's effect of that, and that may be where people are having a little trouble on their gross margin analysis. To as far as our overall gross margin model, I would just perhaps remind you that our focus is on revenue growth, and frankly, it's on revenue growth to grow faster than markets and earnings to grow faster than revenues so we can continue to make healthy cash returns to our shareholders as we have been in the form of dividends and buybacks over the last few years. We're not projecting actual margins greater than 55 and 30 and we're also not concluding this from happening as margins are going to be dependent upon product mix and utilization as you pointed out. I think as you heard from Ron, 78% of our revenue now is from our core products and clearly, analog is now more than 1/2 of our revenue, and that's very encouraging from a product mix standpoint. So I think as we watch that mix continue to shift, we're going to like the results, not just on gross margins and operating margin but importantly, on bottom line cash and what we can do with that for shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks.
Kevin P. March: Uche, I think you're asking about restocking rate. You were breaking up a bit on your question there, but I'm going to assume that's what it was. So let me take it from there. As Ron mentioned, what we believe we're seeing is not so much the customers are restocking per se, as that they've stopped reducing their inventories. And so even if they just hold their inventories at lower levels, that's going to result in higher orders for us because they've depleted the pipeline in their prior shipments. From an overall standpoint, we do expect to grow in 2012, which means that we're anticipating the economy is going to do okay to support that. And that's a reference to the global economy. There will probably be some stronger pockets than others. One could reasonably expect the Americas were probably stronger than Europe. One could also look at Asia, China in particular, and say that it may -- they may have purportedly slower growth rate than recent, but it's still growing at an extremely fast rate compared to the Western economies. And that rates against a very large economy itself. It's already the second largest economy in the world. So when we put it all together, I'd say right now, we're not seeing or we can't necessarily prove a point to any evidence of customers restocking. What it appears to us is more like at this stage, customers have stopped draining and are now at least holding their inventories and we'll have to make a few weeks or a few months, perhaps, to report to see if we actually see evidence of restocking.
Kevin P. March: Ross, it may take the 2 of us to try to give an answer for you on that, but the 50% to 55% you're referring to is in fact the utilization rate we discussed last quarter. I don't think we gave -- excuse me, fourth quarter. We haven't discussed what this quarter is just yet other than to say that we have increased our starts in the factories and it takes a while for those starts to become outs. And so our average utilization is about even. But the starts-based utilization actually increased in the quarter. It is worth noting, as you pointed out, the incremental capacity we put in place. Clearly, over the last couple of years, between the factories we acquired and the acquisition of National Semiconductor, we have added $7 billion worth of incremental revenue generating capacity. And so all things being equal, by definition, we've got a lower utilization than we would be at the same revenue levels in the past. And that alone, of course, will cause a larger utilization charge as I think is what you were alluding to. But we clearly have room to increase our revenues substantially with that capacity we've brought on board. And I think the simplest way to think about it is, all-in, it's about $7 billion of incremental revenue generating capacity. From there, I'll leave it to you to kind of model where you think that takes us but frankly, I'm pretty optimistic that's going to not only be attractive from letting us grow revenue rapidly as the markets come back but also do so at very attractive margins given the cost of that capacity when we acquired it.
Kevin P. March: Mark, the CapEx came in not far off from what we're expecting for 1Q. In fact, you'll see us on the spending, actually spend it closer to when we actually bring the equipment in, with the front end of wafer fab capacity required over the last couple of years, a larger portion of our CapEx is aimed at the assembly test sites. And generally speaking, the lead times on that type of equipment is shorter, and so we can order it and install it closer to when we actually have the revenue need for it. So as a result of that, we still are holding to our prior estimate of a $700 million CapEx for the year. I would just remind you, if you take a look at our actual CapEx spend over the last 12 months, it's been a little over 5% of our total revenue and that's translated into a little less than 7% depreciation total revenue over the last 12 months. So clearly, the spend that we did the last few years bringing on the wafer fabs that we did has been at very little cost to us from a fixed standpoint and is allowing us to actually operate at much lower CapEx levels than we had in the past. We've previously indicated that we would be a 5% to 8% of revenue kind of CapEx model given the wafer fabs that we bought over the last couple of years. Over the next foreseeable future, we'd probably run up the lower end of that range, closer to 5% than 8%.
Kevin P. March: Mark, I won't go so far as to quantify but I will remind you, we reported when we came out of fourth quarter, the Spansion revenues ran about $34 million a quarter. And frankly, we weren't -- I would graciously say we weren't making a whole lot of profit on that. So as a result, once that revenue went away, the capacity was left behind and was converted and now available for analog. So that cost is all going into the analog P&L now. That occurred with the first quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen -- or I'm sorry, Jim, I don't know that I would say there's any direct tie to the baseband. I guess I could say there's an indirect tie in that we sell connectivity products to some of the same customers where we sell baseband, to the extent that those customers' business is not particularly strong as you see both on the baseband line, as well as would show up on some of the connectivity demand products -- demand for some of our connectivity products also. But then, we also have, separately, customers that use connectivity products that do not use our baseband products. And in some of those cases, we've also seen declines as well, totally independent in that case of the baseband.
Ron Slaymaker: So Stacy, just to add, so fourth quarter was about $150 million higher revenue in those core areas. So you asked what level of revenue does it take. That's the recent data point as Kevin said, those core products were profitable at the operating margin level last quarter. So we're nipping on profitability, we just need revenue that will be sustained. And certainly, what we're doing in these embedded areas, by no means do we consider that capitulation, but actually a means by which we can further enhance revenue on what should be a -- basically leverage the investment we've already made for smartphones and tablets and be able to go reach into some of these other market segments as well.
Ron Slaymaker: Boy, there were a bunch of questions there, Stacy. I think the core question was how long does it take to drive meaningful revenue in these other areas. And I guess what I would say is, it will take a while. This is not something that, in some of these other areas, where the product lives can be very long. The design in aspect of them tends to be a little longer than some of the high-volume verticals is as well. So we don't expect -- this is not a strategy to go address things over the next 1 to 2 quarters. This is something that we build on what we have today. And over time, we will increase the diversity, and therefore, the stability of that revenue mix. I don't think -- Kevin, you can comment, but I think we believe the investment level that we have today will take us into these new spaces. This is not a big incremental investment to be able to go drive these products into new areas. I mean, think about the biggest infrastructure investment is the sales force, which is already in place today. And by the way, that's the biggest competitive advantage we likely have as well. I mean, clearly, we have to have the right products. Once you have the right products, you have to be able to have the right reach into the customer base and that's the sales force that's in place today. But it's not a big incremental R&D spend to go somehow develop new products or different products for these other adjacent markets.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so in the current quarter, a little over 45% of our business went through distribution. And as you noted, John, bringing on board National, where 70%, I believe, of their revenue moved to distribution. Very similar to our catalog analog areas, such as HPA and to a large part, the Power, and a lot of the catalog Embedded Processing businesses. So much of that goes through distribution -- I'm sorry, over 45%. Of that 45%, about 1/3 of that revenue is supported by consignment programs. So I mean 1/3 of the distribution revenue is supported by consignment. I should note, at this point, none of the SVA business through distribution is on confinement because we needed to get IP systems in place to be able to support that. However, that is in fact something that we will do and that we're working toward to put in place. And again, for the broader audience, when you have a distribution program on consignment, our revenue recognition approach sell-in tends to look more like sell-out because it moves the revenue recognition closer to where the distributors pull the product from the hub and actually ship it to their customers. And then if you look more broadly, about 40% of TI's total revenue, and this includes distribution as well as our direct OEM customers, are on consignment. So I hope I got all the pieces you'd asked there, John.
Ron Slaymaker: And, Romit, I would also say that loadings in the second quarter, yes, inventory is one variable that plays into that but probably more importantly will be our outlook for third quarter at that point. And the other thing I would say is just even over the weekend, reviewing some other transcripts of conference calls that have taken place, I mean you're already hearing at this very early stage in the upturn, where certain players are finding their own inventory too short or out of mix and having difficulty meeting up with or fully meeting customer demand. We are delighted with our inventory position at this stage in the upturn. So we think it's going to be great. Of course, it will play out as the market grows here over the next few quarters.
Ron Slaymaker: And Chris, the other thing I would just say is and I think we've had discussions with -- about this in the past. I mean, even if you look at recent [indiscernible] boards, et cetera, total industry utilization is actually at a pretty high level. And you've seen a lot of semiconductor companies over the past few years not need to, and therefore, they did not invest in new capacity. So whether it's the foundries or whether it's the IDM's own capacity, our suspicion is that if we get into much of an uplift at all in terms of demand, we very likely, as an industry, will see shortages and lead times accordingly stretch out. So, at the same time, like Kevin said and what I said before, having a very good inventory position coming into this upturn, plus having a lot of open capacity, we think, is going to serve us very well.
Ron Slaymaker: I think you could see a little bit the all of the above, with the exception of, I don't know that, CJ, I would -- I don't believe we are seeing any real substantial inventory replenishment at all. I think what we may be seeing is lack of inventory reduction. And that, in and of itself, will start to create a lift in demand for us. So again, where ever since, I would say, third quarter of last year through probably first quarter of this year, where we had been undershipping our customers, now that they have their inventory position where they need it, they will start ordering again consistent with their own production rates or their end demand, and that will create a pretty significant lift for us based on our views of how far below that end demand we have been shipping. So, of course, that's going to be broader than just Texas Instruments. But I think we've been busy through the course of the last few quarters, and especially with the National product line, very aggressively working design in position, such that when the market began to lift again, we would disproportionately benefit. And then I think you've also heard us talk about that on the capacity side, we think we will be competitively advantaged, as well as when these markets go back into growth mode.
Ron Slaymaker: CJ, just from what I've heard anecdotally through the investor world, it seems like there's some of that starting to rear its head, I have not heard that through our businesses or the customers yet as a specific concern that they have. So it could be there and we just haven't heard it. But we have not had it coming back to us through customers and our business groups yet.
Ron Slaymaker: Vivek, I guess, this is one where I would just kind of have to -- we will able to give you some progress report as we proceed where we have particular customer successes in moving into some of these adjacent areas that we talked about. One I can just throw out because I'm thinking about it, a release that happened, I want to say, about a month ago, with iRobot, using OMAP for robotic imaging applications. And that's just an example, but in some cases, customers are amenable to having their names discussed. In other cases, they want to -- they'd rather be a little more discreet until they get their products in the market. I think also, we've announced customers in the automotive infotainment space using, again, OMAP. But, Vivek, I would also say this a case where I think our management team has a pretty strong track record of if a business or an operation, the outlook is not what we think it needs to be, you've seen us not be shy about adjusting our strategy accordingly. And so, this is one way, hopefully, we can get some credit just based on a very long solid track record of making those appropriate strategic moves and it will be management driving that change from inside of the company as opposed to, frankly, convincing Wall Street and getting Wall Street to nod or shake its head on where we're headed. So again, give us a little bit of patience here and we'll try to give you some status reports as we're moving along to help you continue to feel good about where we're going with it.
Ron Slaymaker: I think it's -- I don't know additive versus cannibalization. I mean, think what you're going to see is that it's kind of the next wave of technology, I might say, in terms of base stations and we will see a significant part of this spend move to small cell, we believe, as the carriers are doing their best to keep up with just the consumers' data capacity needs. And small cell is one of the most cost-effective means that they can do that because basically, they can deploy these cells with minimal installation costs and even considerations like their electricity usage are much more straightforward than continued deployment of macro level base stations. So I think we're going to see both but we think over time, and this is looking forward, Uche, more so than anything that happened in the first quarter, over time, we're going to see it represent a much more significant piece of the dollar content. In terms of position, a lot of people -- I mean, obviously it's an attractive market, everybody wants to claim success. I guess all I would say is we have a very strong position in macro and we expect that our position in small cell will meet or exceed what we have in terms of macro. So just in terms of where there were known programs that were put out for bid, I shouldn't say that way. Of the total available programs, various carriers, et cetera, not all of which are determined at this point, we've already had design positions in more than, what I would call, half of the small cell opportunity. And those are a number of programs, the market share position actually is higher than that because some of these players are more important than others. So again, we're off to a great start. This is a system-on-a-chip technology, it's going to -- you may see the very first generation be somewhat, what I would call, not integrated. But this is about cost power, a lot of things that because of the form factor, will very, very quickly drive full-up system-on-a-chip implementations. And we're going to be very well-positioned there. So I'll just say we've got great design position, our content, these systems, is going to be very high and we think the market outlook there is really good and it's just going to be one where, again, kind of like what we were saying in previous Q&A, the results will show when the results show. We've got great position but to the extent others claim they have a really great position and create confusion there, we may just have to wait until that translates to revenue and profit growth for TI.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, Ross, the only other thing I would caution against is that was a relatively easy compare against fourth quarter. Because remember in fourth quarter, we had some distribution channel changes where we discontinued one of their major distributors. We added TI distributors. So I would say first quarter, the compare is relatively easy against fourth quarter. So I don't know that I want to draw a lot of real strong conclusions about this market or that market as opposed to just saying at this point, we would say it was an easy compare and put the challenge in front of that team to let's see if they can do it again. And after that, we'll probably challenge them again.
Ron Slaymaker: Whereas previously, when it was there supporting Spansion, it was in our Other segment, Mark. Okay, Mark, thanks for your questions and with this, we'll close up. Thank you for joining us. We hope to see many of you next week in New York. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
