Dave Pahl: Welcome to the Texas Instruments Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Dave Pahl, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial Officer Rafael Lizardi. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. In addition, today's call is being recorded and will be available via replay on our website. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings, for a more complete description. I'd like to provide some information that's important for your calendars. Next week, on Thursday, February 1, at 10 a.m. Central Time, we'll have our Capital Management Call. Similar to what we've done in the past, Rafael and I will summarize our progress and provide some insight into our business and our approach to capital allocation as we prepare for the opportunity ahead. Moving on, today we'll provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next I'll provide insight into fourth quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing with respect to our end markets. I'll then provide an annual summary of revenue breakout by end market. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results and our guidance for the first quarter of 2024. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter. Revenue is $4.1 billion, a decrease of 10% sequentially and 13% from the same quarter a year ago. Analog revenue declined 12% year-over-year and embedded processing declined 10%. Our other segment declined 25% from the year-go-quarter. Now I'll provide some insight into our fourth quarter revenue by end market. Our results reflect increasing weakness in industrial and a sequential decline in automotive as customers work to reduce their inventory levels. Similar to last quarter, I'll focus on sequential performance as it's more informative at this time. First, the industrial market was down mid-teens as we saw that increasing weakness. The automotive market was down mid-single-digits after 3.5 years of very strong growth. Personal electronics was about flat. And next, communications equipment was down low-single-digits. And lastly, enterprise systems grew low single digits. In addition, as we do at the end of each calendar year, I'll describe our revenue by end market. As a percentage of revenue for 2023, industrial was 40%; automotive was 34%; personal electronics 15%; communications equipment 5%; enterprise systems 4%; and other was 2%. In 2023, industrial and automotive combined made up 74% of TI's revenue, up about 9 percentage points from 2022, and up from 42% in 2013. We see good opportunities in all of our markets, but we place additional strategic emphasis on industrial and automotive. Our industrial and automotive customers are increasingly turning to analog and embedded technologies to make their end products more reliable, more affordable, and lower in power. These trends have resulted and will continue to result in growing chip content per application, which will drive faster growth, compared to our other markets. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Toshiya and I'll remind everyone else, I know you know the industry well, but you know pricing just doesn't move quickly in our markets overall and nor is it the primary reason why a customer chooses our products. So and as we've mentioned before our pricing strategy hasn't changed and of course, we're always regularly monitoring the market and pricing our products appropriately. And as we've talked about now for I think a couple of quarters, as we expected supply and demand to come more in balance, that we would expect pricing to revert back to how it's behaved over the last 10 or 20 years. And over the last six months or so, that's what we've seen. So somewhat of a low-single-digit decline is what we're expecting out in time and wouldn't describe that as unusual. Thanks for the question.
Dave Pahl: Yes, so I'll start and Rafael if you want to add anything. I would say that the demand signals that we get from customers are orders that they place, whether that's either directly or through consignment feeds. So that's the data that we can see. We actually can't see their inventory levels. We can anecdotally, as we see a market like personal electronics is down 30%, 40%. We know handsets and PCs, that market hasn't gone down as much as that. So we know anecdotally that we're shipping below demand. So we believe that, that's what's going on in industrial. We have customers who have told us that they have built inventory and plan to correct that. So having a real clear picture of what their demand looks like and their channel inventories look like isn't something that we can see directly overall. So and the comment on automotive, we know that customers there did want to build inventory. And we believe that they're in a good position now, so it wasn't surprising that we saw a sequential decline there. So thanks Chris, we’ll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Ross, you know, I think I'll make a comment and Rafael if you want to add anything. You know, what all cycles are the same and they're all different right as we've all studied them over time. What's clearly different this time is how the markets have behaved in the bifurcation. We saw personal electronics begin to weaken second quarter a year ago and automotive you know just we saw the sequential decline this last quarter. So in the other markets somewhere in between. So and then in addition I think that, you know, we've had lots of other noise that's inside of the system, whether that's been pricing, as you mentioned. We've had non-cancellable, non-rescheduled orders and other longer-term contracts that have required customers to take product that they don't need, whether companies are using distributors more heavily than others. So all of that adds noise into it. So I think we just need to let that noise wring itself out over the cycle. And what we're focused on, of course, is investing in our competitive advantages, getting stronger. We believe that we're in a great position to continue to gain share over the long-term.
Dave Pahl: Yes Harlan, you know, as you would expect we have seen cancellations in the quarter and fourth quarter had remained elevated. I wouldn't describe them as increasing, but just at higher levels. You know, and we're still early inside of the quarter. I would say all of, you know, what's going on with cancellations and the backlog that we see is all comprehended in our guidance and in our outlook.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I would say when you look regionally this quarter from a -- just from a dollar standpoint you've got sequentially all the regions were down with the exception of the rest of Asia. So nothing unusual with China going on specifically there overall. So again, when we look at our business, I think most of that is explained by the end markets and certainly, we hadn't seen a recovery inside of China that I think most of us were expecting.
Dave Pahl: Yes, thank you, Rafael. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to sharing our capital management update next Thursday, February 1 at 10 a.m. Central Time, as I mentioned earlier. And a replay of this call will be available shortly on our website. Good evening.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As Dave mentioned fourth quarter revenue was $4.1 billion. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.4 billion or 60% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue, higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansions, and reduced factory loadings. Gross profit margin decreased 650 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $898 million, up 4% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis operating expenses were $3.7 billion or 21% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.5 billion in the quarter or 38% of revenue. Operating profit was down 30% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $1.4 billion or $1.49 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.03 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $1.1 billion in the quarter. In the quarter, we paid $1.2 billion in dividends and repurchased $65 million of our stock. We also increased our dividend per share by 5% in the fourth quarter, marking our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. In total, we have returned $4.9 billion in the past 12-months to owners. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.6 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4 billion, up $91 million from the prior quarter and days were 219, up 14 days sequentially. Now let's look at some of these results for the year. In 2023 cash flow from operations was $6.4 billion. Capital expenditures were $5.1 billion. Free cash flow for 2023 was $1.3 billion or 8% of revenue. Our free cash flow reflects the strength of our business model, as well as our decisions to invest in 300 millimeter manufacturing assets and Inventory to support our overall objective to maximize long-term free cash flow per share, which we believe is the primary driver of long-term value. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.75 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.96 to $1.16. We now expect our 2024 effective tax rate to be about 13%. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash per share growth over the long-term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: No, we're not. In fact, CapEx came in as expected $5.1 billion, and we've been talking about $5 billion per year. So it was right on target. And you should expect, and we expect, to continue running at about $5 billion per year through 2026 as we complete the investment plans that we've been talking about.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, no, thanks, Chris. So broadly speaking, our inventory targets have not changed over the last six, nine months through this cycle. So we still have some ways to go, clearly less than we did six months ago. But we still have some ways to go on that front. At one point, I talked about $4 billion to $4.5 billion worth of inventory. So that's in the ballpark, and we just finished just shy of $4 billion. But as far as when, underutilization bottoms, that's going to depend on revenue expectations. And at this point, we're only, as always, we only give one quarter at a time. So we'll see where we are 90-days from now and we'll tell you about that.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start with the second part of the question. And Dave, you want to take the first one? No, the second part, that's just a reflection of our ability to build those inventory buffers that we were talking about. And what you're seeing there is on the finished goods side. That's one, Dave alluded to earlier, that's one set of targets that we have. That's at the finished goods level. Remember, we have 100,000 different parts, and the vast majority of those are what we call catalog, which means they sell to many, many customers. So we want to build a certain finished good level for each one of those parts. But we're also building at the chip level. Think of you know a chip can go into two, three, 10 different finished goods so it works out well to have some chip level inventory operationally, but you also have want to have finished goods. So that's what you saw there.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I just want to clarify for those who maybe new on the call, when Dave talked about non-cancellable, non-returnable, or that's not, we don't do that. Many of our competitors have done that. So that, in our view, distorts the market. That wasn't the case with us. And the second point, distributors, same thing. Our distributor footprint is much smaller than with many of our competitors. We're down to 25% or so for our revenue through distribution, so 75% direct, whereas many of our competitors are the opposite, so…
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'm happy to talk about that. So first, let me address the ITC first and then I'll go to the grant. So the ITC investment tax credit 25% credit on CapEx or manufacturing in the United States. We have accrued to-date over the last year and a half or so $1.4 billion. We expect to get about $500 million of that later this year, probably in fourth quarter as far as the current law and regulations stipulate. And we'll get the rest further down the road, mostly the following year and then after that. And we'll continue to accrue that benefit, just again, 25% on anything we spend in the United States for manufacturing. That's the cash side and the balance sheet. On the P&L, we're already seeing the benefit as lower depreciation. That benefit tends to be small, has been small so far because for example, some of that is for buildings that haven't even started to depreciate, but it will build up over time on that front. So that's the ITC. The grants, we submitted our application for those in December. And at this point, we will wait to hear from the Department of Commerce and see what happens there.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, first, I would point you to our operating cash. Our business model is very strong and our operating cash flow is very strong and it supports our investment for growth through the cycle. So clearly with the levels of CapEx that we have right now, that hits the free cash flow. But big picture understand and look at the operating cash, even in a depressed environment with the revenue, depressed operating cash flow is very strong. We also have very strong balance sheet. And we just finished the year at $8.6 billion. You know, when it comes to repurchases, I would take you to our objectives on capital management for cash return, and our objective is to return all free cash flow via dividends and repurchases. Each one of those has different objectives on dividends and repurchases, but we have a really good track record over many years of doing both of those.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, you know, big picture. We have a disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D and SG&A to the best opportunities. And we've held a steady hand throughout a number of years, pre-pandemic, during the pandemic, post-pandemic, where we managed OpEx very well during that time and didn't get ahead of our skis. So we will continue with that discipline process. Remember, of course, these investments, particularly industrial automotive, which is what we're biased in, are investments. They're very long-term in nature. You're not going to -- what you save now is going to would hurt your long-term revenue growth so we're not going to do that so we're going to maintain those investments for the long-term.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, so the math is still the same. The fault-through issue used is 70% to 75% that is still a reasonable starting point. You then have to adjust for depreciation, as you alluded to, and our depreciation, I gave you an update on that 90-days ago, but I'll reinforce that in a second, but you have to adjust for that. And then there are always put some takes on any given quarter, like right now it's underutilization, but at some point that goes the other way. Throughout this time, as you pointed out, we will continue to benefit increasingly from 300 millimeter, more 300 millimeter wafers, which have a cost advantage. So, let me go back to the appreciation just to make sure everybody has the right number. It's the same as what I said 90 days ago. For 2024, expect $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion and for 2025, expect $2 billion to $2.5 billion.
Rafael Lizardi: So that's a multi-part question in many angles to that. What I would tell you, high level, we're very comfortable with our inventory level. Right now we're just shy of $4 billion as I said earlier on the call. We have continued upward bias for at least one more quarter, probably a couple quarters at least, an upward bias on that. But that is good inventory for catalog parts that sell to many customers that last a long time. So I feel really good about that. But we'll see how things play out on the other side of the cycle and depending on demand and different things. But I would expect to continue holding relatively high levels of inventory. We just in a different position than we were even three or four years ago in terms of how much of our revenue and our parts are in industrial automotive, in catalog type of parts that last a long time. So our strategy is such that it makes sense to have that inventory. Our order fulfillment processes have also improved. We have ti.com and different tools that we can leverage to go direct to market. We have a much higher percent of our revenue now 35% is direct. So all those factors play into having more inventory as a real leverage point that we can use to serve our customers even better.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, no, unfortunately, no, there's nothing we can share. It's really up to the Department of Commerce, we sent our application and we'll see where that goes. What I would say, just like I said before, is when we decided about a year ago to take our CapEx up from $3.5 billion per year to $5 billion per year, and this tremendous plan to build more fabs in the United States, we comprehended Chips grant in that decision. So that was part of our thinking there. But at this point, yes, that's all we can share on that front.
