Dave Pahl: Good afternoon and thank you for joining our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web.This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description.Given the likelihood of a significant economic recession due to COVID-19, we are changing the format for this quarter's earnings call. In addition to Rafael Lizardi, our CFO, we will be joined by Rich Templeton, our Chairman and CEO. Rich will be covering a broader frame of how we are approaching the current environment. I will then provide a summary of first quarter and Rafael wrap up with the financial details of first quarter and our outlook for second quarter. Our prepared remarks will be longer than usual as we hope to cover a range of anticipated questions.Let me turn it over to Rich.
Dave Pahl: Thanks Rich. I will provide some standard comments of first quarter revenue by end market and then I will add some additional insight about the quarter in light of COVID-19.First, for highlights on first quarter revenue by end market versus a year ago. Industrial increased mid single digit from a year ago quarter and it improved compared to fourth quarter. Automotive declined mid single digits and decelerated in the quarter as our customers' factory shutdowns impacted demand. Personal electronics declined mid single digits, but by sector was a mixed bag. Mobile phones declined low double digits, while by contrast PCs increased low double digits. Communications equipment declined about 50% as expected due to a comparison against a very strong first quarter 2019. Communications was up sequentially. And lastly, enterprise systems increased double digits on strong data center demand.For additional insight, the first quarter ran as expected into Chinese New Year, but was slow coming out of the holiday as Chinese factories struggled to come back due to COVID-19. In early March, we saw a pickup in orders from most markets as supply chain disruptions led to increased customer concerns about being able to secure supply.This increase in demand that we experienced in March had continued into early April with the exception of automotive as manufacturers' plant closures reduced consumption. This increase in orders has steadily abated in April but returned to levels we saw in early March. The midpoint of our range assumes that this decline continues through the quarter as customers have reduced visibility to end-demand.Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I might add too that, as you know Stacy, 65%, 70% of our revenue is on consignment. So we are not turning backlog but we see plans that are in our customer' factories. But as they have reduced visibility, all those plans are not updated. So they are being updated slowly, as they are deciding what to build in those factories. So those updated plans are rolling through and that's what's creating the uncertainty as you would imagine.Okay. Thank you Stacy. And we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I always give caution when asked about geographical revenue. Sometimes we can see distinct patterns, but where we ship our product is rarely where it's actually consumed, as you know. So we ship a product that ends up in a phone built in China, it may end up but in Europe. So if there was something distinct in our guidance that was impacted by geography, we would share that. And we don't have anything specific to share with that right now.But thank you Craig. And we will go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I would say that we have had customers actually contact us and they are rather surprised that our lead times are stable and they can get the product that they need. So they are very happy with that.So thank you, Ambrish. We will go to the next caller please.
Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave and good afternoon everyone. Revenue was $3.3 billion, down 7% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.1 billion or 63% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 20 basis points.Operating expenses in the quarter were $794 million, about even from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 23% of revenue. Over the last twelve months, we have invested $1.5 billion in R&D. Operating profit was $1.2 billion or 37% of revenue. Operating profit was down 10% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was $1.2 billion, or $1.24 per share, which included a $0.10 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we have discussed.Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $851 million in the quarter. As a reminder, first quarter is typically the seasonally low point for cash flow from operations due to payout of profit sharing and bonuses. Capital expenditures were $161 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.6 billion.In the quarter, we paid $841 million in dividends and repurchased $1.6 billion of our stock for a total return to owners of $2.5 billion. In total, we have returned $6.6 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 55% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability.Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.7 billion of cash and short term investments at the end of the first quarter. In the quarter, we issued $750 million of debt with a coupon of 1.375% due in five years. This resulted in total debt of $6.6 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.81%. Since then, we have repaid $500 million of debt due in second quarter and we have no further debt due this year. We have $550 million of debt due in 2021.Regarding inventory, TI inventory dollars were flat to fourth quarter and days were 145. Distribution-owned inventory declined again in first quarter by about $50 million, the sixth consecutive quarter of planned reductions, as we continued the transition of our channel to have fewer distributors and bring more customers direct. We had about four weeks of distribution inventory, the lowest since third quarter of 2017. Tactically and strategically, we are very pleased. We have steadily decreased total inventory dollars while increasing the percent of inventory concentrated inside TI and therefore in fewer places. This enables us to maintain short lead times and high availability, which is critically important in an environment where end demand visibility for our customers will be limited.With a recession likely upon us, as Rich mentioned earlier, we are using the 2008 financial crisis to inform our second quarter outlook. To reflect the increased uncertainty, we have also expanded the range. For the second quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $2.61 billion to $3.19 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $1.04.Regarding our operating plan for running our factories, we expect that customers in this recession, similar to past recessions, will overcorrect in the short term as their visibility of their end demand drops. We believe it will be an important advantage to maintain consistent lead times and to offer customers high levels of product availability. Our product portfolio of mostly long-lived parts affords us to have a steady hand. Therefore, we will be running our factories in second quarter at approximately the same level we ran them in first quarter of 2020. TI inventory will likely grow during the second quarter, while distributor-owned inventory will likely drain.In closing, we continue to invest in our competitive advantages in making our business stronger. History has shown us that in times like this, is when we can make the most strategic progress.With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Thanks for that question. so Vivek, just as you framed them, I am glad you framed it that way, it is a capital allocation decision. So we are allocating capital in the form of inventory. Capital is going to go into inventory instead of going to other places and the inventory will increase, we expect very likely to increase into second quarter. But that's what gives us the optionality that I mentioned, having that inventory on hand. The key thing to remember and you know it very well, the vast majority of our products are long-lived. They are highly diverse. They sell to many, many customers. They live a long time on the shelf and the customers' product lifecycle are very long. So that inventory will not go back. So it's an option. We have a fairly low-cost upfront to have that option.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I agree. The only thing I would add is that we know, is the channel is clean, the district channel, because as we said, we are four weeks, we drained about $50 million on the channel and we plan to continue draining for the next three quarters or so about another $200 million or so plain drain as we convert more and more customers to go in direct. So the channel, we know is clean and will continue to be clean. But as Dave alluded to, we really don't know the end customers when they pull, how much of that is true end demand versus stocking up for potential disruption.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So as we said in the prepared remarks, in general, OpEx will be relatively unchanged. So R&D, those are long term investment. SG&A, we also have some investment areas there with ti.com. In other places, we frankly run the company pretty tightly to begin with but wherever we can tighten them more, we do.On your specific question on variable compensation. That tends to be a profit-sharing and bonus. Profit sharing moves according to a formula, so it's very formulaic. So depending on what happens, that adjusts. And bonuses is determined by the Board depending on routing performance on one to three years on several metrics.
Rafael Lizardi: Sure. So let me first, you alluded to it but let me just remind everybody on the call, that our objective when it comes to cash return is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company. We do that through buybacks and dividends. So for example, on a trailing 12-month basis, we generated $5.6 billion of free cash and we returned $6.6 billion. So obviously all free cash flow there have been returned.And then you mentioned debt and we have debt on their balance sheet as we said on the call, $6.6 billion, we finished. On a net basis, it is $1.8 billion because we have $4.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. But we use debt to increase the rates of return with some leverage when it makes sense. So that's how we view the returns and the debt for many, many years, as we have talked about on capital management.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So I will give you my take. Frankly there is no science on that. As we talked about earlier, we are using 2008 as the model for that. Again, it doesn't imply precision, not even similarity. It's just that it's the most recent exogenous event that we can use. So we are using that. And the midpoint is the closest thing to that adjusted for seasonality. What you normally would see on our first, second quarter transition, now you are seeing a negative 13% at that midpoint. But the entire range and the other reason we widened or the reason we widened the range is to reflect the great level of uncertainty that we have going on.As Rich mentioned, many customers, right now they are still processing what's happening and we have actually heard some of them haven't been able to update their feeds to us, right. So they have got to go through all that process. And so that's embedded in that wide range. The biggest point I want to make and we made it a couple of times already is the optionality that we are going to get based on how we are running the factories, right.So this thing can go multiple ways for second quarter and third quarter and beyond. But we have just great optionality the way we are running the business, both strategically, the type of parts we build and the end product and so forth. But tactically, the way we are running the factories and inventory in second quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: You know, it's going to depend on a number of factors that today we don't know, right. And I think we and the world and the industry will learn over the coming weeks and months and then we will adjust an unnecessary. I think the advantage we have with the way we are set up strategically, with the type of parts we build and the type of customers we have and the type of end markets is that we can afford to have this optionality, right. These parts are not going to go bad. It is very different in a custom part centric world in personal electronics type of centric world. That's not the case with the way we structured in the company. So we have great optionality to go through this beyond second quarter.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So just to comment and Ambrish, as you said and Rich just confirmed that, yes, there is change in the way we think of our capital management and our long term objectives. So as I said earlier, cash return, return all free cash flow. On dividend specifically, as you alluded to, the objective is provide a sustainable and growing dividend to appeal to a broader set of owners. And as a reminder, on a trailing 12-month basis, our dividend was a 55% of our free cash flow now. Of course, as a backwards-looking metric, I understand that. But it's great place to start. Frankly, few companies are at that level in our industry and in the S&P 500. So it's a great place to start. But that objective of providing a sustainable and growing dividend, it has been and continues to be very important for us.
Rafael Lizardi: I just want to comment on a slightly different topic, but related in the spirit of preparation meeting opportunity. I just want to highlight and we talked about it during the prepared remarks, but we were prepared for the unforeseen disruptions with a combination of our inventory strategy, our business continuity program and our geographically diverse manufacturing footprint, which of course is part of our one of our competitive advantages of manufacturing and technology. So we have in all of those together, we were able and continue to be able to provide our customers with short lead times and inventory availability in this time when they need it most, not now and the coming of quarters when their visibility will be impaired.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Good question. First, let me step back and remind you that for us, the objective of inventory is to maintain high levels of customer service, minimize obsolescence while we improve manufacturing asset utilization. The target of 115 to 145, frankly is kind of incidental, right. It's just a calculation. At the end of the day, this is a capital allocation decision. We are going to -- we have $2.0 billion-some of inventory. That's real money that's on the balance sheet that if wasn't there, it would be back in the owners bucket.So we are very thoughtful in how we are going to, how we make those decisions to put potentially more inventory on that balance sheet, right. That's less cash that we have. But we just think it is going to give us great optionality throughout this thing, right. And you know, like any decision when it comes to capital management, it's going to depend, right. So that's the decision we are making now. We have to see how thing develop in the coming months and based on that, we will adjust.The important thing, the inventory lasts a long time. This is inventory that is scrap level. This inventory is very, very low. So the others, well, there's a working capital and an opportunity cost to it, but it is very low given that is highly unlikely that it is going to be scrap. And it gives us just tremendous optionality on the other side.
Rafael Lizardi: I will go ahead and add, when you and all the investors listening on the call, when you compare us to most or maybe all of our competitors, our balance sheet is very different in that regard because we have many consignment arrangement. Well, 65%, two-thirds of our revenue goes through consignment whether it's through distribution or directly with the end customer. So that puts upwards pressure on that inventory level that we have. We also have our own manufacturing too, including assembly test operation, whereas to a very high degree, about 80% of our output goes through our fabs and maybe 60% or 70% through our assembly test operation. So that's also very different than our competitors. So that's why it's not apples-to-apples when you compare our inventory levels to those of our competitors. But let me make the point out though that we think owning and controlling that inventory is a strategic asset. So we are very pleased we are having those consignment arrangement. Clearly, very pleased with owning our own manufacturing and what that has enabled us to do any time, but particularly in times of disruption like what we just experienced and continue to experience where it just really puts us in a much better position to support our customers.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Not a problem. The short answer to that is, we are not seeing anything worth mentioning on this call. Little things here and there. But nothing that we can not manage. Remember, I referred to our business continuity program and we have been -- in this call, we have been mainly about inventory, finished goods inventory that we carry. But that also applies on multiple other angles. So for example, we also carry raw material inventory buffer. We have many dual and triple and quadruple sourcing of key raw materials. And we also have as I have talked about earlier geographically diverse manufacturing footprint in Malaysia, in the Philippines, in Taiwan, in Mexico, in China. So that just really puts us in a very good position. It also gives us leverage to work with the suppliers which by the way, we pay them in 30 days. We make that as part of our thinking to be fair to those suppliers and we don't play games on that. So that's also from a long term relationship standpoint, I think we are in very good shape with all of those suppliers.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So let me just wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. History has shown us that it is times like this when we can make the most strategic progress. We will continue to invest in and strengthen our four competitive advantages which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will also continue to pursue the three ambitions rich mentioned. We will act like owners who will on the company for decades. We will adapt in a world that's ever changing. And we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and would be proud to have as a neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners will all benefit. It is these ambitions that will guide our decisions in the weeks and months ahead as we navigate these uncertain times. Our best to you and your family.
Rich Templeton: Stacy, this is Rich. Given the recollection of 2008, I would be careful of too much precision in where you are trying to draw that to. I do think that valid comparison and I think you know this very well from the history, is that 2008 was a reasonably, 2007 and first half of 2008 were reasonably hot semiconductor markets. It's not overheated, but pretty hot. And clearly 2019 and the first quarter 2020, we are cooler compared to the heat of 2017 and 2018. So when you try to get peak to trough, that's a little more complex. We just tried to basically look through what did we think demand was doing for a couple of years prior and that was what helped inform and help set where we put the operating plans.
Rich Templeton: Ross, just to help on that, I think Rafael covered this in some ways. If you think back to 2008 and you know and a bunch of folks know, we were very much different. We had a large wireless business. We had portfolio re-profiling we had to do. We have had a high percentage of our product that wasn't exactly custom, but it behaved a lot like custom. So building inventory was a much more difficult game. And the beauty about where we are today is, as Rafael pointed out, is that a high percentage of the portfolio is long-lived products. We have got our R&D and our resources well deployed in the areas that we want to be long term. And that's what really puts us in the wonderful position where the cost to have maximum optionality is actually pretty low on our particular case in 2020 versus where it was back in October 2008.
Rich Templeton: John, if you think about it and you can even, you have watched us for a long time. You can go back to 2008 and then look at what we did through 2009, 2010, 2011 and such. And clearly if you think about capital allocation, the things that I stepped through, keeping on the right R&D investments, keeping out the right capital expenditures, making the right capability investments on things like ti.com, that's where you get just very excited about. We will be getting stronger during this period and those strengths will help us even as the secular trends of more semiconductors in your life are growing.To the degree that we have an opportunity to buy used equipment or used factories or potentially M&A, as with anything on capital allocation. I think that one just goes down to the it depends type comment, meaning it would have to be probably a more prolonged downturn. If you think about what the mood was in 2009, 2010 and 2011, that mood had to be there for a while before opportunities became available. But we are certainly, we try to just be wise over the long term.
Rich Templeton: Chris, I think it's early. I think I know your world tries to get ahead on trying to guess what will happen, I, in general, think that the secular trends that we have seen with semiconductors and more semiconductors coming into people's lives, are going to continue, okay. And I think somewhat as John alluded to in his question, it's obvious in the near term, but server sales and PCs are going to do well as working from home continues. But I just think longer term you look at industrial products, industrial equipment and even automotive, even though on the near term people will see SAAR numbers come down. The secular trend on semiconductor growth inside of automotive is going to make it a great market to be in for the long term.So no, I don't think from that point there will be a big structural change. I do think we have got a great advantage of having structural channel advantage. So the changes that we have been working towards for a number of years of building closer, direct relationship with customers, things that you now see playing out with a higher and higher percentage of inventory being in our hands to where we can be more efficient, that's going to be a fantastic trend and TI is well prepared to take advantage of that with our breadth of channel reach through the industry.
Rich Templeton: Chris, I think if you and Dave, I thought was very direct with what he described as we saw orders rise, starting to peak at first, second week of March. You saw them rise up. You have seen them start trend down. They are still at that level we saw approximately ending February and in early March. I think that's starting to filter through. For us, especially, Dave will have the number where we are 60%, 70% consignment. It takes a while for those consignment feeds to really get updated because companies have got to start getting better numbers on that front. So I think customers are just still processing through what their customers are telling them and we will see that play through. It's why we have made the assumption that May would be down from the April and June down versus April as well for the range.
Rich Templeton: Yes. So I will set up and I will let Rafael cover it. The answer is, no change, Ambrish, because we really have tried to have a very thoughtful long term plan. But I think it's helpful for Rafael to summarize some of those plans.
Rich Templeton: Ambrish, it's why we included in my remarks comments about how we are operating and it's one of these deals produced an update for internal. And basically, I had a bunch of people telling me, gosh, we got lucky on some things. And I explained, there is this great quote that, luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. And we put in place this mass-market selling, really virtual selling techniques starting three years ago. It's an instituted standard process. Our sales teams work at applications, people work at comfortable with customers. And so it's almost been like nothing has changed in terms of where we spend our time working between ourselves and the customers. They all want to do it on the phone anyhow. Our products group connecting in on that.So the readiness that we had to operate in this world is actually enormously high. Having ti.com more capable to support customers' decisions to be able to support online commerce as we are bringing more customers direct, the comfort of our product groups, design engineers and people to work collaboratively because we have always had to do that is really very unchanged. I do think people are working more hours just because the days and hours tend to blend into one another, as I am sure everybody on this call is experiencing. But it's very impressive to watch the team performing and watching what it's getting done. We are even at that point where all the set of customer visits even next week where those customer visits will be virtual as well. So we are just well into the way of operating this way.
Rich Templeton: Yes. I would just, Harlan, amplify as I suggested earlier that the secular growth theme that are embedded in things like automotive or embedded in industrial are alive and well, okay. They are going to be with us. They are not going to offset a 20% SAAR drop in any one year and you know that. I think everybody does. But when it comes to making investments, as Dave said very well, you have got to be looking five and six years out. And we think automotive will continue to be a great average upper of our long term growth and outperformance.
Rich Templeton: Yes. Toshi, I think you have almost answered the question. I think you described a couple of secular tailwinds if we do our job well where the secular headwind depending on trade tensions, but even there, if we do our job well, I think we can mitigate some of that. I think you also and I am sure Dave is smiling, you got to the right context, which is you have got to look at this over two, three and four years. I think we remind everybody all the time. And so you look at the share we gained going into and then the position we were coming out of 2009 downturn and we gained momentum in that and that certainly what our plans are right now. And that is about both analog and embedded. And it's about the markets that we focus on. It's the customers, the products, the technology, the capability like ti.com that we put in place. And it's where all our energy is going on a weekly and daily basis to get better at that.
Rich Templeton: Okay. Just to follow-up Rafael and Tim, Rafael said this before, so it's just me repeating his comments. The other thing to keep in mind and you spelled this out is, well, our inventory would be growing in second quarter. We will drain yet again distribution inventory. So we have just got to keep these multiple variables in mind and it just keeps putting us in a better and better position when we are doing that. So our balance sheet may show higher inventory but we love the fact that that channel inventory will be getting leaner and leaner and the inventory will be in one place where we can get the most effective use out of it.
