Rafael Lizardi: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Third quarter revenue was $4.5 billion, down 14% from a year ago. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.8 billion, or 62% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and, to a lesser extent, higher manufacturing costs associated with planned capacity expansion and reduced factory loadings. As a reminder, LFAB-related charges transitioned to cost of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. Gross profit margin decreased 690 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $923 million, up 7% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were $3.7 billion, or 20% of revenue. Operating profit was $1.9 billion in the quarter, or 42% of revenue, and was down 29% from the year-ago quarter. Net income in the third quarter was $1.7 billion, or $1.85 per share. Earnings per share included a $0.5 benefit for items that were not in our original guidance. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion in the quarter and $6.5 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Capital expenditures were $1.5 billion in the quarter and $4.9 billion over the last 12 months. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $1.6 billion. In the quarter, we paid $1.1 billion in dividends and repurchased about $50 million of our stock. In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 5%, marking our 20th consecutive year of dividend increases. This action reflects our continued commitment to return free cash flow to our owners over time. In total, we have returned $5.6 billion in the past 12 months. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.9 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter. Total debt outstanding was $11.3 billion with a weighted average coupon of 3.5%. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $3.9 billion, and days were 205, down two days sequentially. Inventory was up $179 million in the third quarter, less than half the increase versus the prior quarter, as we near our desired inventory levels. Therefore, we began to lower factory starts in the third quarter, which results in additional charges to the income statement. This impact is comprehended in our outlook. For the fourth quarter we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.93 billion to $4.27 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.57 as we continue to operate in a weak environment. Lastly, we continue to expect our 2023 effective tax rate to be about 13% to 14%. As you are looking at your models for 2024, based on current tax law, we would expect our effective tax rate to remain about what it is in 2023. In closing, we will stay focused in the areas that add value in the long term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, a broad product portfolio, reach of our channels, and diverse and long-lived positions. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best opportunities, which we believe will enable us to continue to deliver free cash flow per share growth over the long term. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. No, thanks for the question. I'll address both OpEx and depreciation. So on OpEx, we've held a steady hand on OpEx for many years and we'll continue to do so. So as an example, to illustrate the point, from 2017 to 2021 we ran at about $3.2 billion of OpEx. And then in 2022, it ticked off to $3.4 billion. And now we're running at about $3.7 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. So you can see the steady hand and just a bit of an increase over the last few years. And that's, as we have has a steady hand with our hires, new college hires, and as we make investments to continue to strengthen the company in the case of R&D, the broad portfolio in the case with sales and TI.com on the reach of our channels. Then on depreciation, so our CapEx expansions are unchanged. We talked about that, addressed it with previous callers. So $5 billion of CapEx per year for the next 2023 and three years beyond that, as we have been talking about. Now when it comes to depreciation, as time has passed, we have more clarity on what to expect on depreciation. So for fourth quarter, let me start fourth quarter of 2023, we expect depreciation to increase on a quarterly basis at about the same rate as what we have been seeing throughout 2023. So essentially, we're going to end the year just shy of $1.2 billion, maybe [11.90, 11.80, 11.70] (ph), somewhat in that range for the year. As an update for 2024, we expect depreciation to be between $1.5 and $1.8 billion, and for 2025 to be between $2 billion and $2.5 billion.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start and Dave if you want to chime in. But we have targets for where we want inventory levels to be and that goes by product and by state of finish of those products. So for example, of the 80,000 different products that we have, more than -- the vast majority of those are catalog, meaning, they sell to many, many customers. They last for a long, long time. So we can have so many years of inventory at the chip level or finished goods level, in many cases, at both levels, and that's based on our internal process to set those. So those are the -- and in aggregate, that's added up to $4 billion to $4.5 billion, and that's what we've been kind of guiding to and we've been talking about. But what really matters is what happens at the very specific level on a part-by-part number. So as we have near those levels, and you see our inventory level, our inventory levels have increased about $500 million per quarter for two quarters, and then this last quarter, $179 million. So clearly, there is a deceleration of that growth, and that's on purpose because as we near those levels, then we have slowed down the factory starts, that goes primarily with the fab, but also with the assembly test operations. And then we -- that slowdown will continue into fourth quarter. So they reversed the other side of slowing your factory loading is the underutilization charges. So as we near those levels, we are ready to be on the other side of this cycle for the upturn. And of course, it's not just inventory. Capacity is really the bigger driver, but you know what we've been doing on that now for a number of years and we're investing, but inventory really bridges that gap as an upturn happens until you get your factories really cranking at a higher level.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. So the -- for 2024, I said $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion, and that is down from what you probably had before $2 billion. And for 2025, I said $2 billion to $2.5 billion, so that is down from $2.5 which we had said before. And the reason, as you pointed out, CapEx is not changing, so that's not the reason. It's just as time has said, we have more clarity on what to expect. So for example, depreciation on tools that doesn't start until the tool. It's not only received but installed and then qualified and that’s when depreciation starts. So that doesn't happen immediately. So as we have learned more as to how that process works with all the number of tools that we're receiving for the various factories, then we're providing an update on depreciation. Thank you.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so we've given you the tools to calculate gross margin. So let me remind everybody what that is. First is revenue. So you pick the revenue that you believe is going to happen for the next several years. And it's working on a quarterly basis, but of course in any quarter there are a lot of puts and takes, but better to do it over longer horizons. So you start with revenue, then you fold that through at 70% to 75%, which by the way, that is reflective of the great, not only geopolitically dependable capacity that we're putting in place, but it is all that new fab capacity is 300 millimeters. So it has a structural cost advantage, not to mention that we're getting ITC and grants benefits that is installed in the United States. But -- so then you fold that through at 70% to 75%. Then you need to account for the added depreciation. So this year it's probably going to be close to $1.2 billion, and then next year it just gave you $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. So if you want to pick a point between that, then you get your added depreciation for 2024. And then at a high level, that's it. But of course, in any given quarter, even in any given year, but especially in any given quarter, you have to put some takes. And one of them that we're seeing right now is the underutilization. But that right now is headwind, but that can also be a tailwind when we're on the other side and we're increasing loadings and that -- what does that is that, then it comes back the other way, right? So -- but that's more of a tactical comment that happens in some quarters. Hopefully that answers your question.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. Well, so it's an accounting process and it's essentially when you're below what's considered normal utilization, that percent that you're below that -- and that is generally determined by wafer and the fab is wafer starts and out in the assembly test operation as your -- the number of units that you're producing and you divide that by the capacity that you can get, the maximum capacity. You establish a normal, which is where you normally expect to be. That could be 85%, 90%, 95%, depending on the situation. And whenever you're below that, then you take that percent that you're below and then you take those fixed costs and go straight to the P&L instead of going into inventory. So some of those costs that will come in fixed costs, some of them are depreciation, but it's not only depreciation. You have electricity, for example, is largely fixed. You use [indiscernible] whether that tool is running production or not as long as it's plugged in. So you take that into account. And then at the end of the day, you're not creating money when you do that, you just essentially put it on the balance sheet or the P&L. And in this case, it's going directly into the P&L as a linked quarter charge because that portion of the capacity is not producing. Now one more comment, that gives us tremendous operating leverage on the other side of that, right? Because think about fixed costs on the way down, they heard of it. But on the way up, they're fixed, right? So from a cash standpoint, on the way up, you don't spend any more and then you get just tremendous cash fall-throughs on the revenue, particularly when it's 300-millimeter capacity at very low cost.
Rafael Lizardi: So nothing new, frankly. The ITC is the expectation is similar, which is about a 20% to 25% credit on everything that is spent on CapEx in the U.S. for fabs. So what we said back in February is that that's going to be roughly $4 billion of the $20 billion or so that for CapEx, the $5 billion more. So roughly about $4 billion of that we're going to get back on ITC about one year offset. Of that, we have already accrued $1.2 billion on the balance sheet. So you'll see that on our balance sheet on the long-term assets. A portion of that, we will get some time next year, probably by fourth quarter next year is when we expect to get that cash, so that's when the cash will start flowing in. As I mentioned in an earlier call, on an earlier question, we are actively applying for the grant. So that's going to be in addition to the ITC. We're not counting on that. We don't have any numbers on that because you have to apply, you have to wait until the Department of Commerce makes that decision. But we are -- we're planning on receiving the funding from the CHIPS Act grant was comprehended in our decision, and we firmly believe we are very well positioned to receive those funds, and we're a great candidate for that, and we believe there will be meaningful to manufacturing operations in Texas and Utah to support semiconductor growth and the objectives of the CHIPS program office.
Rafael Lizardi: All right. Let me wrap up by reiterating what we have said previously. At our core were engineers and technologies, the foundation of our company but ultimately, our objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate value for owners is a long-term growth of free cash flow per share. While we strive to achieve our objective, we will continue to pursue our three ambitions. We will act like owners who will own the company for decades. We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing and we will be a company that we are personally proud to be part of and would want as our neighbor. When we are successful, our employees, customers, communities and owners all benefit. Thank you, and have a good evening.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Stacy, I'll take that. When you look at the guidance, it would suggest and we believe that we continue to operate in a weak environment in general. And if there was something significant that was changing from one quarter to the next as our typical practice, we highlight that and we just don't have anything to specifically call out for -- into fourth quarter. So thanks and we'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, let me comment on that. We're very pleased with the progress on our manufacturing expansion. They will provide geopolitically dependable capacity to support customer growth for the coming decade. And as you know, semiconductor content continues to increase. And to provide us the ability to grow at that 10% growth rate that we talked about at the last capital management call, if the market requires that, we'll continue to make those investments. So we continue to expect $5 billion of CapEx per year in 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026. So you should count on that. Let me also give everyone, as a reminder, these CapEx numbers are gross, meaning they do not include benefits from the ITC or grants from the CHIPs Act. So we're actively working through the grant application process with the CHIPS program office, which we believe will be meaningful to our manufacturing operations in Texas and Utah and will help support semiconductor growth for decades to come. And funding from the CHIPS Act grants was comprehended in our decision making for these investments.
Dave Pahl: Certainly, certainly, yes. So industrial market was down mid-teens. I mentioned automotive was up about 20%. Personal electronics was down about 30%. Comms equipment was down about 50%. And enterprise system was down about 40%. So I think consistent with that weaker environment that we talked about. So thank you, Ross. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I do. Thanks, Dave. So I guess over the past 12 months, OpEx is up about 10%. Revenue is down about 10%. So as we think about calendar 2024, I was hoping you could give us a hint as to how to think about OpEx. And Dave, I think you used to give, or you had given multi-year guidance on depreciation. How should we -- to the extent there are any updates, how should we think about 2024 and 2025 depreciation? Thank you.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. And I think we all know as being students of studying the cycles over the years. They're all the same and they're all different at the same time and they're unique. The one thing that is unique, of course, with the cycle is how the markets have behaved differently. We've seen bifurcation and really lined up very well with when markets recovered. So PE was the first to recover and was very strong early on. The other markets followed very shortly after that and Automotive was last. As you remember, many automotive manufacturers struggle to restart their factories and people weren't going to showrooms when we are in the midst of the pandemic. So really, as we've seen things begin to roll over, Personal Electronics was first. It was then followed by the other markets, and yet we still have automotive that's hanging in there. So I think that's the one thing that's unique. And I think as we've learned and studied the cycles, our product portfolio has changed as well over time. But the best time to be preparing for the upturn is before it shows up. So that's what we've been busy doing and we think we're in a great position to support the next upturn and to continue to gain share. So, thank you, Ambrish. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And it -- last year was about 7% of our revenue, Joe. So we can find great opportunities in Comms Equipment. We continue to invest, we just don't think it has the secular growth that other markets like industrial, automotive fab. So we continue to make investments there. And as we've talked about that market over the years, it's one that just tends to be choppy. We believe that they're continuing to adjust their inventory levels as we work our way through this quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, it's down 50%. So that's a pretty significant drop. So yes -- so again, long term, we think it's a great market and we're positioned well there, but it will have these types of moves overall. Okay. thanks Joe. We will go to the next caller, please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. As we talked about before, we had focused on changing the product strategy that we had inside of embedded. I'd say we're very pleased with the results that we have so far. Our first objective was to stabilize that business. And we continue to invest in it because we believe it has long-term growth potential and contribution to free cash flow. So we're very pleased with where we're going. I think more tactically, as we talked about last quarter, we saw that business does rely more heavily on foundry suppliers. We began to see those -- that capacity begin to free up for us. And I think that it was different because we had capacity in place to service analog, our own capacity there overall. So, yes. So again, we think that business long term is going to be a great driver for us in the future. So thank you. And I think we've got time for one more caller.
Dave Pahl: Sure. Yes. So and I may have mentioned this earlier, but almost all of our catalog products are available on ti.com for immediate shipment. And so, as we approach our desired level of inventory, we've got a product that is positioned both in finished goods as well as in wafer form to be able to restock that. Of course, lead times, therefore, are what I described normal levels and continue to be consistent. And there's probably no time that we don't -- with so many different products and so many different customers. We'll have hotspots, but they are very few and far between and our ability to close those is very -- we've got flexible manufacturing as most of our production is fungible. So with that, I'll ask Rafael to wrap up the call for us.
Vivek Arya: So what is being -- I think when you were asked before, you said that if there was anything abnormal, you would have mentioned it. So I assume that because you didn't mention it, that it is normal.
Vivek Arya: Yes. On depreciation, what is driving the revision? Because your CapEx doesn't seem to be changing. And then kind of part B of that is, if I take that year-on-year delta, Rafael, I think it's about $400 million, $500 million or so incremental in 2024. So at the current revenue run rate, that's a 2 point to 3 point headwind to gross margin. I just wanted to make sure that I got those two points right.
Vivek Arya: And the gross margin headwind, is that -- did I have the calculation right? It's a 2 point to 3 point headwind on gross margins.
