Ron Slaymaker: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 earnings conference call. As usual, Kevin March, TI's CFO, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it and relevant non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through TI's website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the news release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. Our mid-quarter update to our outlook is scheduled this quarter for March 7. At that time, we expect to adjust the revenue and earnings guidance ranges as appropriate. Let me start with the market environment. Revenue in the fourth quarter was in the upper half of our range of expectations. We expected the environment to be weak again last quarter, and it was. Visibility remains poor, and it is difficult to predict our business trends with precision. That said, we expect revenue in the first quarter to be seasonal except for those wireless mobile product lines that we are exiting. We continue to believe that inventory levels at OEMs and our distribution channels remain low. Even in this weak demand environment, our strategy is producing strong results. Notably, we generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter and almost $3 billion in the year. This is a result of a strengthening product portfolio as more of our revenue comes from Analog and Embedded Processing products, 72% in the fourth quarter. It is also a result of our strategic capacity investments over the past few years that have allowed us to reduce capital spending and will now allow us to maintain capital spending at historically low levels in the years ahead, while continuing to have a strong capability for growth. We continue to return our excess capital to our shareholders last year, returning 90% of free cash flow through share repurchases and dividends. Kevin will provide more on this in a few minutes. Let me now walk through the quarter's results. Revenue of $2.98 billion, declined 13% from a year ago and 12% sequentially. Analog revenue declined 2% from a year ago and 9% sequentially. From a year ago, Silicon Valley Analog and High Performance Analog, both catalog-oriented product lines, declined, while High Volume Analog & Logic was about even and Power Management grew. Sequentially, revenues declined in all product lines. In this sequential comparison, we were encouraged that Silicon Valley Analog performed about the same as the other product lines, despite the additional revenue headwinds associated with our conversion of its distribution business to a consignment inventory model. We estimate that we are about 1/3 of the way through the consignment program transition for this product line. Embedded Processing increased 6% from a year ago, mostly due to higher revenue from products sold into communications infrastructure, although revenue from catalog products and automotive products was also higher. Sequentially, Embedded Processing declined 10% with lower revenue in all 3 major product lines. Wireless revenue declined 56% from a year ago. Baseband revenue fell to $64 million and was the majority of the decline, although OMAP applications processors and connectivity products also declined significantly. Sequentially, Wireless revenue fell 2% with connectivity products down, OMAP even and baseband revenue up. Our other segment revenues declined 7% from a year ago and 25% sequentially. From a year ago, the decline was mostly due to the expiration of transitional supply agreements, although DLP revenue also declined. Revenue from custom ASIC products and royalties increased. Sequentially, revenue declined primarily due to the seasonal drop in calculator revenue. Revenue from DLP products and custom ASIC products also declined, while royalties increased. The sequential revenue was also impacted by the non-recurrence of $60 million of business interruption insurance proceeds associated with the 2011 Japan earthquake. Turning to distribution. Revenues -- or resales grew 4% from a year ago and declined 2% from the prior quarter. Distributors reduced their TI inventory by several days in the quarter to a little below 6 weeks. Now Kevin will review profitability and our outlook.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Sure, Chris, and I will -- I'm going to start by giving you average 5 years seasonality unadjusted for any outlier years. You can do whatever you want on that. And this already comprehends no Wireless, and it does comprehend SVA as part of TI. So it really is reflective of, I think, the product lines that you are interested in. So first quarter, that 5-year average is minus 3% sequentially. Second quarter is up 9%. And don't forget that second quarter also has probably a couple of points impact at the company level associated with back-to-school seasonality for our calculator product line. Third quarter, sequential average is 5%. And then fourth quarter is down 11%. And similarly, third to fourth has the back-to-school negative transition associated with calculators. So of that down 11%, probably 3 of those points come directly from the calculator product lines. So I guess, all I can say in terms -- that gives you the seasonal pattern adjusted for Wireless. Now of course, this year overriding that, you're going to have a decline in the Wireless revenue. I don't have a profile quarter-by-quarter of what that decline will look like, Chris, other than generally we would expect, as I said previously, that by the end of 2013, that revenue is essentially gone. Baseband will be, I think, the numbers we gave you would put it down sub 1% of TI revenue in the first quarter. Of course, OMAP and the connectivity lines are larger than that, but we would expect that they would be essentially gone by the time we close out 2013.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. John, probably, the best I can give you is that if you look at last year, we had -- for the total segment, we had roughly $1.35 billion, $1.36 billion of revenue. About $150 million of that, that was in the Wireless segment, will move over into the Embedded Processing segment. So I think that's what you're calling core there. There are also, just to clarify, there was some OMAP revenue already in the Embedded Processing segment that was addressing automotive, but the amount that was inside of the Wireless segment was about $150 million. I think that ratio is probably pretty consistent with where we were at the end of the year in fourth quarter. So probably, if you use that as a rough starting point for transitioning into first quarter, you would get about the right number. I think we've said that the $135 million decline, I know when I look at just on a percentage basis, what that represented for the Wireless segment was about true for baseband also, meaning, I think that translates to a little over 40% sequential decline in the Wireless segment revenue. It was about that same amount for baseband. So therefore, for OMAP and connectivity, it would also be about that same amount in terms of the mobile side of those product lines. I guess that was your follow-on, John.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, let me just clarify. We have not described our second quarter expectations as seasonal. All I did previously was give the average seasonality, that 5-year average for each of the quarters of the year. We did describe our expectations at the middle of the guidance range for the non-Wireless revenue. Basically, it computes to a down 2%, which we described as seasonal. But we're not trying to, at this point, make any commentary about our expectations for the second quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: I'll let Kevin discuss the OpEx. But you were talking about -- I may be wrong. But again, what we said was the $317 million in our Wireless segment, that will be down $135 million, which would be about 43%. And Stacy, I totally realize, you may be trying to take a subset of that Wireless segment that ties just to the products that are going away, so...
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, and certainly, as you said before, any other outcome would be a big bet against history, which tends to repeat itself here.
Ron Slaymaker: So Shawn, just a kind of hint then when you're looking at your first quarter tax rate in terms of your model, plan on 22%, and then on top of that, add in the $65 million benefit. But if you just look at normal PDT and all that, apply a 22% tax rate and then on top of that, add in the $65 billion -- I'm sorry, $65 million discrete tax benefit. That does not spread across the year or anything like that. So kind of the ongoing rate will be that 22% rate.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes, I don't have a regional breakout. I can offer you a consolation prize and talk about what happened regionally last quarter since we haven't discussed that. But I don't have the month-to-date data by region. In this last quarter, this is a pretty weak consolation prize I'll admit, because it's revenue as opposed to bookings. But in the fourth quarter, we had all regions down, with Asia being down the most. And that would be followed then by the U.S. as well. From there, Europe and Japan. Okay. Sorry, we didn't have that detail for you, Tore. And with that, we're going to close off the call. Before we end, let me remind you that a replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Kevin P. March: C.J., I think -- it'll decline a little bit in the first half as we wind down the Wireless activity. We had some remaining commitments with Wireless customers that we'll have to continue to honor during the first half as we wind that down. And I expect, by the middle of the year, it will probably reach its run rate.
Kevin P. March: We do expect OpEx to increase a bit, but it will largely be offset by the savings from the Wireless restructuring that we announced. But it won't be completely offset.
Kevin P. March: Ross, in the Embedded Processing, your observation is accurate. It has been operating at -- operating profit levels below what we have in mind for that business. You may recall that about 1.5 years ago, we stepped up pretty significantly the amount of resources that we were putting into that business, particularly on the microcontroller side as it relates to our field applications engineers and other activities to support the growth in that product portfolio. In the meantime, of course, we've seen some of our stronger markets in the Embedded Processing space, namely the communications infrastructure, being weak for the past year, as well as catalog being somewhat weak in this generally slow macroeconomy. So between the weakness in our 2 larger markets and the fact that we stepped up the investment 1.5 year plus ago, those are combined, it would cause the operating margins to be at levels lower than we would prefer to have them operating at. So really going forward, this is all about getting the revenue line back into a growth mode to absorb the cost structure that's in place in that division today.
Kevin P. March: Yes. Actually, the point that Ron just made about that change in SVA certainly results in net inventory revenue being -- distributors' books winds up being on our books. Our days of inventory were up a couple days in the quarter to 103. Clearly, well within the ranges where we want to carry it out. As we go forward, we'll continue to carry inventory levels similar to what you've seen us carry this past year, 100, 100-plus days as we become more and more Analog and Embedded Processing focused. And if you take a look at most of our competitors, I think you'll find in the recent quarters, the average are between 90 and 130 days of inventories. And you should expect to see us carrying inventory days quite a bit higher than you might have thought about, let's say, 5 years ago. From a utilization standpoint, I think you asked the question on that, Chris. Utilization was down in the quarter, and we had an underutilization charge in the quarter of about $170 million. That compares to about $146 million in the last quarter. We aren't -- we don't have a forecast for where that goes going forward. But keep in mind that production tends to lead expected shipments and typically, we'd see second quarter up seasonally. So we would be sure to be staging inventory in anticipation of a normal seasonal 2Q.
Kevin P. March: Yes, John. On the gross margins, the royalty in the quarter was about $60 million. Going forward, we expect that's probably going to be about $160 million for the year, give or take a little bit. On the gross margin outlook, I think you're asking about it in your model, keep in mind that I did mention our underutilization charge was up this quarter, as we took our utilization down. But even as we readjust the factories in anticipation of a seasonal up second quarter, average use of utilization across 2 quarters really won't change that much. So we wouldn't expect our underutilization charge to really change much, 4Q to 1Q. I'm not sure what else you have in your model, but that maybe -- and maybe that helps explain where you're getting to.
Kevin P. March: Vivek, we won't -- I won't go into specific details by factory as to utilization because they fluctuate pretty much every week, every month, every quarter. But I did mention there was $170 million of underutilization charges. And roughly half of that is noncash, half of it, cash, give or take a few million in each side of that.
Kevin P. March: Vivek, I think, you should think about it as Analog becomes a bigger portion, Analog and Embedded Processing become an ever bigger portion. You should see more of what we've seen in the past, and that is our ability to generate very, very healthy levels of free cash flow. The result of us being more focused in that area is that our CapEx bill, our capital expenditures bill, will be quite low in part because we have already invested at a very low cost and a lot of capacity. And in part because as Analog and Embedded Processing become a bigger portion of our revenue, they actually can use older factories for a longer period of time, and so they'll require less capital renewal. In addition, the R&D bill is more manageable in those spaces versus where we've been, especially in Wireless. And so that will free up cash as well. So as we move forward, I think you should be thinking about us as being able to not only continue to generate the kinds of healthy free cash flow that we have in years past, but probably even improving going forward, which frankly is good news for our shareholders because as they've seen us do for many years now, we tend to return the overwhelming majority of that free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividends, and I expect that we will continue to do so going forward.
Kevin P. March: Jim, I would just talk that we're respectful of the actual order pattern that we've seen in the last couple of quarters, the book-to-bill of 0.96 in 3Q and 0.91 in 4Q, overall orders declining 16% quarter-over-quarter. That caused us to be respectful as to what the outlook might hold. But while we tempered that a bit, as Ron has indicated earlier in the call, that despite declining sales and revenues, recent 3 months, the fourth quarter, we have seen a turn in that direction in January. And January, certainly, so far is shaping up stronger than what December did. And so for that reason, we're putting our outlook out there and saying we're probably going to be kind of seasonal on the non-Wireless portion of our portfolio.
Kevin P. March: Yes, on the OpEx, we expect to see that savings feather its way in to the P&L over the course of 2013. We saw a little bit in the fourth quarter, probably something in the $10 million range, probably get another $30 million to $40 million or so as we move into the first quarter and continue at that kind of pace until we get to the end of the year. We talked about that by the time we get to the end of the year, on an annualized basis, we should see about $450 million from the costs coming out of the -- most of the OpEx line.
Kevin P. March: I think maybe that when you think about that as the GPM that we're losing on that revenue, is probably falling away at about the same pace as the OpEx. That may be a better way to think about it. And so what the result is, is that, that division by itself, profitability isn't going to be noticeably different than what we just came through until we get the benefit of the rest of the wind-down of the OpEx on that in the balance of the year.
Kevin P. March: Well, I would say that history -- as soon as you deny the history, you usually wind up finding yourself in trouble. But the history has taught us that we do tend to go back to trend line. It is a little unusual, as you pointed out, Joe, that we haven't made that move back yet. But I would simply say that I wouldn't try challenging the history. I'd say it's probably going to come to pass at some point, a little difficult to call when. What's more important is that operationally, we intend to be ready for it. And by that, what I mean is, we intend to have ample capacity when it comes back. And we intend to do have ample inventory on hand, so that we're able to respond our customers when they do start seeing their normal demand trends occur when they come back toward that trend line.
Kevin P. March: Joe, I think that as soon as consumers feel a little bit more confident, have a little bit more sense of certainty as to where things are going, they will probably return to a more normal behavior, which means they won't be continually relying on us being able to ship to them inside the lead times. I think that customers generally perceive that as being a somewhat risky strategy, if in fact, their demand should return. And the big issue, I think, is just waiting for some of the uncertainty to clear up. Certainly, the macro events over the last year have compounded that with the Euro headlines, with the China slowdown, although it does sound like it maybe is beginning to turn a bit on that front. And here in the U.S., of course, the fiscal cliff. We've only had one part of that dealt with so far, and it appears we've got more of that. When some of that stuff gets behind us, I expect our customers will probably go the back to carrying inventory levels that -- where they control their destiny a bit more better than relying on suppliers to be able to ship inside of lead time.
Kevin P. March: Yes. As you know, Ambrish, we don't actually report gross margin details of the businesses. But at a high level, if you think about how these businesses run, Embedded Processing really has 3 components that we talked about. The catalog components that are inside there, that tends to be similar to an HPA, SVA kind of business model. And you're going to see margins -- gross margins, probably north of 60%. On the other side, you've got automotive products. And that includes some legacy products that we have in that portfolio. And you will probably see those margin somewhere closer to the 50% level. And then comms infrastructure will tend to run in between the 2 of those over time.
Kevin P. March: No, it does not. The benefit in Q1 is a discrete benefit that will be spiked out by itself. It's about $65 million or about $0.06 of EPS. The 22% is the effective tax rate excluding that benefit, so that's the ongoing rate for the year. However, I would note that, that rate does include now the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit for 2013.
Kevin P. March: Our resales were down a little bit also. Actually, their resales were down a bit, but our sales to them were down a little bit as well, with their inventory declining as we mentioned by a couple days to less than 6 weeks.
