Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So let's start with what changed. And again, as I said in my opening remarks, the weakness really is pretty broad-based with the exception of Wireless. So revenue in our Analog, Embedded Processing and other segments is weaker than we had originally expected. If you look at it by end market, communications infrastructure is exceptionally weak. Really, that's being driven by UMTS-based systems in North America as those couple of carriers await the outcome of their proposed merger. Industrial markets also remain weak, and I would say in that space, we have both customers and distributors seemingly pushing component inventory levels to very low levels. In the computing space, computing overall is down with declines at storage or hard disk drive customers, especially exacerbated by the flooding in Thailand. And then consumer product areas, such as televisions and video games are also weak this quarter. I mentioned the one bright spot is Wireless, and there our OMAP revenue is doing very well this quarter. Just as a reminder, we're now seeing the benefit of customer programs that have ramped into production using our latest OMAP 4 processor. Those customer programs include Samsung's Nexus smartphone, which is our first production program based on Google's Ice Cream Sandwich reference design; Samsung's GALAXY S II smartphone, Motorola's DROID BIONIC and RAZR smartphones, LG's Thrill smartphone with its 3D playback and capture feature. And then most recently, the Amazon Fire tablet and the Barnes & Noble NOOK Tablet are both based upon OMAP 4. And then probably the final end market area that I would mention is automotive. And there, I would describe that sales into our automotive applications, we would expect this quarter to be about flat sequentially, which was really about as we had expected. So that's really what changed, Uche.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Shawn, I would say orders -- total orders likely declined some from the third quarter level. This decline -- excuse me, this decline includes the seasonal impact from calculators, as well as what I would just characterize as lumpiness in baseband. If we just look at our semiconductor products and pull out baseband because of that lumpiness, I would say orders there have generally been moving sideways since the significant drop that we saw in the month of July and that we talked about in our October call. They've been kind of noisy from a month-to-month basis, but the overall trend has been flattish since that period.
Ron Slaymaker: All right. Clearly, reducing inventories, and I would say really in both fronts. The distribution, we, obviously, see that data most clearly because we just know what distributors are carrying. And they are continuing to take inventories down, and I would say they have inventories down to very low levels. And our belief is that at the OEM customers, inventory is being reduced and that, in fact, we're undershipping those customers' production levels.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. In fact, I would just say that's not in our plans. And obviously, there are a lot of options we could do, but especially given our view that we're undershipping demand; therefore, when customers are through with their inventory correction, we will be seeing growth even if there is no growth in end demand or inventory replenishment just as we move back to the customers' production levels. So in that environment and especially considering the low carrying cost of the capacity that we have on board, we have no intention to take any of that, especially the new capacity that we've been bringing on and doing anything other than fill it up over the course of time.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Sure. And I think this ties somewhat back to the question Uche asked maybe, that I hadn't gotten to specifically, which is do we still believe that we're in this bottoming process in the downturn, and the answer is we do. So what we look at, first of all, is that inventory levels of TI just as customers and distributors are now very low, and as I said before, we believe we're undershipping demand. So just to reiterate, at some point, customers will have to stop reducing inventory. And when that happens, our revenue will grow as our shipments increase to match the customers' production level even if there's no growth in end demand or replenishment of inventory. And for anybody that's watched this industry cycle over the course of time, you fully understand that once you start to get in that process and customers regain confidence in their own outlook, the next phase is they will typically then layer in addition inventory as well. The customers historically have not forecast these snapbacks in their demand, and instead, they rely on short product lead times to support their increased demand. We think we are very well positioned both with our inventory, as well as our short lead times to support that inevitable increase in demand. And the other thing that I would point to, which I had mentioned earlier, is just the stability you might say in terms of the orders took a step down in the month of July, but they've generally been flattish since that time, which is to us indicative of a bottoming process as well. I don't have an exact time period. Is it this quarter or is it next quarter as to where that snapback could occur? Historically, if you look at semiconductor inventory corrections, the response time generally results in a couple of quarters of inventory burn. And that's just looking at history. But we'll have to see what this one holds. But I guess I would say we continue to be encouraged that we're in the bottoming process even though demand was a little weaker than what we had initially expected this quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, margins will return to more normalized levels just as we fill that capacity up. So my view is that probably doesn't tie so much to pricing and just a matter of as we ship more units, and therefore, amortize that what currently is an underutilization expense, that will do good things for margins. You've heard us say many times in the past that for the most part, the proprietary product lines that we sell tend to be more spec-elastic versus price-elastic. So even -- we're aggressive in pursuing new opportunities. We tend to do it based on the product specifications that we're offering, the support package, the applications engineering as opposed to thinking that somehow if we drop a couple cents off the price, that somehow that would make a difference in the demand that we actually see. So again, we tend not to view price. Although I will also say, we recognize we have to be competitive on price. And I think we have a cost structure that allows us to be competitive with any of our -- any competitor in the world. So again, I think that's why for our salespeople, price is not an excuse for them to lose a piece of business, but nor is it the reason they should win a piece of business. We want to be competitive on price, but we win the business based on other considerations.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I don't know that it's not fair to look at it in a downturn. I mean we look at it every quarter. Now we don't overreact to any particular data point. But I think the right way to do it is to sample it quarterly and we ask ourselves the question, if there's a quarter where we believe we underperform, we ask ourselves why, and frankly, you guys should be asking us why as well. So sample it quarterly and the best way to make the story work over the long term is to make sure it works every quarter. But at the same time, maybe in a downturn like this, you may see more strategic long-term use in terms of share from the standpoint of gaining position at customers on new design programs and things like that, more so than the different show up in revenue that particular quarter. But again, every quarter absolutely counts.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't want to try to quantify where distributors are right now until the end of the quarter, Mark, but I think your interpretation of what we're saying is correct, that distributor inventory is going down this quarter. In fact, and maybe if I can just comment on distribution overall, but make some specific inventory comments. If you just look at resales, we would expect resales from distribution to the client compared to the third quarter, although at this point, it looks like they'll decline a little less than TI's revenue would overall if we take the national or the SBA revenue out just because we only had it for, what, a week last quarter. Inventory distributors, we expect to be down by a double-digit percentage at this point. And again, that's compared with the third quarter. Although I'll also say that, that includes inventory returns from a discontinued national distributor. And so that, the returns from that distributor probably will contribute maybe a couple few points of the decline in and of itself. Even without that, you can see there's a pretty sharp decline in distributor inventory levels. Just one data point that I saw that I'll pass on almost anecdotally: if you look at inventory for the products that we would characterize as specific to the industrial market, just in the last couple of quarters, inventory of those products at distributors has been cut in half. So again, the distributors are moving pretty aggressively in terms of reducing inventory. And we all have to watch it because demand can come back pretty quickly. But again, call it the buffer. What we feel comfortable with that is that inside TI, our own inventory, we think we're pretty well positioned. So distributors are tightening up somewhat, but we feel that we have enough buffer inside TI to be able to respond as business comes back again.
Ron Slaymaker: Maybe one way to look at it overall, Mark, is I think historically, we've guided that we would expect our CapEx to range somewhere between 5% to 8% of revenue. As you pointed out, with the capacity additions we've made and over the past couple of years, I think it's fair. We clearly have pulled in capital spending from future years. We don't need to spend a lot on front-end capacity. And therefore, we would expect to be at the lower end of that range kind of what you said, both capital maintenance on the front end and then additions to assembly test. What I would say is, even assembly test, depending upon growth, as we have more years produced, obviously, we'll need to expand our capacity on assembly test after we refill the existing capacity. And so with utilization both on front end and back end coming back somewhat as we've gone through this downturn, clearly, we have room to grow from current levels before we really even need to spend on back end capacity to any significance.
Ron Slaymaker: Sure. I guess, and again, this is just based on the first 2 months of the quarter and extrapolating that through the end of the quarter. But probably no surprise, Europe is currently our weakest region, followed by Asia, and then the U.S. All 3 of those regions, we would expect to be down based upon that 2 months worth of data. Japan, therefore, is the only region that is tracking to be up sequentially, and that's really as it just continues its post-earthquake recovery.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. And I think as I said, it really goes beyond our customers to their customers what the carriers, and I think you're all aware they're trying to merge and how they spend and where they spend will be different based on whether that merger happens or if for some reason it doesn't happen. And so in the interim, while they're sorting that out, they've pretty much stopped spending. So I have no idea how to assess how long that may last, but that's what's currently impacting us there in terms of the decline. Other carriers are flattish. Some of the programs in India or China that we've all talked about and hoped was maybe going to be ramping are still on hold at this point, but actually what's impacting us in terms of the decline would be those North American carriers that I talked about.
Ron Slaymaker: Chris, I can -- and I don't know that I can talk too specifically about customer demand. But our assessment is that this is mostly them taking inventory levels down more than what we had expected, as opposed to their demand is significantly weaker than what we had expected.
Ron Slaymaker: No. In fact, I would say national is declining this quarter, but declining about the same as our HPA revenues. And as you know, both of those areas are catalog products sold through distribution. And I would say they both have relatively strong ties to the industrial market, which is weak right now. But I wouldn't say national is disproportionately a factor one way or the other here.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, yes. OMAP is doing better than expected. I can't quantify it at this point in the quarter, but I would just say OMAP is growing very nicely, and we'll have more details for you in January. But we expected good growth out of it and it's delivering even better growth. And so other areas are making up -- more than offsetting that growth, and obviously, we've taken the overall guidance down. So they're all doing quite a bit worse than what we had anticipated when we came in. And again, probably for reasons of both macro as well as inventory reduction.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, and again, if you go back to what we said in October, we looked our own supply chain's risk both in terms of, I think a lead frame that we bought from a supplier there that we knew would be disrupted, and from assembly test that we had there, and I think we quantified that impact as about 1%. But again, that was just TI supply chain. What we tried to communicate was the first order effect, which was the customer, the direct customer impact of hard disk drive that were manufactured in Thailand. And then maybe even a second order effect of PC manufacturers that couldn't get hard disk drives that might be weaker than otherwise expected. And again, we had some estimates there, but clearly that is having impact, certainly the first order effect. I don't know how much -- we're not the best source to be able to comment on the PC manufacturers. Clearly, they're going to be impacted by the same macro considerations that every other market segment is. So they likely would have been weak anyway. Was that weakness exacerbated by lack of storage? I don't know.
Ron Slaymaker: I would describe that as pretty strong, no guarantees, but usually almost always when we win OMAP, we'll have some power management Analog type products attached to it. And then sometimes connectivity. We don't bundle the 2. So there will be places we fill connectivity without OMAP, there will be places we fill OMAP without connectivity and then there will be customers we fill both into. But almost always, when we fill OMAP, customers just find it more convenient to work with TI on a lot of the Analog products, such as power management, as well as our sales force is trained to work their way through those customer systems and pick up as much of that companion Analog content as they possibly can. So I would say when we sell OMAP, we usually do very well selling other products outside of OMAP as well. Thank you for your questions, and before we end the call, let me remind you that the replay is available on our website. Thank you and good evening.
