Kevin P. March: Yeah, Chris, I'll go ahead and take a stab at that, I guess. I think that what we're seeing right now is basically customers adjusting their expectations as to the growth rates for the remainder of the year. And just toning down a little bit on where they're at. We actually believe what we're seeing is more a symptom of like a macro-based kind of event. The market's getting a bit more cautious, especially with all the news flow in the financial markets, things you hear out of Europe, things you hear out of China. But the fact is the signs that we're seeing suggest to us that we're in a traditional kind of market, macro driven, not necessarily a semi cycle per se. We continue to see lead times are quite short, cancellations remain low, distributor inventories at historically low levels, as Dave mentioned. So all things put together, I think what we're just seeing is a growth rate on a macro level that's probably slower going in the second half than what people thought coming into the first half. As to comparisons to 2011-2012, there were too many things going on back then. We had earthquake events in Japan that I can recall. We had flooding in Thailand. I don't think these are really comparable events that we can talk about on that front, Chris.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Harlan, the – in fact we did reduce utilization in the factories in the second quarter. And inventory actually came in right about where we expected that, 126 days. And given the outlook that we have just described to you, we do intend to further reduce factory utilization in the third quarter, and we expect the result of that is that our inventories will probably come down somewhat in the third quarter as a result of the reductions that were planned for Q3 as well as the Q2. It just takes a while for that to flow through the system.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Jim, the timing doesn't enter into our thinking. So with some of the points you just brought up – although they make for interesting discussion, they don't actually alter the way we tend to think about M&A. As we've discussed in the past, the first and most important thing is that any potential M&A consideration has to be consistent with our strategy. And in our mind that's going be something that's going to be focused on helping drive our success in the Analog space. And then beyond that, as you were alluding to in your comments there, we have been and expect to continue to be quite disciplined on making sure that we can get a return on what we've spent. Clearly, at some of the prices today that you might see of certain companies out there and you factor in a premium – I'm looking at what I've seen in some other companies – getting a 3% return, 4% return doesn't seem like a good long-term strategy for maximizing shareholder value. And so our inclination is to make sure returns can see their way past our cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe, and we'll stay disciplined on that front.
Kevin P. March: I think you're probably thinking about it right, Jim, is that you should look at it over periods of time like that, and not start from the wrong quarter. At a high level, we take a look, and we make the assumption that the semiconductor market will continue to grow at, call it, 2x the global GDP, and that's on increased content into industrial and automotive that will continue to drive demand. It's then a question of what do you think the GDP's going to do over the long term, the global GDP? And clearly it does appear that – and certainly in the last three, four years, and probably the next few years, it has been slower than what we saw in the prior decade or decade before that. So the overall industry is, again, in our view, will probably grow at about 2x the global GDP, and the global GDP is the real wildcard here, is trying to figure out how fast that'll grow. And we're preparing ourselves for the fact that it probably doesn't see any real robust growth to help us, and therefore we have to focus on execution and making ourselves stronger internally.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, so Jim, we've got a couple things going on there. Clearly as we see more of our revenue coming from industrial and automotive, that has an attractive profit mix. And so you saw some of that in the second quarter. You heard Dave's prepared remarks talking about strength in automotive that we saw in the quarter. So that's clearly having a benefit to our gross margins, even in the light of lightening up on our utilization a little bit. You are correct in that utilization changes don't have an immediate impact. They tend to – it takes a few months for it to roll through the system, so some of that was in second quarter. More of it will be in third quarter. We also have lower overall manufacturing costs; as we're beginning to see depreciation starting to slowly trickle off we're becoming much more efficient in our factories; we're getting more and more of our revenue off of much lower-cost 300 millimeter. So you've got a number of things combined that are keeping those margins in a pretty healthy state. As we look into next quarter, I wouldn't expect a significant – any kind of material change in that particular metric in third quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Ross, we've already taken action on the OpEx side. We had announced, I think a year and a half ago now, actions that we were taking in Embedded Processing and Japan, and those are pretty much complete now. You're seeing those benefit OpEx in the results that we turned in the last couple quarters. These short-term fluctuations in revenue – we don't let those lead us to rash decisions that could have a negative impact on us. We make longer-term decisions based upon strategy. As we look into third quarter, if you look at the last couple of years, 2Q to 3Q, OpEx has been flat to roughly down. I don't expect anything different than recent history as we go into third quarter of this year.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Vivek, the 75% fall-through is still probably a pretty good one to use, but keep in mind that it's noisy from quarter to quarter. It's something you should look over a multiquarter period as you move through time. Clearly you'll get good product margin fall-through as we go into next quarter, but as I mentioned we're also dialing back some of the factory starts, so you have moving parts inside there. But when you look over a longer period of time than just a quarter, that's when you start seeing that 75%. As to migrating product to – I think you said 450 millimeter.
Kevin P. March: For 300 millimeter, we will continue to do what we have been doing in the past, and that is many of our new products that are released are being released on 300 millimeter, and that becomes even more valuable to the company as we move forward. Keep in mind what we talked back in the February capital call, that is in addition to our Richardson fab, which is capable of about $5 billion of total 300-millimeter Analog revenue, we have also begun the conversion of our DMOS6 factory, which will provide an additional $3 billion of Analog revenue capability. So with that kind of conversion under way, clearly new products that we're releasing are being biased towards 300 millimeter versus 200. Active products on 200, for the most part, will continue where they're at.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, the only thing I'd remind you of is that industrial was 31% of our revenue in 2014. And my recollection is that no single sector in that market was bigger than 4%. So we're talking about a lot of really small customers. So there's not really one customer that can give us a signal what's going on. It seems to be a broad-based reconsideration on the part of participants in that space as to their outlook for growth for the second half.
Kevin P. March: Yeah. Ian, as we did mention earlier on, orders increased each month in the second quarter, and I will just say as to orders for this quarter, they're consistent with the guidance range that we gave early in the call. We did have a book-to-bill in second quarter of 1.01, so we did build a little bit of backlog, but I wouldn't call it a dramatic amount. It's consistent, though, I think, with the outlook that we have offered for third quarter.
Kevin P. March: Well, there's – been in this for quite a long time, Ian – there's always some market that's in decline and other markets that are actually in a growth phase. So the examples you just offered, if in fact they turn out to be in a secular decline, the offsetting markets for that, the most obvious one is automotive, where we're seeing significant content growth – not just us but many in the industry – seeing significant content growth. And we're still in the very early stages of that content penetrating automobiles. So that's probably a secular growth market that I would suggest would probably add for a decade or more. So that's a great opportunity for the industry in general and for us in particular, because we've been focused on there for a number of years now. And then there's the broader industrial market, where we're seeing an increasing usage of semiconductors and equipment in those markets that simply were never used before. And as people are using semiconductors in those spaces they're finding new applications and needs for more semiconductors. So while there may be some markets or sectors that could be in secular decline, there are others that are in secular growth. And in general, that leads us to the belief that I commented on earlier in the call, that we think the industry overall will grow at about 2x the global GDP because you've got these kind of underlying changes going on in how semiconductors are being used across our economy.
Kevin P. March: You know, Ambrish, I cannot offer you any insight into Linear's order patterns. They clearly are the most qualified to do that. I can simply tell you what we saw, and that is our orders increased each of the three months as we came through – or two of the three months. In other words, May was up over April, and June was up over May as we came through 2Q. We certainly are in different markets, and that could possibly be an explanation, but I just don't know enough about how their order book works to be able to help you with a contrast between the two companies.
Kevin P. March: That's actually not a bad way to think about it, Ambrish, because in fact the way that we are operating the 300-millimeter fab today, our fab, is near full equipped utilization. In other words, we don't have it equipped to full capacity, but to the extent that we have it equipped, we try to keep it quite highly loaded. So the adjustments that we take on loadings generally impact the 200. There may be some impact in 300 as well, but it generally would impact the 200-millimeter factories.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, I might just add it's probably not so much consumer willingness to consume those things. It's more is there something interesting for them to spend their money on. And certain customers are much more successful at that than others.
Kevin P. March: Yeah. Tim, so what we're talking about, again, long-term growth rate was how the questions asked earlier, and long-term growth rate, we believe, will be about 2x global GDP. Just like you see noise in the quarters, you're probably going to see noise in the years. For example, last year the industry arguably grew considerably faster than 2x global GDP. This year it's apt to grow less than global GDP. So I think you're just going to have that kind of noise to deal with. I don't think it can be mechanically imposed into a formula with precision. As we look out, for the reasons that we talked about, increasing penetration in certain markets especially auto and industrial, that will continue to require semiconductor content, and there'll be growth inside that. From a market share standpoint, we'll be able to answer that at the end of the year. But I'd say we're off to a darn good start so far.
Kevin P. March: Yeah, Tim, we don't believe that there's something called a seasonal average in our space. When you go and take a look at any of those quarters, the variation is so wide that there's not really anything meaningful in there. I think you look at those 2Q to 3Q growth rates and you see zeros to high-single digits, and I don't think you can divine too much out of that. I think we have to look at it in the context of the current global environment. Certainly a lot of negative news flow coming out of Europe and some out of China and so on. We had a slow start to the year in the Americas because of weather and the port issues on the West Coast. So I think what we're seeing is what we talked about early in the call, which is that on a macro level, our customers are looking and adjusting their expectation for growth in the second half, and they're tweaking that down a little bit, versus what they had anticipated coming into the year.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. So I'll just make a comment on both revenue and order linearity in the quarter. In both cases, revenue and orders increased each month during the quarter. I think as you look at the end market detail, as I just had walked through in general, we saw automotive was strong, with all the sectors inside of that growing – or all but one growing at double-digit rates. Industrial revenue was flat. Just contrasting that to last quarter's year-over-year growth, we didn't see growth there. And it was incrementally weaker than we had expected. And as we had talked about inside of there, we really saw about half of the sectors increase, and that, of course, was offset by declines in the other sectors. Personal electronics, as we talked about, grew in total, due to specifically one large customer. And outside of that customer, actually saw almost every sector decline, including PCs, as we were expecting. Comms infrastructure, as we mentioned, was impacted by – or comms equipment was impacted by wireless infrastructure, and that was down 50% from a year ago. So – and that actually was weaker than what we had expected when we started the quarter. And then the last, enterprise systems declined due to DLP projectors, as we had expected. So that's kind of a summary of what we saw by end market. So thanks, Chris, and we'll move to the next caller.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'd add to that, that our business model is robust. Even in a weak environment like this, it throws off lots of cash. And we've got the capacity to support much stronger rates of growth, if that were to show up. So it'll be a lot more fun if we get into an environment where GDP growth is stronger and everyone can argue what the multiplier on semiconductor growth rates overall are. But we can still operate and produce lots of cash even in these weaker markets. And we'll look forward to having more fun when it's stronger. So thanks, Jim, and -
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So, John, what you're seeing in our results has nothing to do with the investments on a Vcore product line. And I'll just say that we continually look at our investments, and we want to obviously invest in places where we think that that will lead to sustainable revenue, a differentiated position and solid returns. So there's portions within Vcore that are more attractive and less commoditized than others. So we're continuing to make those investments. So we know that there have been rumors out there that we're exiting the space in total, and that's not true. But, again, these are fairly small tweaks to where we direct our R&D resources. And those teams are off investing in other areas and producing products that we believe will just give us longer-term better results. So I'll contrast that to a market where we may have exited like wireless, where we're actually reducing and exiting a market. And we're not doing that here. So I hope that helps. We can go to our next caller, please.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, Ross. Yeah, I think when you look at both SVA, as well as HPA, those businesses have different exposures to various end markets. And actually both of those businesses have a higher exposure to both industrial as well as communications equipment. You'll see a business like HVAL that will have a higher exposure to personal electronics.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, as we had indicated before, the qualification, as Kevin said, of DMOS6 second version is under way, and we expect the qualification to be completed by the end of the year. We're still on track for that. So thank you, Vivek, and we can go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. Chris, not a lot to add. We did – it was – again, use the word incrementally weaker. We gave you the color that we saw growth in half the sectors, and that was offset. So even inside of that, there's a bit of choppiness. I think as we look forward, obviously as we get the demand signals both in orders as well as from what we can see from consignment, through our distributors, there's signals that we look at there. And as Kevin mentioned earlier, I think people are just taking a more cautious outlook into third quarter. So besides that, probably don't have too much to add. Kevin, I don't know if you -
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So in general we believe that customer inventories are lean. As we worked our way through the reports and some of the anecdotal – from last quarter's reports, as well as the anecdotal information that we get from our sales teams. And of course there's always the exceptions like within wireless infrastructure, as that market goes through its adjustments. So with inventory in our distributors at 31/2 weeks, that is a historically low period in my tenure as well as Kevin's. So – and we really think that's reflective, Chris, of confidence from distributors that they believe that they can get the product that they need from us. Obviously it's driven overall because of the consignment programs that allow them just operationally to run at those levels. And I think there is a belief that confidence in stable lead times and availability of product is probably working its way out into the customer base as well; harder for us to actually have that direct visibility. As Kevin talked about, we're talking 100,000 customers, so it's hard to have that collectively. So thanks, Chris, and I will go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, and I could add, too, that even if you look at a market like PCs that probably over the next 10 years and 20 years will be on a decline like that, we can take two actions. One is we'll spend differently today than we would have spent 10 years and 15 years ago inside of that market. But we can still find opportunities where products will actually live through one product cycle to the next and still have long-lived positions even inside of a market like that. And certainly PCs aren't going away anytime soon. So there's still quite a bit of money that can be made in those markets. So thank you, Ian, and we can go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. And I'll just add that any product that runs any measurable volume will often source in multiple factories, so it could actually be sourced in a 200-millimeter fab as well as a 300-millimeter fab. And as you know, the economics of getting 40% lower cost per chip on a 300-millimeter obviously will tilt us into starting that 300-millimeter wafer. So thank you, Ambrish. And we can go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Well, if you look at our personal electronics market, it was actually up. And it was up because of our exposure in our customer base. So to the extent that there's compelling products out there that people want, that will drive demand. So you see that stepping up. You take that one customer out, of course, we saw declines in almost every sector inside of personal electronics. So you kind of have the good with the bad, somewhat of a mix on that front.
David Pahl - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much, Tim. And with that, thank you all for joining. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
