Kevin March: Chris, on the inventory, if you take a look on the balance sheet, and look at the mix of inventory, you'll actually see that our working process was up more than normal. So it's partly our raw materials up more than normal, and that was really a function of making sure that we procured enough raw materials, post-Japan earthquake, so that we wouldn't have material shortage in our factories. In addition, you'll see that our finished goods are up some. Part of that is the seasonality, due to the calculator back-to-school sales, and a little bit of that is the plan to build inside semiconductor products. But really, the work in process is where you see most of the build up and to a large extent, that's not only a plan to build to get ourselves back to customer service levels that we've been trying to achieve now for probably last 1.5 years, but that's also the result of bringing up our new factories and dual calling parts that were in the Miho factory that was damaged last quarter with the earthquake. So you get multiple effects going on driving inventory up. Because of the inventory stage that we actually feel quite good about, if the third quarter wants to turn out to be a little stronger than the current signal suggests to us, we're well staged to be able to meet that growth that customers actually need product sooner. The inventory for fourth quarter, we'll talk about in 90 days, when we get out of this quarter and see what happens at that point in time. As with utilization, I'll just comment that utilization was down a little bit in the prior quarter. In the second quarter versus prior quarter, and that was really a function of -- we do start adjusting loadings in first quarter, and that continued through second quarter. But at the same time, we also have underutilized capacity as we've talked about in the Japanese factories that were damaged. So together, those have cost utilizations to be down.
Kevin March: Glen, I would say on the upside, will probably be exactly those 2 areas where Ron had suggested that where we're seeing some softness or some lackluster growth forecast from our customers. That will be in the computing space, and in the consumer space, and with the TV and some of the gaming areas that we're looking at, it's also not out of the question that as these component shortages finally clear themselves up in the automotive space, that you may see a resumption of demand in that area as well. From an upside standpoint, I've already discussed the inventory profile. But at the same time, we're also just managing, not just the inventory that we have, but our overall factory loads and our overall spending plans as we go into the second half of the year. Just to be sure that we don't have spending getting up in front of our revenue growth.
Kevin March: Boy, Glenn, that's a tough question to answer because we don't even envision that at all. I mean, clearly mobile is our priority with OMAP. We are highly focused on the smartphone space and the tablet space and frankly, we're probably not pursuing as aggressively in just the idea of OMAP somehow or ARM trying to work its way into a standard PC. Probably the opportunity we would view would be more just to the degree that tablets cannibalize into the lower end of the PC space or into the netbook space. Clearly, that's opportunity for OMAP. But that is such a significant opportunity for us and one where we are -- to some degree in the driver seat from the standpoint of the penetration that we have and the value proposition that we have with OMAP, and then probably in our mind, makes a lot more sense for us to focus on that than to go try to penetrate a mature market, such as the PC with OMAP. So I realize that probably wasn't as direct of an answer as you would've liked, but it really reflects our priority, which continues to be smartphones and tablets. And then, we are pushing OMAP into other spaces, such as eReaders, GPS devices, things like that but those certainly probably would be a higher priority for us than chasing down the traditional, more mature PC market.
Kevin March: Yes, I think that what's change in that area has really been a lot of the headlines that we're seeing with European and U.S. debt issues, and that's causing some of our larger customers to be making in the computer and consumer space, do have concern and that may cause anxiety among consumers and dampen demand. So that's a bit of a change from what we saw 30 days ago or even 45 days ago, and really, it's just a reaction to a lot of unfavorable headlines as it relates to the debt and what that may mean to domestic demand in both Europe and the U.S.
Kevin March: So John, on the gross margin, I'm not sure how you're building your model there, but I would remind you that in the second quarter, we had about $50 million of net cost attributable to the earthquake in Japan. And almost all of that cost went against the gross margin line. Next quarter, we indicated we probably got about another $0.01 worth of cost that we expect in the third quarter, and again, that will go against the gross margin line. So I'm not really quite sure how you're building your model that'll be driving the gross margins down. In fact, seems it would go a little bit different just for no other reason, we don't have the same kind of overhang on that earthquake cost that we did this quarter. As to the R&D spend, R&D really a -- these are long-term kind of spend. These aren't the sort of things that you tend to swing around too much in the short term. And so as you've watched us for a lot of years now, when we set our R&D spend budget for the year, we rarely fluctuate much more than $100,000 plus or minus around that budget from the -- $100 million, excuse me, plus or minus around that budget that we set at the beginning of the year. And that's really because the whole intention of R&D is you're spending not for this year's revenue and sometimes, not even for next year's revenue but for revenue beyond that. So I would not anticipate making changes to this year's forecast for R&D. We'd have to see something of a similar drama that we saw coming out of '08 into early '09 for us to really change our spend plan on that front.
Kevin March: That strain of the restaurant business is made up of a variety of products. For example, our calculator business is in there. That enjoys great market share, especially in the North American education market, and that's a market that will continue to grow, although probably at very low single-digit kind of growth rates. Our DLP business is in that area and that also continues to do very well in some projection and has some very interesting emerging growth opportunities, particularly in Pico projectors and other types of applications of that nature. Our royalties are also in there. We don't normally expect much growth in that area. We have some other business. Our custom ASIC is in that area. That would characterize it as kind of very slow growth sort of area. And there's a few other miscellaneous types of things. Overall, if we look at the noncore products area minus baseband, because we've already talked Baseband will run its way to 0 by the end of 2012, but minus baseband, the remainder we're expecting to probably grow in the total 12.2% kind of range. Again over the years into the future.
Kevin March: Stacy, I would say that the lost production in this quarter is about -- as we've talked about, about $0.01 worth of earnings.
Kevin March: Pardon me, pardon me, it's cost. There will also be some lost revenue just because we can't sell the material until we get towards the end of the quarters. It comes out of the factory towards the end of the quarter. And we don't have a quantification for -- if that would be right down, because part of the outlook is changed versus what we're trying to do to get color 90 days ago, when we'll be coming in the second quarter. As it relates to the overall second quarter lost output, we have estimated it would cost us around $0.05 worth of lost revenue, we've got $0.05 of earnings in the second quarter, and that's pretty much about what it turned out to be. We have estimated that the incremental cost would be about $0.05 in the second quarter, that came in closer to about $0.03, net of an insurance settlement -- the ongoing insurance settlement we're able to achieve.
Kevin March: Stacy, I don't know that we have a great answer or visibility into the why of auto. I know car sales are down, I know, are weaker than expected. I know part of that, a large part of that is supply chain related. And if they can't get a critical component from somebody else in the supply chain, then they sure don't need the parts that we would sell into it. How much of it is the consumer nervousness, just based on kind of what Kevin talked about previously going on at the macro level, they're very likely could be some of that as well, but what we know is, supply chain has impact to that.
Kevin March: Let me just address that question on the margins. The operating margins were down in wireless on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And in part, that's just the gross margin dollars that leave that P&L with the lack of revenue that we have on the baseband. But another part of it is as Ron indicated earlier, we are seeing an increasing number of design wins across a portfolio of products and in larger number of customers. And to support those design wins, we're also increasing our staff level, to make sure that we provide an adequate support. So you've got really 2 things going on in there. One of them is the baseband revenue decline, and this is associated to the margin coming out. And the other is the fact that we're increasing our support of customers as a result of us actually winning additional design wins. And in terms of looking to the future, we've said for quite a while that the non-baseband portion of our wireless segment needs to grow and grow rapidly in order to get a certain amount of revenue base that makes sense to the financial model. And I can tell you that the leaders of that particular product is very focused on that. And frankly, with the design wins that they have been successful in getting at lately, it is increasingly encouraging that we may in fact, begin to see more favorable results and certainly, in time for when the baseband business probably winds down completely. I won't try to predict any decision as to the question you've asked about when does it make sense to stay in or stay out, I won't try to go there. I would just simply point out that once again, with the design wins we've got going there, we have been adding additional resources to support those, and we're quite encouraged that we should start seeing that trend into meaningful revenue growth in the not-too-distant future.
Kevin March: CJ, I won't get into a whole lot of specifics. I will comment that clearly, the roll-off of the cost strike for Japan is contributing to what our expected outlook would be. Beyond that, I won't get into any further mix discussion on that. I'll just leave a little put on that 90 days.
Kevin March: Yes, CJ, the diluted share count, the average diluted share count for the second quarter was 1180. So 1.180 billion, and the period share count, basic share count was 1,155,000,000. These are the shares that we actually pay dividends on. As to the tax rate, yes the revision we've given is a 27% tax rate, which we believe, that the tax rate should apply for the entire year, including the balance of the year.
Kevin March: Sure. Ross, I think the highest level to look at is you're right, it's probably down about 3.5 points versus a year ago. And the single biggest driver is the cost of the earthquake damage that we talked about. That's probably 1.5 points of that delta. Utilization is probably another point. Keep in mind that we brought on additional capacity during this period, there's probably about 0.5 points or so attributable to just slightly the lower revenues, and another 0.5 point attributable just to year-over-year changes in pay and benefits and raw material costs, and just commodities and so on.
Kevin March: Not enough to really make a difference. It's really -- these are the larger moving pieces that are going on inside there.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, I think, and again, we just haven't -- we haven't seen signs of it elsewhere to the degree that it's macro and wants to spread. I don't think we have any direct visibility into that, but we certainly have not seen signs of that to this point. So what we're seeing signs of again is not weakening, it's not -- it's just not the typical turnout that you might expect seasonally in some of those other areas.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, so I would say in terms of China and India, probably don't have a lot more granularity to provide other than what I have, which is just that we expect them to drive incremental growth in second half of this year. So we are well-positioned in those markets as we are just in comps and infrastructure-based station equipment across the world. So as those systems deploy in those regions, we will clearly be a participant. Our question of PLD versus ASIC, there's actually a step beyond both of those, which is system-on-a-chip, where we take the functionality that historically would've been in the standalone ASIC or a standalone FPGA type of device, and basically, integrate it onto our DSP for a much more optimized system. And I think when you start thinking about base stations and TI's content participation going forward, think more system-on-a-chip. So for example, 4G-related -- 4G type of systems, we already have system-on-a-chip for these systems, and that will mean that our content will be higher and frankly, our content will ramp earlier to the higher level than what it might have historically. But again, we have a great position DSPs and now, surrounding that DSP in a single chip implementation, the logic that gives us more of a system-on-a-chip functionality.
Ron Slaymaker: I would say it's similar to -- it reflects the environment that we described for you and the outlook that we have provided. So in other words, we have not seen in the first 3 weeks of July, a big ramp in orders that would be reflective of a strong back-to-school or holiday season and consumer or in computing, but it's kind of that more lukewarm type of signal that we previously described for you.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, I think every time a competitor loses share to TI, we hear the pricing complaint coming back to us. I don't think we're doing anything different on pricing than what we've done historically. Frankly, our sales guys and gals are aggressive for pursuing new design wins. But that doesn't mean that we're out aggressive on pricing. We just fundamentally believe that when it comes to Analog, when it comes to Embedded Processing, pricing is pretty far down the list of customer considerations when they're picking a supplier for a particular component. And things that first and foremost, the performance of the product, the match of the product to the customer system needs, the amount of support that TI can provide in the form of applications engineers, in the form of kind of factory capacity that they see TI bringing online compared to our various competitors. Those are the considerations that drive customers' decisions to select TI versus a competitor. Absolutely, we have to be -- we have to keep our pencil sharp on pricing, we have to be competitive on pricing but it's not pricing that's causing TI's share gains. So again, it's not the first time I've heard, then I'm sure, won't be the last time I've heard that one.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, Vivek, and can give you -- I will give you the state and secondly, let me comment though. I think even our friends at Intel talked about lower units than what they had previously been expecting. But for them, it would translate to a richer mix. I suspect for TI, we're probably more sensitive to units than mix, given just the type of products we sell in as opposed to their microprocessor business. Okay, if I just look at first half of this year, I'll walk down all the end equipment areas and give you what percent of TI's revenue. Communications is 41%, computing 23%, industrial 14%, consumer 10%, automotive 8% and education will be 4% and that is primarily our calculator revenue. Let me give you a sub-breakout of computing because not all of these will necessarily apply to our outlook. So PCs, of that 23% -- I'm sorry, these will sum up to the 23%, PCs in first half '11 are about 9%. Storage, hard disk drives et cetera, 6%; servers, 1%; monitors, 5%, which is really the DLP front projector revenue; and printers would be 2%. So hopefully, that helps.
Ron Slaymaker: To 27% so in reality, the delta is probably a few tenths of a point in the tax rate, but we -- our guidance is not that granular. Operator, I think we'll have time for 1 more caller please.
Ron Slaymaker: Resales were up 2% sequentially and off the top of my head, I don't recall specifically what we were saying midquarter. If you're saying mid-single digits, that could say they were 1 point or 2 off, but I don't recall that number and I don't recall the variance. And Kevin, been here shaking his head. So neither one of us can help you on that one, Ross. Okay, so with that, thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
