Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.62 billion or 65.2% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit increased primarily due to higher revenue. Gross profit margin increased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $825 million, a 2% increase from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing twelve-month basis, operating expenses were 20.6% of revenue within our range of expectations. Over the last twelve months, we have invested $1.53 billion in R&D. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D that allows us to continue to grow our top-line and gain market share. Acquisition charges and noncash expense were $79 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of 2019 then declined to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Operating profit was $1.71 billion or 42.6% of revenue. Operating profit was up 16% from the year ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 47% up from 44.7% a year ago. And for Embedded Processing, it was 35.4% up from 31.2% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions enabled both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth. Net income in the second quarter was $1.41 billion or $1.40 per share. Let me now comment on our capital management results starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.83 billion in the quarter. It increased $909 million from the year-ago quarter, primarily due to a lower tax rate as well as higher revenue, which includes more 300-millimeter analog revenue. Capital expenditures were $249 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was $5.73 billion on a trailing twelve-month basis, up 42% from a year ago. In the second quarter, we paid $606 million in dividends, and repurchased $1.02 billion of our own stock for a total return of $1.62 billion in the second quarter. We have returned $5.6 billion to owners in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return to owners all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 41% of free cash flow underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remained strong with $5.13 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. In the quarter, we retired $0.5 billion of debt as it became due andraised $1.5 billion of 30 year debt with a coupon of 4.15%. We currently have total debt of $5.1 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.77%. Inventory days were 135, up 2 days from a year ago and within our expected range. We continue to believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $4.11 billion to $4.45 billion and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.41 to $1.63, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our ongoing annual operating tax rate to be about 20% in 2018 and 16% starting in 2019. Just as a reminder, the higher tax rate this year is due to non-cash charges. More details of our expectations for taxes can be found on our website under Financial Summary Data. In closing, I will know that the strength of our business model was demonstrated throughout our financial performance over the last few years from top-line growth and margin expansion to free cash flow generation. We continue to invest in our comparative advantages, which are manufacturing and technology, portfolio breadth, market reach and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products, Analog and Embedded Processing, and the best markets, industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: So, let me step back and take you back to our capital management strategy and some of the things that we say there and how we think about driving value for owners of the company. And to us, it all comes down to growing free cash flow per share. So it's not operating margins, it’s not gross margin, it's not analog versus embedded, it's all about growing free cash flow per share. Both of those businesses are and we expect to continue to be contributors to that free cash flow per share. So the focus is growing the top-line. As we continue to invest in what we think are the best markets, the industrial and automotive, and in the case of analog as we continue to expand our 300-millimeter footprint where we have a structural cost advantage.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, Ross, I will go ahead and take that. First, let me take TI's long-term support of free trade and strong IP protection. And those are both important to TI and the broader ST industry. So we continue – we feel that way. We have stated, we had been in that position for a long time and we continue to do that and advocate that. Specifically on the tariffs that have been announced on integrated circuits, those are still subject to public comment through the end of July, so those are not in place yet. If – once they go into effect or if they go into effect, remember, they will apply to goods that are deemed of Chinese origin that are then imported into the United States. For TI, only about 13% of our revenue is imported into the United States. In other words, 87% of our revenue is exports, so not subject to U.S. tariffs. And that 13%, only a sliver of that has Chinese origin as a – would be deemed as Chinese origin. So bottom line, only about 1% of our revenue would have those tariffs applied to it. And that's before we make any potential – any adjustments, supply chain and other things that we could do to even minimize that impact further. So at the end of the day, we don't see a major event or any direct impact other than some minimal impact. Now, that's not to say that at a macro level, that could have an impact, but that's a very macro comment that goes beyond TI and beyond the semiconductor industry that free trade – anything against free trade between the two largest economies in the world, that could eventually have a macro effect that would be detrimental to everybody.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, I’ll go ahead and take that Amit. As we have talked about in Capital Management and in other settings, our focus for value creation for the owners of the company is free cash flow per share. It's not gross margin. It's not operating margin. It's dollars of free cash flow per share. So the opportunity for expanding that and continuing to grow that are simple. It's the top line as we continue to invest in the best products and the best markets and the best markets because that's where the semiconductor content is expanding and we continue to gain share there. And then, 300-millimeter. We have talked about that for a number of years. As of last year, about $4 billion of our revenue went through 300-millimeter, four out of ten in the Analog space. So that leaves a lot of room for continued expansion on 300-millimeter and continuing to grow that free cash flow per share.
Rafael Lizardi: Yeah, let me take that. First let me step back to remind you what the objective is, right, for CapEx. It's to invest to support new technology development and revenue growth and specifically to extend our low-cost manufacturing advantage, including 300-millimeter, which maximizes our opportunity to grow free cash flow per share for the long-term. So the percent of revenue is an interesting metric to have in mind, but the real driver is that long-term growth of free cash flow per share. So we have been – and in periods of sustained strong demand, that CapEx tends to go up and that's part of what you're seeing. That CapEx is going to – is going primarily to support 300-millimeter. There are other things. There's assembly test. There's even other factories where we invest some of that CapEx, but predominantly, it's to continue to expand that footprint of 300-millimeter within our fab and building cost at the existing factories. Before you go to the next question, I want to go ahead and make a point on free cash flow on our free cash flow growth. In the trailing 12 months, free cash flow grew $1.7 billion from about $4 billion to $5.7 billion, a 42% increase. So what would that drew – what drove that? First and foremost, our profit before tax grew about $1 billion in that comparison. So that is higher revenue, more revenue driven by industrial and automotive, which, again, drove the majority of the revenue growth; and more 300-millimeter, which, to the question earlier, that continues to help with the expansion of free cash flow. And then second and obviously, tax reform. So in the United States, we had a – we have tax reform and, as we have talked about, that did lower our tax rate in 2018 versus the previous year in a significant way. Additionally, we had about $200 million of year-to-date of one-time tax related benefits that are also associated with tax reform. So that also played a factor in that comparison.
Rafael Lizardi: So, Stacy, as you know, we give revenue guidance and EPS guidance and stop it at that unless there were any unusual trends and if so – right between the lines, and if so, we would point that out. We're not pointing that out because there's nothing unusual. So you should expect just our usual trends within reasonable ranges.
Rafael Lizardi: Well, so the way I like to look at this is from a cash standpoint. So I think of that investment as cash flowing out, the first cell on your spreadsheet, and then after that is return. I don't think about it for those purposes from a depreciation standpoint. So as we continue to invest on 300, we think that is – those are very good, long-term investments that will last for a long time. Any time we put any of these tools in place and the cash fall-through on those investments is pretty high.
David Pahl: I can give that. Let me just find it. Yeah, so orders, book to bill – orders were up 10% sequentially, book to bill was 1.06. I'll point out it was 1.06 a year ago and 1.03 last quarter. I always feel the need to comment on book to bill with about 60% of our revenue going through consignment programs where we don't get any orders in advance of pull from that demand. So the book to bill isn't as strong of a signal or is at least as clear of a signal as what it used to be in the past. So thank you, Tim. And we'll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yeah, I think if you look at Embedded, it has a higher percentage of comms equipment. So it was impacted by that. And then in Other, don't forget that we've got strong seasonality in second and third quarter. So, thank you, Ross, for those questions. And we will go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: That is the same story. And my friends in Japan, I've talked to them a couple of times. They're – give them a shout-out to them that the revenue is down, but when you look at – we've got some reporting tools that allow us to look through what we call channel independent reporting. And as you mentioned, it's a ship to. So they're continuing to make progress with the customers there. Just a lot of that revenue ends up shipping either somewhere in Asia or it ships in Europe or in the U.S. even though it's designed in there. So – but the actual measurement that we have is the shipping label on the box. So unfortunately, they're still called out on the conference call, which I know they're not happy about. So thank you, Harlan. And we will go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yeah, Vivek, I think one-thing that we have spend a lot of time trying to do and remain focused on is keeping lead time stable. And for the vast majority of our products, they continue to remain stable. And that doesn't mean that we don't have hotspots and, of course, we'll work with customers to close those gaps as aggressively as we can. And the other important metric that we look in inside of that is on-time shipping performance. So you've got a stated lead time and if you're not shipping inside of that, customers tend to get nervous. And that has continued to remain at very, very high levels. So we can't see any bottlenecks from customers not being able to get product from other places that shows up in the order book specifically. Could it be there? It certainly could be, but it's not something that we would have visibility into. So I think if we just remain focused on what we can control, which is the lead times and shipping performance, customers can have confidence in getting product from us. Okay, we will go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Sure, yeah, so I think again I would refer back to our capital management presentation as we walked through that thinking remains consistent with that. So from a comms equipment standpoint, I would say that our investments have shifted over time. If you look at the 5G standards and the things needed to support the new things, new frequencies being added, things like the massive MIMO, antennas that are going in for beamforming and other things like that, that is all complexity that you find in the radio itself. And for us, that translates into Analog products to be able to support that. So our spend in Analog is up for supporting that 5G transition. It has been for some time when we look at our spend versus, say, 5 and 10 years ago. But at the same time, that same change in standards and mix really doesn't impact the digital side. So our spend actually is down on that. So again, I'd describe our growth primarily coming from industrial and automotive as we look over the next decade. So that's where we've tried to increase spending, but we will shift spending around to take advantage of things like 5G. And I'd just say that, in general, very confident in our position. And we've got – we're building off of a great position inside of 4G as well. So we're very pleased with those investments.
David Pahl: Okay, thank you, Rafael and thank you all for joining us. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Good evening.
