Rafael Lizardi: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Gross profit in the quarter was $2.36 billion, or 64.3% of revenue. From a year ago, gross profit decreased due to lower revenue. Gross profit margin decreased 90 basis points. Operating expenses in the quarter were $810 million, down about 2% from a year ago and about as expected. On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 21.1% of revenue, within our expectations. Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.57 billion in R&D, an important element of our capital allocation. We are pleased with our disciplined process of allocating capital to R&D which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our topline over the long-term. Acquisition charges, a non-cash expense, were $80 million. Acquisition charges will be about $80 million per quarter through the third quarter of this year, then decline to about $50 million per quarter for two remaining years. Restructuring charges/other was a credit of $36 million due to the sale of our Greenock, Scotland facility. Operating profit was $1.51 billion, or 41.1% of revenue. Operating profit was down 12% from a year-ago quarter. Operating margin for Analog was 43.7%, down from 47% a year ago, and for Embedded Processing was 33.5%, down from 35.4% a year ago. Our focused investments on the best sustainable growth opportunities with differentiated positions will enable both businesses to continue to contribute nicely to free cash flow growth over time. Other income and expense was $52 million benefit, up $28 million primarily due to investment gains and tax-related items. Net income in the second quarter was $1.31 billion, or $1.36 per share, which included a $0.07 benefit for items that were not in our prior outlook, as we’ve discussed. Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation. Cash flow from operations was $1.80 billion in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $284 million in the quarter. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $5.93 billion. In the second quarter, we paid $722 million in dividends and repurchased $863 million of our stock for a total return to owners of $1.59 billion. In total, we have returned $8.01 billion in the past 12 months, consistent with our strategy to return all of our free cash flow. Over the same period, our dividends represented 47% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our balance sheet remains strong with $4.22 billion of cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter. Total debt is $5.8 billion with a weighted average coupon of 2.91%. Inventory days were 143, up eight days from a year-ago, and down one-day sequentially. We’re pleased with the progress we have made replenishing inventory of low volume devices and implementing the next phase of our consignment programs with our distributors. Work in both of these areas will continue in the third quarter. We believe there is strategic value in owning and controlling our inventory and will manage it with our long-term objectives in mind. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect TI revenue in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion, and earnings per share to be in the range of $1.31 to $1.53, which includes an estimated $10 million discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our annual operating tax rate to be about 16% for 2019. In closing, we have just completed our third quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. As we stated last quarter, if you look at the last 30 years of history in our industry, cycles are always different, but typically you could see four to five quarters of year-on-year declines before year-on-year growth resumes. Again, we are not trying to forecast the cycle, but simply offer some historical perspective. Given our experience, we will stay focused on making TI stronger for the long-term. We continue to invest in our competitive advantages, which are technology and manufacturing, portfolio breadth, market reach, and diverse and long-lived products. We will continue to strengthen these advantages through disciplined capital allocation and by focusing on the best products Analog and Embedded Processing and the best markets industrial and automotive, which I believe will enable us to continue to improve and deliver free cash flow per share growth for a long time to come. With that, let me turn it back to Dave.
Rafael Lizardi: The only thing I would add is we're ready for any scenario. The economy strengthens, we're ready. If it run sideways or if it weakens, we're ready. And that's both a strategic comment on how we position the company, focus on auto and industrial and analog products inside of that, but also operationally with our inventory strategy and other things that we're doing to continue to strengthen the company.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. And I'll take that. From the way you want to think about it is our fall through, as we have said before, is about 70% to 75%. And you want to look at that on a year-on-year basis. And even then, this is sometimes a little less, a little more but that's the right way to look at it, and this quarter is actually right between that 70% and 75%. The other thing I would mention is over the longer-term period, over the last many years and we expect this to continue, you're seeing the benefit of 300-millimeter manufacturing. That is part of our competitive advantage, manufacturing technology. And as we have talked about before, it's just a structural cost advantage because of the geometry of the wafer and the relatively small incremental cost that goes into producing the 300-millimeter wafer versus 200-millimeter wafer. So, we expect that benefit to continue to accrue to gross margins and ultimately free cash flow margin, which is the one that drives value for the owners of the company.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I think if you look at those metrics overall, I'd say that inventory in the channel, and more broadly, I think you're looking at kind of the cyclical metrics that you looked at. Inventory and channel was down about a day. Still, it's about 4.5 weeks and has been steady at that for a couple of quarters now. Order rates, when we look at those looked normal as they came through. Cancellations were down a little bit from last quarter, but really didn't change much. And then our lead times overall have remained stable. Certainly, they were stable as things got more heated in the industry, but – and of course there's always areas that we would still be tight on today, but in general, the lead times have remained very stable, so.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start, and then, Dave, you want to – if you want to comment. But we've had an inventory strategy for many years. We just continue to tweak it over time, make it better, stronger. And as the cycle started in third quarter or so, then we deploy some specific tools during that time to then take advantage of that situation and use what we call our wafer starts. We devoted an increasing share of that to the low-volume inventory strategy. We have built a lot of that but it's not complete. But incrementally, it's going to be less going forward than what it was in the last few quarters because you get to obviously diminishing returns at some point in that.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes. I want to make one more comment on this topic. Remember what inventory is about, right? What is objective inventory? It's not about maximizing utilization or gross margins or anything like that. It’s about maintaining high levels of customer service. So, what we have done is deployed our cash to inventory. And as Dave said, inventory actually decreased. But we think that decrease, we built some inventory of low-volume parts. That now puts us in a great position as we move into the third quarter and beyond. You have that inventory of low volume that is generally difficult to build. We have it ready, so that we'll be able to serve our customers on the other side of this very well.
Rafael Lizardi: I'll give you one comment, and Dave, you may want to chime in. What I would tell you is, maybe take into account, in the last four quarters or so, five quarters, we have gone through the next phase of consignment and we have added, let's say, $30 million to $40 million of revenue to that program per quarter during that time, for a total of close to $200 million. We probably still have one more quarter to go where that is – where that's going to happen and maybe through the end of the year, but it's getting to the diminishing point. But that is revenue that from the P&L we had sort of disappeared, right, but obviously the demand hasn't changed. That end demand really hasn't changed. It's just that now it goes into our inventory and the revenues delayed, but it just puts us in a much better position to then own that inventory, distribute it better where it's needed, work with our manufacturing facilities better to determine what's needed to be built for –to replenish that inventory. So, it's just a better way to operate.
Rafael Lizardi: The short answer is, no. We are – as we said in our capital management strategy, our guide on CapEx is 6% and we'll continue to be 6% and that's without buildings. So of course, as we've talked about, we announced the new factory – the new 300 millimeter factory that we build in Richardson, Texas in the next few years. Outside of that, we'll be running about 6%.
Rafael Lizardi: Let me start, and Dave, if you want to jump in. But let me first step back to the objective for inventory to remind everybody and, as I said earlier in the call, is to maintain high levels of customer service. We also want to minimize obsolesces of that inventory and improve our asset utilization, but the main thing is to maintain high levels of customer service. And our target is 1.15 to 1.45. So last quarter – two quarters ago, we went above that target, 1.52. But then last quarter, we're at 1.44 in one – first quarter and then second quarter, we just finished at 1.43, so both of those inside of our target.
Rafael Lizardi: Yes, I'll take that. It's too early to tell. We read some of the same media reports and anecdotal comments that people make on that front, but it's too early to tell. So, we'll watch how things evolve in that front over the next few years. So, I want to finish with a few comments on key items for everybody to remember. We will remain focused on analog and embedded, the best products; and industrial and automotive, the best markets. We will continue to be disciplined in executing our capital management strategy, and remain committed to returning free cash flow to the owners of the company. And finally, we continue to believe growing free cash flow per share dollars over the long-term is what will maximize value for the owners of the company.
Dave Pahl: Yes, I'll start, and if Rafael wants to add anything, he's welcome too. I think as we stated, the quarter came in about as we expected and that was really across the board. Really all the end markets performed about as we had expected. We’ve just completed our third quarter of year-on-year declines for TI. And I think that if you look at history, things are always different when you look at cyclicality, but I think things are performing as we would expect.
Dave Pahl: So, I think we've said before that Huawei is about 3% to 4% of our revenue overall. It's a mix of comms equipment and some handset in there and some other products. And if you look at comms equipment overall, it's 11% of our revenue. We had seen some nice growth in our 5G products, as we've talked about before. And if you look from a regional standpoint, I'd say there's nothing unusual going on. We've talked about that in the past when there was. And certainly, if you look at where we ship product, that's not always indicative of actual end demand or – and look-through those economies, meaning we may ship into one region and that may get packaged up and shipped to another region before it's actually consumed. So overall, about the regions, they came in as we expected and nothing unusual. We didn't see anything unusual this quarter. So, thank you for that. We’ll go to next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes, and I'd just say that our markets, because they're diverse and you see market share doesn't move around quickly, it's just good quality markets. And one of our competitive advantages being diversity and longevity I think helps us in markets like this in situations like that in particular, so. Okay. Thank you, Toshiya. We'll go to the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. And I'll point out, obviously, you saw our inventory dollars were down sequentially. They're actually down year-on-year. Our inventory days were down sequentially even with those planned builds of those low-volume parts, and we feel really good about being able to do that in our operations. The second part of your question there was what is the impact of consignment have on utilization. It really has no impact at all. Basically, it optically and, by definition, just puts more inventory on our books. But even if the inventory didn’t change in the channel, it just would put pressure and optically put pressure on our inventory, and that's going on as well.
Dave Pahl: No. Yes. Sure. So, the first is they performed similarly. Industrial was a little weaker. Auto was a little less weak but in the same zip code, and that was the same for the sequential. Together, they grew low single-digits and that same profile was the same. Personal electronics grew high single-digits with broad-based seasonal growth. Comms equipment, as I mentioned earlier, had declined, and then enterprise systems actually grew sequentially. Okay, thank you, Ross. And we’ll go the next caller please.
Dave Pahl: Yes. So, you set me up perfect there, because I always have the preamble that I'll give it. I've debated honestly whether I should continue to give it, but I will. Just because we do, but there is a lot of noise that's in it. So, it was 0.94% and it was 1.06% a year-ago and 0.99% last quarter, so and I'll just remind everyone that we have the majority of the revenue on consignment. So, we don't get orders in advance for that. We've got backlog and the consignment the orders in the backlog are all consistent with the guidance that we gave. So, thank you Harlan. And I believe we will go to the next caller please.
