Kevin P. March: Glen, the allocation that you're talking about is the -- I think you're talking about the allocation of the corporate expenses.
Kevin P. March: And again, just to repeat what I've mentioned a moment ago, because we now have less cost going forward, that corporate cost will allocate to fewer segments. But the burden by those remaining segments will be up. The cost of the corporate activities doesn't scale one for one with the cost of the actual business operations. And consequently, while that will come down a little bit, it won't come down near to the magnitude that the inherent cost will come down as we wind down the Wireless segment. But the result of the allocated cost to remaining segments will be higher. And you can see that incrementally, if you look at the segments that we just published. And on a go-forward basis, those allocated costs will come down a little bit over time, but not significantly. The result is though, as we see revenue growth going on inside the segment, we should see the profitably of the segments continue to improve.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Jim, as it relates to loadings, with the increased outlook that we have, we would expect the factory loadings to be higher in 2Q than they were in 1Q. And consequently, utilization charges will, in all likelihood, decline quarter-over-quarter. I expect that the utilization, which was about $150 million of underutilization charge in the first quarter, which was down about $20 million from the fourth quarter, will decline further as we go into second quarter on the back of increased factory loadings.
Kevin P. March: Chris, I would just say that we would expect that, at least for our segments, we're likely to grow at least at the market rate. And because we have been pretty successful at consistently gaining market share for the last 4 or 5 years in each of our target segments of Analog and Embedded Processing, I would expect that we should be able to turn in maybe growth a little bit beyond what the total market itself grows. Beyond that, as Ron mentioned a moment ago, we're probably a little bit hesitant to go off and articulate that we had some kind of expertise or special insight as to the market growth or the economy as a whole. Instead, we remain focused on really growing share and converting that revenue growth into free cash flow. We've targeted 20% to 25%. We just turned in 23% for the last 12 months, and that was in a pretty weak market. So with that in mind, we're pretty encouraged as to what this portfolio can do for our shareholders going forward.
Kevin P. March: John, I would think that, that would be profitable. Because as that Wireless goes to 0, on its way down, it's probably delivering pretty much no profit, because we're taking out cost at about the same rate that the gross profit dollars are coming out. But keep in mind, what else is in there. We have our DLP technologies in there, we have our custom ASIC in there, we have our calculator business in there and we have our royalties in there. And each of those are relatively low R&D, relatively low SG&A type of businesses, so they generate reasonably high margins and attractive cash. So the only thing that will be dragging it down on a go-forward basis, recall that we also take -- we put the acquisition-related charges into that segment, which will run around $85 million a quarter. And we also put restructuring charges into that segment, which this past quarter was about $13 million, and should run about that same level for the next couple of quarters.
Kevin P. March: Yes, John, on the question of the stock count relatively flat this quarter, and in the face of the fact that we've repurchased $679 million worth of shares, there are really 2 things going on there. With the increase in stock price and just the natural pending expiration of certain stock options, there was an increase in stock option exercise across the employee base and that, of course, put shares back into the market. At the same time, that stock price increased the dilutive share count. So those 2 elements combined basically held the share count about even in the first quarter.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Stacy, so just to help everybody else get to that similar conclusion there. We guided R&D to $1.5 billion. We just spent about $420 million, $419 million this past quarter. So you can kind of get to what the balance of the quarters look like. I would point out that, on the Wireless restructuring, we mentioned that we're well on our way to the $450 million in annualized savings. And the best way to see that is probably to take a look at TI -- at third quarter and kind of compare that with where we're at today. And you can see the effect on the R&D line as we begin to unwind the Wireless segment. We're probably about halfway through -- more than halfway through the savings and the R&D as it relates to the Wireless restructuring. And so that will keep on going. And so the kind of math that you're using when you get to year end, from a seasonal basis, probably isn't too far off from what we might expect by the time we get there. And clearly, we'll have such things as pay and benefit increases and so on, on a year-over-year basis and we'll bump that back up as we move into 2014, but I don't expect that to be all that much in relation to the total cost savings that we have. A similar phenomenon on SG&A is likely to occur, although not nearly at the same magnitude. Clearly, the biggest spend in the Wireless restructuring was in the R&D cost category.
Kevin P. March: Stacy, I'll go ahead and answer that. And if I miss something, maybe Ron can speak up also. What we talked about was that the Embedded Processing technologies of OMAP and Connectivity, when -- we've operated at about breakeven. Keep in mind that the portion that we move from Wireless will be added to a portion, the OMAP portion, that was already serving the Embedded space, in the form of the automotive markets that was already inside the Embedded Processing segment. So when we look at those and combine those, they are at about breakeven on a combined basis. I won't go into details as to what their OpEx levels are, but just suffice it to say that they're at about breakeven on a combined basis. On a go-forward basis, to your question as to what should we expect from Embedded Processing, I would characterize the level of -- the level of investment inside that segment today to no longer require additions of the level that we've been doing in the past couple of years. We are at a point now where we are spending at sufficient levels to invest in product development. And now, it's all about growing the revenue to begin to absorb the costs that are already inside that segment. So at this point, and as you saw in this past quarter, that segment did grow. And it's grown not only on a quarter-over-quarter but year-over-year basis. And so I would expect that we would continue to see some good things out of that segment.
Kevin P. March: Blayne, I'm not sure what you're talking about on targets per se. I would say that, broadly speaking, we have talked about OpEx, as a collective cost category, to fluctuate between 20% and 30% of our revenues. From where, on a weak cycle, which we're just coming out of right now, we would expect that to be at the upper end of that range, pushing the 30% level. And in fact, in first quarter it was exactly that. It was 30% of our revenues. As our revenue strengthen, we would expect that OpEx to work its way down as a percentage of revenue. And in a strong market, get down to the 20% kind of range. On a go-forward basis, there is still cost to come out, as I mentioned a few moments ago, especially out of the R&D line. Do recall that when we talked about the cost savings that we expected from the Wireless restructuring, $450 million annualized by the end of the year, roughly 75% of that is going to come out of R&D, roughly 15% of that will come out of SG&A and the balance would come out of cost to revenue. So we would expect to see a little bit more lift out of the SG&A as we get later in the year. And largely, this is a timing of the action, certain of our sights around the world that will affect when we see those benefits begin to come through the P&L.
Kevin P. March: Blayne, I'm not sure what you're saying, a little bit below our target. We did talk about that during -- through the course of the cycle, we would expect fall-through -- delta revenue to fall through the GPM would be 75% through the course of the cycle, based upon our historical experience. In fact, we've got pretty good fall-through happening right now, if you do the math on 1Q revenue we just turned in. And we just said, up on the midpoint of the guidance that we just gave, I think we got some pretty reasonable fall-through on that. And in fact, if you take a look at it, it actually makes quite a bit of sense in the context of 2 things. Really, we've got mix improvements as Wireless is coming out, and so Analog and Embedded Processing become a larger portion of our revenue. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, we've got the benefit of the fact that our factory loadings will be up on expectations of higher revenue in second quarter. And so that will have a favorable benefit to our utilization charges.
Kevin P. March: I think that to look at our history probably isn't a really good predictor, because our history has a big chunk of wireless in it for an extended period of time with a substantial R&D build. So I would offer to you that, that would distort any historical analysis of TI, as a starting point. Beyond that, I think perhaps the biggest thing that's going to be different between TI and other Analog and Embedded Processing players, or potentially different, is the fact that we had made a conscious decision, and we made it a number of years ago, to have a significantly larger sales force than any of our competitors. And that's really on the back of the fact that we have a significantly larger catalog of products than any of our competitors and therefore, there's a lot more to be sold. And the result of that, of course, as we have seen, has been that we have actually been able to achieve market share from our competitors over the last few years, on the back of a larger portfolio of products and a larger sales force. So all that being said, to say that there is no intent to go off and do some kind of significant readjustment to the size of our SG&A bucket. In fact, it's a conscious effort on our part to make sure that we have the world's largest sales force. There will be some costs coming out of the SG&A as we wind down the last of the Wireless sites, specifically the one in Europe that Ron was talking about earlier, and that's subject to finalizing our discussions with the Works Council in Europe. Once that's complete, we would expect that the SG&A to support that site would come out of our costs and take our SG&A levels down a little bit, but I don't think it will achieve the kind of ratio that you are alluding to there.
Kevin P. March: Well, I think I counted maybe a couple questions in there, so let me see if I can remember them all. On the fall-through, we remain comfortable with what we talked about, only by virtue of the fact that, that's what our history has shown us. And that is, through the course of the cycle, up and down, we average 75% fall-through on the delta revenue. Interestingly enough, in any one quarter, you practically never see that 75% fall-through. But across the cycle, you'll see that. And we don't see any reason why the future would be different than what history has shown us for a number of cycles. So I wouldn't expect that to change, in light of the fact that we'll begin to increase our utilization. As to how much capacity are we comfortable with, once again, the utilization charges that we talk about here, in fact, a lot of that is noncash. We've talked for several quarters in a row now, that it's probably half or less is going to be cash related and the rest is noncash. And cash is extremely important because obviously, that results in free cash flow for our shareholders, which I believe when we talk to them, most of them say it's quite important in the context of us being able to provide them with dividends and ongoing stock buybacks. So we will remain focused on the benefit of the free cash flow that this strategy employs for us, as opposed to trying to make adjustments solely for the benefit of a GPM percent calculation, that may or may not benefit free cash flow going forward. So with that being said, there are no plans, other than what we've already announced, for changing the size of our installed manufacturing capacity. And those plans that we've already announced, well the ones we announced 1.5 years ago, and that is the closure of an old small factory that we have in Hiji, Japan, and the closure of an old factory that we have in Houston, both of which will be closed in the second half of this year or by the second half of this year.
Kevin P. March: I can't give you a specific number on that because it's a mix of the optimal loadings in all the various factories that we have around the world. And we have more than 20 factories around the world, so I don't have a precise answer for you. But I think a 50,000-foot way of thinking about it, is that we have characterized that we believe that we have enough installed capacity to support something approaching $18 billion of revenue. And so in theory, if we went to 100% utilization on that, we clearly do not have an underutilization charge at that revenue level. In fact, underutilization charges never assume that you get to 100% utilization. They assume that you get to something less than that. And again, that varies by factory, and I don't have a precise answer for you on that, Ross.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Ross, I'd be cautious on the analysis that you're doing. Because of course, with the segments we reveal only the revenue and the operating profit or PFO. In fact, when you're trying to do your R&D analysis, you're doing it at the company level. And I'd remind you that the comments I made earlier on the call, the level of R&D that we spend in the Other segment is very, very low. And so, in fact, the proportion that's being spent in Analog and EP is probably a little higher mathematically than what you're getting, just like at the company level. In the meantime, again, we have over 100,000 products, we sell them to over 100,000 customers. We actually think that we have plenty of opportunity to continue selling those products -- even more of those products to the same customers, as well as new products to the same customers or new customers. So we're not worried about the R&D spend being able to give us expansion to our portfolio. We're quite confident with where we're at.
Kevin P. March: Yes, Tore, we're holding to $500 million on the CapEx forecast. And we expect that probably most of that will be for wafer fab equipment, with -- I'm sorry, [ph] for assembly test operations with the balance for wafer fab equipment. And that's really just a question of making sure that we've got enough capacity for the volumes that we're actually producing. Keep in mind that, at level there, there's a little bit of capacity expansion but to a large extent, it's line rebalancing and just making sure that things are -- as the demand on certain flows change, we can rebalance the line to handle those demands. I'm comfortable that we will remain inside that CapEx forecast this year at $500 million.
Ron Slaymaker: Glen, I guess -- I'm afraid I don't have a lot further to add than what's inherent in the guidance. So, other than the decline in legacy wireless, we're expecting a seasonal second quarter for the remainder of our revenue. The microanalysis of the quarter and linearity of revenue or linearity of orders, frankly, there's nothing really to be gained there. And what I mean by that is we had a typical first quarter profile on both orders and revenue. We declined around Chinese New Year as we do every year and then it's recovered and bounced back again in the month of March. But nothing really unique in the first quarter profile compared with what we would typically expect in a first quarter. Okay, Glen, thanks for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Jim, recently -- we're trying to avoid that discussion. And what I mean by that is we have no unique insight to provide in terms of where we are with respect to that trend line, where we are with respect to the cycle. And so frankly, we're just heads down focusing on trying to gain share in Analog and Embedded Processing regardless of the market environment, and be able to generate free cash flow at the 20% to 25% of revenue level that we described. But we'll leave it to you experts to try to figure out where we are relative to those trends and relative to any cycle considerations. Okay, Jim, thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: So Blayne, just -- I would just -- we don't get down to those individual lines. But in terms of your model, charges in second quarter will probably be pretty similar to where they were in the first quarter. Most of the acquisition charge line is the amortization of acquisitions, and will pretty -- will stay pretty stable for a period of time. The restructuring, as we continue our work to close those 2 older factories, the one in Houston, the one in Hiji, Japan, which will take through probably -- or the second facility will close in second half of that, of this year. So we probably have a couple more quarters where the restructuring charge will be similar to what you saw in first quarter. And so I think if you take that, if you've taken -- if you add to it to the guidance we provided on R&D, you should find your growth -- your incremental margin will be very similar to what we described as the historical level or above. So I think as you continue to scrub that, you'll probably get a refined answer. All right. Blayne, thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I certainly can do that, but I'll have to do it for TI overall. I don't give those inputs collected by segment, but I'll make these segment discussions maybe as we go through. So industrial, which affects both Embedded Processing as well as Analog, and we noted specifically Analog SVA, as well as High Performance Analog, we're seeing strength mostly driven by the U.S. and China. Europe and Japan, both continue to be subdued there. I'd have to say it's like everything else, the customers are operating more or less hand-to-mouth. They're not giving a lot of extended visibility, but demand there, overall, is clearly rising. Also as we noted, we're seeing strength in automotive. Most of that is being driven by the U.S. market. Probably the weakest on that front would be in Japan. And then I think for the year, we would expect to see China start to build on the strength for TI as well. When we look in the computing market, specifically, we continue to see weakness in the PC market. And that's really being driven, we believe, by -- likely by additional cannibalization of tablets and smartphones. So we'll see where that goes, but that market remains weak. Consumer, I would describe as mixed. Areas like gaming are weak. TV sales, I would say, overall remain weak, but vary by OEM, with the Japanese OEMs probably the ones that are giving up the most in terms of market share. In handsets or mobile communications, I think even as we talked about in the mid-quarter update, first quarter, we saw, overall, I'd say a little stronger than what we had expected there. But that varies pretty significantly by OEM. So overall, did a little better for us, but not uniformly across customers. And that goes across, again, a lot of different products, both the legacy, but it's also some of the products in Analog that we sell into the handset space. And then finally, comms infrastructure remains weak for us in first quarter. That's along the lines of what we described in the mid-quarter update. And that really just is continuing to be driven by constrained operator spending. We don't believe there's an inventory. We think inventory -- I'm sorry, we don't believe there's an inventory issue. We believe inventories in that space generally remain low, but operators just have not picked up their spending. So I guess if I were to summarize, at least as it applies to first quarter, we saw the PC area and we saw the comms infrastructure area both below our expectations coming into the quarter and what we would describe or characterize as weak. On the flip side, industrial was strong, better than we had expected. Automotive was strong, better than we had expected. And then some of the mobile handset markets also were. Okay, Joe, thank you, and we'll move to your second question.
Ron Slaymaker: We believe that we will have that product line wrapped up by the end of the year. So we have not changed our expectations from the standpoint of the endpoint there. So obviously, there's always some puts and takes there. But it's -- we still expect, by the end of the year, that revenue will essentially be gone. Okay, Joe, thanks for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: And Vivek, interestingly, when we talk to our large shareholders, which most of which are very long-term in their investment horizon, they describe the idea of buying capacity on the cheap for pennies on the dollar and holding it, even if it's a number of years until we need it, as a no-brainer. And in fact, I think that reflects their own investment style with stock. So again, we feel like we are very well aligned with our largest shareholders in terms of that strategy, and we think we'll continue to deliver good returns with that strategy. Okay, Vivek, thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Yes. And, Ross, I would just add that, keep in mind, the reductions that we're doing are, as a result, almost wholly due to the Wireless restructuring, not Analog, not Embedded Processing. And so going forward, we're probably spending at comparable levels in those 2 segments, the Analog and Embedded Processing, than we have in past. And you've seen our results in the past translating to market share gains. So I don't think there's any issue with our spending level, with our portfolio expansion. I'll just give an example, in Embedded Processing, we took the number of products that we have in our portfolio up by 20%. I think that's a reasonably significant expansion in a single year and reflects what's a pretty aggressive R&D spend there. Okay, Ross. I believe that was your follow-up question.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. There's a couple things to say about SVA. One, I think the last couple of quarters have been very encouraging in terms of just the relative performance of SVA compared to the rest of our Analog business. It has been, compared to the other 3 businesses that we have, it's right at the top over the 2 periods. Now those are only 2 quarters out of a year, but keep in mind, our expectations for a year or 2, was that SVA moves up to market level growth, meaning we don't lose market share through those businesses, but we expect that it would probably lag the remainder of our Analog businesses, where they have been gaining share historically. So really good results for the last 2 quarters, still a lot of work to be done. We're not putting a fork in it yet, but it's feeling really good thus far. Status of consignment is, I think as we described back in third quarter, we expect -- we had a total of $100 million, basically, to convert over to consignment. We've done about 1/3 of that in each of the last 2 quarters, so we're about 2/3 of the way through. And our expectation is that, for the remaining 1/3, it will probably take 2 more quarters to get through that consignment changeover completely. So 2/3 of the way through, 1/3 to go over the next 2 quarters. Okay, Ambrish. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, not really, Tore. I mean, there are so many variables, any one of which that can affect whether things are going up or down. But suffice to say, it's hard enough to get the total right without trying to go public on all of the individual assumptions. So obviously, we look at it at that detail level, but in terms of our public guidance and comments, we'll just keep it at the total. Okay. You have a follow-on question? That was pretty easy.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. Tore, thank you. And I think at this point, we'll give you back a minute of your time. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
