Kevin March: No, Chris, I think you said it. While it probably hasn't really changed all that much there was a slight change in our book-to-bill on a year-over-year basis. This quarter was about 0.97. A year ago quarter was 0.94, but frankly because more and more of our orders are coming in on consignment I think book-to-bill means less and less about a particular of where our revenue is going. So I think that to summarize our sense, it's more steady as she goes just like we've seen for the last few years of an economy just growing along on a steady basis and we're trying to take advantage of growing a little bit faster than that.
Kevin March: Ambrish, I don't know that I would necessarily go to improved visibility, but we do get I would say a much more improved or real-time feedback from what's actually going on with true end demand for our products and the real benefit of that is that we can adjust our factories on a real-time basis whereas as you point out, if you went back a number of years, we carried far fewer days of inventory. But the signal as to how fast our products are actually being consumed in the end market also took a lot longer to get to us and so we'd respond later. Now, we can respond much more quickly. So it's less a question of improved visibility as it is a question of much more real-time feedback as to just how fast our products are being consumed.
Kevin March: Yes. I would continue to recommend that you assume that we will average about 4% of our revenues on CapEx on average, over multi-year periods. Some years might be a little lighter like it was this past year where we came in at about 3% in 2014, but on average, we expect 4% and that's how we build our own internal models.
Kevin March: Yes, John, you're exactly right. So going from fourth quarter to first quarter, the best way to model that is to take a look -- really, the last year is a good starting point. We typically are up in the mid-single digits from fourth to first on OpEx and that's because of the absence of the holiday periods that we have in the fourth quarter and the annual startup of pay and benefit increases that we have in first quarter. This year we might be up just a little bit more than that versus a year ago simply because on higher profitability that we are expecting for the year, we also expect higher variable compensation accruals and so that may take our fourth to first up a little bit higher than what you saw about a year ago.
Kevin March: I would probably add one more thing there too, is our strategy of -- that we've discussed for a couple years now of buying our capacity ahead of our needs and always have an ample capacity, quite frankly gives our customers, new and old, increased confidence that we have adequate capacity to meet their demand requirements and they see us consistently maintaining short lead times. So that's just another element that helps us be able to win market share versus some of the other competitors that we're up against.
Kevin March: So Harlan, I think the best way to think about that is we discussed -- I think it was back in 2011 that on average, we would expect our OpEx to run between 20% and 30% of revenues. So like in a weak market, it might be at the 30% level and in stronger markets it would be in the 20% level. We're performing quite well in our markets right now and so you're seeing that OpEx come down. In fact, most recently in the second half of 2014 we were running around 23% of revenue and so I would say that you would want to model us in the lower half of that range, as you try to think about how much our OpEx spend will be in 2015.
Kevin March: I think the way you need to think about utilization is first by definition because we buy capacity ahead of time, we will by definition be operating in an underutilized environment versus our maximum capacity -- theoretical capacity. But that aside, because of manufacturing cycle times, the material that we're starting in the first quarter, especially as we move into the second month of the first quarter, really is destined for second quarter shipments. So your utilization tends to proceed the quarter you're moving into as to what your expectations are and as the second quarter for the last 3, 4, 5 years now and normally for us is a growth quarter compared to the first quarter, we will adjust our factory loadings accordingly to our expectation to second quarter revenue expectations.
Kevin March: Yes. I don't know that I necessarily have -- don't want to get into the GPM per se. Let me just talk a little bit more about what our inventory levels might look like and how that might drive us. We don't have an inventory forecast, per se, but given the growth in consignment and the typically seasonally strong 2Q, we would expect our factory loadings to increase as we move through the quarter as I mentioned a moment ago. One of the things to keep in mind, when you adjust your faculty loadings, if your quarterly loadings are really for the following quarter's expectations then if you think about the pattern of movement through the quarter you take your loadings. Coming into fourth quarter, our loadings would be dropping coming into the quarter and going into first quarter, our loadings would start to increase during the quarter. And so you're always going to have a bit of a lag, when you try to track the GPM that follows with that which I think is what you are asking for there, Stacy. I think more importantly, what we see going forward is that our margins we expect to continue to improve along with our free cash flow. By virtue of the fact that analog and embedded processing continue to become a larger portion of our total revenues and by virtue of the fact that 300 mm manufacturing continues to be a larger portion of our total production, as we go forward and both of those result in both higher margins and higher free cash flow.
Kevin March: Yes. Stacy, that's correct. In fact, our tax rate in 2014, our guidance was as you said, they rounded down to 28%. It actually came in just a little bit higher than that, if it weren't for the R&D credit and so we're looking at it rounding up to 30%, as we move into 2015. So you're exactly right. As you model what you would expect our earnings and fall-through to be, you should tax that at approximately 35% Delta profit as it comes through during the year.
Kevin March: And I think Vivek, you also asked about year-over-year. Just recall that last year still had about $55 million or so of wireless revenue it in that this year is essentially zero. So that's your biggest decline on a year-over-year basis.
Kevin March: Vivek, I'll leave it to you to analyze the competitors. I'll speak to how TI is doing. You may recall back in late 2010 early 2011 timeframe, we significantly stepped up our investments in that particular segment in order to accelerate our product introductions and therefore begin to accelerate our revenue growth and if you take a look at what's happened over the last, as Dave mentioned in his opening remarks, nine quarters of sequential or continuous year-over-year growth that strategy has paid off. So those products are really beginning to take. And as you know, those kinds of products tend to have very long shelf lives, so we expect to see more of the same on that. Now while we took spending down this past year as a result of the restructuring actions we announced this time a year ago, we didn't eliminate them. The amount that we are investing is still quite high and that's why the operating profit is still not quite where we think entitlement will take us to. So we continue to invest at quite a healthy level, just not at the level that you saw us invest in in the prior few years. So those combined, the high levels of investment, an expanding product portfolio from heavier levels of investment in the prior few years, have all given us very strong growth in that segment and will continue to give us growth and quite frankly based upon some of the best in class performance that you can look at out there, we have -- shall we say, expectations similar to at least as well as those companies are operating.
Kevin March: Yes Jim. Our goal is not necessarily to try to optimize that mix, per se. I would say that, if you look inside of personal electronics as an example, we'll look for places where we can find sustainable revenue with a differentiated position. And if you look at some of our largest customers that we sell products into, we'll sell several hundred devices into those customers and those products could be anywhere from $0.75 down to $0.05 and oftentimes, they may have lives that live from one generation of a product to another. So those are the types of opportunities that we try to look for in a space like Comms Equipment. Now certainly, from an incremental investment profile, if we had an extra $1 to spend and we had an opportunity to spend that in either industrial or automotive those products in general just tend to have longer life cycles and better characteristics. So that may see an increase in investment. And then lastly, I would just add that those two markets I think have the secular trends that you are well aware of. So we'll benefit from that as the rest of the industry will and of course, we hope to benefit disproportionately from those investments.
Kevin March: Yes Craig, I would say we're probably quite a ways off before we even have to entertain a question like that. Our focus for the next few years is managing the total spend inside that business and driving top line growth and frankly, if we begin to see top line growth then begin to net the kind of bottom-line results that we can see happening in other players in that space, at that point in time we might entertain increasing our spending but not until then.
Kevin March: Yes. Craig, one thing I would recommend you maybe take a look at. If you do look at those two segments, analog and embedded processing, their quarterly growth rates I think that was the point you were making. They can vary quite markedly from one another. If you look at the two of them on a year-over-year basis, they actually are much more correlated than you might expect. They're both gaining share as Dave was mentioning and are both growing quite nicely on a year-over-year basis. So if you do some measurements for those two segments on year-over-year growth rates and compare that back over the last half dozen quarters or so, I think you might be pleasantly surprised to see they grow pretty similarly to each other.
Kevin March: Well Mark, what we've talked about on debt that -- we have debt on the balance sheet today. It will be there until 2023 because that is when the last of the current outstanding bonds matures and our attitude towards debt is that it will continue to be part of the balance sheet when the economics make sense and for us, that economics making sense means that if we can borrow at interest rates that we perceive to be below what we expect our inflation rates to be or correspondingly at less than our dividend yield, then we think that's probably a pretty good deal on behalf of our shareholders and so that will be the kind of parameters that we look at, as we continue to decide how much debt to carry on the balance sheet and as bonds mature going forward. We do actually have a $1 billion of debt maturing in 2015. We have $250 million maturing in April and $750 million maturing in August of 2015.
Kevin March: Mark, I think the simple answer in my mind is it's difficult for us to find evidence of somebody in the marketplace outside of TI, who has been able to perform at those kind of levels. I think the economics are such that it'll be very attractive. It's going to be a great place for us to be in, but it probably doesn't quite get up to par of what you see in analog. I think analog is quite unique in what it can produce for companies and for shareholders who all own those companies like we do.
Kevin March: Tim, I would say that it's probably too early for us to call the entire second quarter. Right now, we're focused on first quarter. So the inventory that we've got staged today is designed to support our first quarter needs and then as we adjust our factory loadings in first quarter, that inventory that we build will be designed to deal with our second quarter needs. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect we will be ramping up our factories as we go through first quarter in support of second quarter and when we get to the end of the quarter we will find out how much inventory we're holding at that point in time.
Kevin March: Doug, as it relates to China in particular, because you've mentioned that there we've been in China for a very long time now. We have I think over a dozen sales and R&D sites there. We have both a wafer fabrication facility and an assembly test site there. In addition, we have thousands of customers buying thousands of parts and consequently, we've become a very important supplier to a large number of Chinese companies across a very diverse set of markets. So we see China as continuing to be a great opportunity for TI regardless of any of the competitive environments out there and our goal is to operate in China just like we do in the rest of the world which is to make ourselves an integral part of their success and an indispensable supplier and we've got a great shall I say, a long way -- we're a long way into that already and we feel pretty good about our position.
Dave Pahl: No, we don't try to forecast out a year on the major product lines or even at the company level. I will point out that both of those product lines turned in another year of market share gains and certainly, we're working really hard to do that for another year and we'll just have to see how the year turns out.
Dave Pahl: Yes. I think when you look year-over-year first of all, it's good to have all four of those businesses contributing to the growth. Certainly, power is benefiting from just a secular trend of things wanting to run more off of batteries and things that do get plugged in becoming more efficient. We also have a very strong product line there too. So I think that those things are helping us to gain share. We've talked about for some time, that it's not one thing inside of a business like analog or embedded processing that allows you to gain share. There is a lot of things that you have to do to be a good analog company and we've got a lot of competitors that fit that category, but we've got other things, like the scale of our -- and reach of our sales force, our presence on the web, our manufacturing footprint, the technology that we bring to bear and the breath of the product portfolio. I think it's just all those things working together.
Dave Pahl: And I'll just point out too Stacy, that that does not assume the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit that we got for 2014.
Dave Pahl: Yes. If you look back at the other segment, the first thing I would point out is, it has a calculated revenue and the seasonally strong back-to-school season happened, but in second and third quarter. So those tend to be the seasonally strongest quarter. Third to fourth, that biggest transition sequentially, of course is due to the change of that business. If you look overall, you can look at the components that fit inside of other. The first is DLP and I described that as a more steady business and one that might have some -- we've described as wild cards of new opportunities. The vast majority of that business is in front projectors today, as well as in cinema and we've got some -- what we call pico projectors or small form factor projectors that make up the revenue. But there is some opportunities inside of automotive and other embedded opportunities that could provide growth in the future. The next biggest piece of that revenue is calculators and that business has been, I would say flat maybe slightly down over time. And then royalties have run steady about $40 million to $50 million a quarter and that's probably a good thing to look and then we will have ASIC business that will transition over to EP over time. That is some business that's in communications infrastructure and we believe that that will move over. So you net all that stuff together and we think that the other segment will be flat, maybe up or down 1 percentage point, as we've described in the past.
Dave Pahl: Yes and I would also add, Vivek if you look at our product portfolio like inside of microcontrollers, we've got two architectures there where we'll introduce new products with new interfaces and meet new standards, inside of that. A lot of our competitors will have half a dozen or a dozen, different architectures where they've got to spread their R&D investment over. So we can be very efficient with that. And in addition if you remember, as part of the wireless restructuring, we brought over those connectivity products that really already had a pretty significant investment in those wireless technologies. So we're supporting nearly a dozen different wireless standards today and that group is really focused on growing the top line rather than having to develop baseline technologies.
Dave Pahl: And even more specific than that I think if you backed out legacy wireless, you'll see that it's actually been fairly stable, as a mix. So that change in percentage is more driven by the strategic decision to exit that one portion of the business.
Dave Pahl: Yes, Joe. We continued to refine our understanding of our customers and markets and we've got better tools and software. So if you go out to our web now, you'll actually see two years of history that we have out there, as well as the identified sectors that those markets made up.
Dave Pahl: Okay. Great. Thanks for that question, Doug and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to talking to you again on our February 4 Capital Management Call. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
