David Pahl: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Rafael Lizardi, TI's Chief Financial Officer, is with me today. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti.com/ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the earnings release published today as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more complete description. I'll start with a quick summary of our financial results. Revenue for the first quarter increased 13% from a year ago. Demand for our products continue to be strong in the automotive market and continued to strengthen in the industrial market. Personal electronics also grew compared with a weak year-ago quarter. In our core businesses, Analog revenue grew 20% and Embedded Processing revenue grew 10% compared with the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin increased in both businesses. Earnings per share were $0.97 which included an additional $0.08 discrete tax benefit not in our original guidance. With that backdrop, I'll provide details on our performance, which we believe continues to be representative of the ongoing strength of TI's business model. In the first quarter, our cash flow from operations was $795 million, and we believe that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is most important to maximizing shareholder value in the long term. Free cash flow for the trailing 12-month period was $4.2 billion, up 11% from a year ago. Free cash flow margin was 30.7% of revenue, up from 29.5% a year ago. We continue to benefit from our improved product portfolio that is long-lived and diverse, and the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, the latter of which includes our growing 300-millimeter analog output and our opportunistic purchase of assets ahead of demand. We believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it's productively invested in the business or returned to owners. For the trailing 12-month period, we returned $3.8 billion of cash to owners through a combination of dividends and stock repurchases. From a year ago, Analog revenue increased 20% due to growth in all three product lines, power, signal chain and high volume. Embedded Processing revenue increased by 10% from a year ago due to growth in both product lines, processors and connected microcontrollers by about the same amount. In our other segment, revenue declined $57 million from a year ago, primarily due to a move of royalties to OI&E, which Rafael will explain later. Now I'll provide some insight into this quarter's revenue performance by end market versus a year ago. Automotive demand remains strong with most sectors growing double digits. Industrial demand continued to strengthen with broad-based growth. Personal electronics grew compared with a weak year-ago quarter. Communications equipment grew slightly from the year-ago and sequential periods. And then lastly, enterprise systems declined. We continue to focus our strategy on the industrial and automotive markets, which are where we have been allocating our capital and driving initiatives. This is based on a belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest growing semiconductor markets due to their increasing semiconductor content, and that they will provide diversity and longevity of products which translates to a high terminal value of the portfolio. Rafael will now review profitability, capital management and our outlook.
David Pahl: Yes. I definitely, as we stated in the opening remarks, that we saw our demand for our products in automotive continued to be strong. And so like you said, we've built that business across a very diverse set of sectors. And in fact, we've got five sectors inside of automotive. So it's diverse not only in the products that we sell into, but it's diverse across customers, across geos. So we feel very good about our position in automotive. And then over the medium and longer term, we think that our pipeline of designs continues to be very strong. And if you look at the average content in a car today, I think most people would put it somewhere between $350 and $400. That's roughly about 1%, or a little more than 1% of the sales price of a car. And I think a lot of analysts inside of a 10-year timeframe have that moving somewhere closer to 2%. So that's we continue to invest in it, and we're really pleased with the position that we've developed so far.
David Pahl: Yeah, Stacy, in the capital management update, if you remember, we talked about the fact that we've put in place about $8 billion of 300-millimeter capacity. Last year we had, as you stated, about $2.5 billion, so we're in a great position to be able to support growth. And essentially, we've been releasing for sometime now really probably going back to 2010, almost all of our new Analog products to 300-millimeter. So there's some exceptions to that, of course, on some older technologies that don't make sense to do, but the vast majority of them have been released there. So as you think about the Analog business growing, you can think of that incremental growth essentially being built on 300-millimeter. And if you look at last year, that came pretty close to what happened. So we had about $300 million of growth, so it's very consistent with that. So, thank you, Stacy, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yes. So orders were up 14% year on year to $3.5 billion. They were up about 2% sequentially. And I think from a lead time standpoint, our lead times have remained stable. And just as important as that, our on-time delivery metrics also remain very high. So our shipping to our commitments that we make to customers remain very high. So with that said, we do have some isolated process and package combinations where lead times have stretched, but we've worked very aggressively on those. So we're very pleased with where we are to be able to keep ahead of demand. Well thank you, John. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yeah, thanks. That's a great question, Amit, and thanks for the opportunity to comment on it. You know, I think that the great thing that we've been trying to do, or the thing that we've been trying to do and why we're happy with the results, is that our automotive business isn't just built on just either infotainment or an ADAS business. It really is broad based. So when we look at kind of the order of the sizes of those business, the infotainment is the largest. Safety systems is the second, followed by advanced driver assist systems, then power train, which includes hybrid and electric and then body, electronics and lighting. So, and if you dive into any one of those areas, it's not dominated by one technology or one product. And we've got more than half of our 60 to 70 product lines that ship products into the automotive business. So we're very diverse from a product standpoint. We're also very diverse from a geography standpoint as well, so we're really seeing a benefit and additional revenue growth from all of the geos. So thank you, Amit. And we'll go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yes, and I'll just add, Chris, like you pointed out, we had a little over $13 billion in revenue last year. We've got just under about $6 billion of open 300-millimeter capacity. We have open 200-millimeter capacity inside of that footprint. So we've got plenty of room to grow for some time. But like Rafael said, if we had the opportunity tomorrow to buy another wafer fab or make a large purchase and it was at the right price, we'd make that move, because it is an asymmetrical bet. So thank you, Chris, and we'll go to the next caller please.
David Pahl: Yes, so I'll resist the temptation to bore you and run you through those. But if I just take one like Medical, as an example, that sits inside of there, there's literally hundreds of end equipment that will sit inside of medical. And if you think of at the high end, there may be a magnetic resonance imaging machine that may sell for millions of dollars, and then all the way down at the other end, you have a blood glucose meter that may sell for less than $50. So we actually have over 100 different end equipments that will sit inside of a sector like medical, and as we make investments, we look to funnel those investments, not just in one area like something like factory automation and control, as an example. We really want to funnel those investments on a very broad basis. So thank you, David, and we can go to the next caller, please.
David Pahl: Yeah, Tore, the comment was around the quarter that we reported, and we've seen industrial strengthen now for a number of quarters in a row. Our guidance for the second quarter, we just provide the top level and EPS. If there is anything that's unusual going on in an end market, we always provide that color to be helpful. And we haven't had to provide that obviously for second quarter. So thank you, and I think we've got time for one more caller, please.
David Pahl: Okay. Well thank you all for joining us tonight and a replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
Rafael R. Lizardi: Yes. Thanks for the call. I'll handle that one. On OpEx, everything came in about as expected. What I would tell you, the way you want to think about OpEx, high level, we've talked about our model where we want to run OpEx between 20% and 30% of revenue and in stable markets at the lower end of that, the lower half. And that's exactly what we've been doing for the last couple of years. And in fact, on a trailing 12-month basis, we're just below that. So as you think forward, you should model us along those lines. If you're thinking kind of on a tactical level first to second, I would remind you that second quarter does have three months of higher pay and benefit raises versus only two months in first quarter. So you may have some of that played in kind of similar to what happened last year, maybe a little less than that.
Rafael R. Lizardi: Yes, we are – well, I'll answer our inventory days and then I'll let Dave comment on the disti channel. But we're comfortable with our inventory days. It's well within our range. Always remember inventory days is a backwards looking metric, so what we have it there for is to support growth. And the other key point to remember is as we have focused our strategy more on industrial, automotive and on catalog type of parts, the risk of obsolescence on this part is really minimal. So it makes sense from a longer-term standpoint to have that inventory available to support revenue growth.
Rafael R. Lizardi: Yes, I'd be happy to comment. The update is no change. It's the same strategy for M&A. We looked at – we're always considering options and looking at things, but it has to be an opportunity that is focused on industrial, it's focused on automotive, catalog type of parts, Analog catalog. So it has to be a good strategic fit from that standpoint. But then the other component that has to be there is that the numbers have to make sense. So when we have both of those combinations, then we are willing to move forward on considering that further.
Rafael R. Lizardi: So the change in royalties was included in our guidance, meaning that the royalties were in other income and expense, just like how they came in in results. And on a go-forward basis, they will stay in other income and expense. So for modeling purposes, you can look at how that other income and expense line came in and then model it similar to that on a go-forward basis.
Rafael R. Lizardi: Yes, sure. As you think of the company on a go forward basis, the biggest driver of our gross margin is revenue, revenue growth. And that's what we're focused on industrial and automotive. Those are the best opportunities that we have ahead of us because of the constant growth of semiconductors in those spaces. Now, beyond revenue growth, then we have 300-millimeter manufacturing, the efficiency of our manufacturing, particularly with 300 millimeter. As you probably recall from the capital management strategy, I walked through why 300-millimeter is such a competitive advantage, and that's because the cost of the chip is significantly less. In fact, it's 40% less at the chip level than on 200-millimeter. So what that translates to is not just higher gross margin but more importantly, higher free cash flow, And then free cash flow per share that we can return to the owners of the company.
Rafael R. Lizardi: Well, I'll give you some color and then I'll let Dave chime in. But, we think of our strategy, as stated in the capital management strategy for many years, is that we want to add capacity well ahead of demand. And that's because this is an asymmetrical bet. This capacity we can buy. When we buy that way, we can buy used equipment and we can buy it at pennies on the dollar where the carrying cost is minimal but the upside potential is tremendous for the reasons that I talked about earlier and the great fall through that we get to free cash flow. So we're thinking longer term, 10, 15 years out when we're making capacity decisions.
Rafael R. Lizardi: The way I would comment on that is, we have said before that our revenues fall through between 70% and 75%. So if you do that math on a sequential basis, you'll get somewhere close to where you need to be.
