Kevin March: John, I would say that – if you take a look at that on the website, you'll see that it’s down a little bit year-over-year, and really what's going on there is the wind down of the legacy wireless. That's really the handset and the tablet space is coming down. We'll continue to be engaged in personal electronics, make no mistake about it. The biggest difference is that we'll be driving a lot more aggressively with our catalog products as opposed to custom products. And on the historical basis, the catalog products tend to have a much longer life to them and a much better margin profile to them than custom products do. So there won't be any overt change to our approach to personal electronics. It will just wind down on its own because of the wind down in legacy wireless, that was the biggest driver of that.
Kevin March: Doug, we haven't made an acquisition in a couple of years of any meaningful size and we've pretty much wound up the, if you will, the synergistic opportunities of that consolidation about a year ago now. So, there's not really much in the way of synergy as it relates to acquisitions going forward. What we're doing on this restructuring is just part of an ongoing exercise that we've actually done for a long time. They're usually of a smaller level, in this case, a little bit larger. But that's really looking at where we're spending our research dollars and looking at the market opportunity that those products from that research spend would go into. In this case, we've got some of the markets have matured or about to mature, which means, we don't need to have as many teams designing new parts for it or in other cases, we may have invested in certain markets where we had anticipated better growth and return opportunities. But those initial expectations have since been changed for a variety of reasons. So, there's really no acquisition synergies that I can think of to suggest to you. This is just really an ongoing process of dealing with the reality of market changes over time.
Kevin March: Chris, on the costs savings, again, we anticipate by the end of the year we'll be at about $130 million annualized cost savings as we exit the year. About 65% of that will probably be an R&D, about 20% in SG&A and about 15% in cost of revenue. As it relates to revenue there should be no impact on revenue. We're not eliminating products, we're not discontinuing products. These are products that have very long lives. What we're really dealing with here is that the rate of change in those markets have matured now in most cases and it no longer makes sense to continue to invest or invest as heavily as we have because there's just not growth window there.
Kevin March: Stephen, on the inventory, we just closed the quarter at about 112 days of inventory, which is consistent with the model that we have for ourselves of carrying between 105 days and 115 days. And specifically, if you look at our balance sheet, you'll notice that during the fourth quarter, we drained our work-in-process and our finished goods increased somewhat. That's just reloading the factories to meet the lowered outlook that we had in the fourth quarter. We do expect in the first quarter to begin to reload the factories as we go forward. Inside that 112 days is the strategic inventory that you were talking about, which is our products that have long shelf lives, and we've been building that up for a couple of years now. And we'll continue to manage that at about these current levels.
Kevin March: Tim, let me go ahead and comment on that for Ron. The first thing to remember about OpEx is that it'll seasonally go up in first quarter. If you look over the last three or four years and just compute an average, you can see that on average we've probably got about 4% fourth quarter to first quarter. And you can expect an increase again in this first quarter as we start out 2014. As we flow through the year, the cost savings that we talked about as a result of the restructuring actions will begin to show up in the second half of the year, and by the time we leave the year, we'll have – we'll be at about $130 million annualized savings rate at that breakout that I mentioned earlier across R&D, SG&A and cost of revenue.
Kevin March: Well Jim, I'll comment on that. I can't specifically that we're managing servers by itself. We are looking at the entire compute space, notably hard disk drives for example. And noting what's been going on in total demand for hard disk drives and managing accordingly to what looks to be a secular decline as you pointed out Jim in that space. And so we've been adjusting our investment levels in that technology development and our staffing levels and so on to meet what we believe as a smaller market going forward than what we've seen in recent years.
Kevin March: Jim, I'd say it's more the first, not the latter. That is, when we take a look at potential acquisitions, we look real hard at the numbers and we've got to be able to make sense of the numbers. Namely, we’ve got to be able to get a return on that investment that exceeds our weighted average cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe, which we define as three years to four years. So, if we can't get past the numbers, then we just simply step aside and wait for an opportunity to come at a later date. So, really a numbers driven analysis as we look at M&A.
Kevin March: Yes, Ambrish, I'd probably just say, on a macro level, looking at the total economy, the U.S. economy clearly seems to be stepping up its growth, Europe appears to have stopped declining, and it appears that China has stabilized, and those are three big economic regions of the world. So you’ve got to feel better about that at this stage, starting 2014 than we did 12 months ago starting 2013, with the uncertainty we're all staring at in those three economies. And then again, a bit more tactically to what Ron was talking. If you look back a year ago, the sum of analog and embedded processing was 74% of TI, today it's 82%. A year ago, analog and embedded processing were down quarter-over-quarter, 9% on revenue in fourth quarter and flat year-over-year. Fast forward to this year and not only is analog and embedded processing bigger in percent and it's also bigger in dollar terms, it was only down 5% quarter-over-quarter and is up 12% year-over-year. So, we've got real momentum going, as we move into 2014. So, you take the macro look, you take a TI specific as the portfolio is finishing its restructuring, and you got to feel pretty good about how we're going to start 2014 and what the year might hope for us.
Kevin March: Tore, I do wish I had a crystal ball to help out with that particular question, but like you, I'm lacking on that right now. I would say that we would expect that the exercises are going to be lower next year than they were this past year. But I would also just put aside any concern about that because frankly, we just use the cash proceeds from those exercises to buy back shares. So it doesn't really impact what we've been able to do to share count for our stockholders. I believe in early March, we're going to have -- as Ron mentioned, we're going to have a capital management strategy update and that will be a really good time to ask some of these questions. I'll take you a little deeper into some of what we're thinking on, on where we're going with capital management at that time.
Kevin March: Yes, but I'd say, going forward, you're not going to be getting that from us anymore, Tore. The CapEx guidance that we’ll give you simply is a band that we talk about around our revenue, meaning that our target is 4% to 7% of revenue, on any one year. And we expect that – given the size of our manufacturing footprint today, we don't expect to be pushing above the lower end of the range. In other words, probably more around 4% of that range of revenue, until we hit about $18 billion of revenue. So, from a CapEx guidance, that's how I'd suggest you -- you'll hear the modeling from us going forward, and not a specific number. And on R&D, frankly we're reaching a point now where it's pretty stable and it should probably just kind of grow with paying [ph] benefit increases over time and with the top line revenue growth over time. So, based upon that, we're not going to be providing R&D guidance going forward. You'll be able to just take a look at our results and it'll be pretty straightforward for you to model that going forward.
Kevin March: Well, Vivek, I think that there is a number of opportunities in front of us that we've got going on here. You've seen some pretty strong growth rates that we just talked about in the areas we've been focusing our attention on for a number of years now: analog and embedded processing. We talk about the fact that we're returning 100% of our free cash flow, that’s what we use for debt. But we also have a plenty of room to grow with very little need to spend that much more to grow and I'm talking specifically about our manufacturing footprint. If you take a look at the very cost-effective factories that we've put into play over the last couple of years and the low-level of CapEx that takes for us now to keep those factories going, the incremental margin and cash flow opportunity from those factories is extremely attractive. In addition to that, we've just got the overall growing space in industrial and automotive which tend to be not only quite long-lived revenue profiles, but also quite attractive margin profiles. Again, those products run across those inexpensive factories and just help generate ample amounts of cash. So, I think from an investor standpoint, there are quite a few things to continue to look forward to, which is really our ability to continue to grow at the kind of rates that we're doing now inside the analog and embedded processing and leveraging the very inexpensive factories we put in place to generate a lot of cash.
Kevin March: Ross, you're right, I won't give you specific guidance. But I'll give you some high level things to think about. Clearly as we came through the fourth quarter, we were taking our factory starts down through the quarter. As we go in the first quarter, we're taking our factory starts up, and that’s on the expectation of a normally stronger second quarter for us. The result of that is going to be that while starts will be higher in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter, the average utilization won't really change that much. So just based upon that and the timing of moving the wafers through the factories and through the assembly test sites, we would probably see a little bit of gross margin headwind as we bring those factories back up, but not a large amount.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know about competitors. But I can say that at TI, we have not reset our exceptions downward as you might be suggesting there from a growth standpoint. I think over the last few years global GDP has been certainly below normalized run rate and that certainly has affected our industry as well. But our view is that the markets that we serve being analog and embedded processing will likely grow on a unit basis. And frankly, from a revenue basis about 2x global GDP, we believe that for some time. Again, we're looking at longer term trends, not what happened over the last three years or even five years. Again, our view on that is unchanged.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay, I can do a part of that, which is the historical view. I don't think we want to try to extrapolate into a forecast for 2014. But let me just start with fourth quarter '13, and again, this information really is coming out of the database that I just grabbed we've put together for our new market framing. But again, fourth quarter, most end markets were down sequentially. The biggest driver of our revenue decline though was a seasonal decline in calculators. I think as we said before, that was half of the sequential dollar decline in the fourth quarter. Outside of that, personal electronics declined the most, followed by enterprise systems and industrial; and all three of those areas declined at single-digit percentage rate. Automotive and communications equipment were each about even sequentially. Just a little more color on some of those areas. Industrial, we saw strength in appliances and industrial displays, but that strength was offset – more than offset actually by broad-based declines elsewhere. In enterprise systems, really we saw weakness or declines there due to servers. And in personal electronics, we saw declines in TVs, gaming, and printers, and we saw strength sequentially in tablets. Moving to the full year 2013, industrial for TI, this is based for our revenue was up 7% that was driven by factory automation, building automation, appliances, medical and motor drive. Automotive was up 14% for TI in the year, driven by infotainment systems, as well as advanced driver assist systems and safety. Personal electronics revenue was down 18%, due to mobile phones and tablets as we wound down our legacy wireless business, followed by much smaller declines in other areas of personal electronics. Communications infrastructure for the year was up 4%, driven by both wireless infrastructure and enterprise switching. Enterprise systems for the year was down 8%, driven by servers and projectors, and then calculators declined 3% for the year.
Ron Slaymaker: Again, calculators will be typically flattish in the fourth to first transition. That's their typical seasonal pattern anyway. The only area that we really said we expect an additional decline is in legacy wireless where it will go from $54 million in the fourth quarter to be essentially gone in the first quarter. I think we described that already. Outside of those two areas, we don't really have comments in terms of end market trends that we expect to evidence in first quarter.
Ron Slaymaker: Well, we'll see how our 2014 rolls out. I guess for starters based on the WSTS data that's been released through November, we believe we actually gained a small amount of share in analog. And by the way, I should note if we just look over the last few years, I guess I have data since 2009 in front of me. On average, we've gained analog share at probably 30 basis points to 40 basis points on average per year. We've gained in every one of those years. And the range has been pretty broad, I mean there were some years where we may be, I'll say, 10 basis points of gain and other years during that time period where we've gained over 100 basis points. So, I would say it's not necessarily a smooth curve in terms of market share gains, but at least it's consistent from the standpoint of what we believe we've gained share every year. And it's our expectation and our intention to continue doing that, including 2014. By the way everything I think I just said there, I could also apply to embedded processing. Although I would also say that embedded processing probably in 2013, our share stepped up a little more strongly in embedded processing than it did in analog last year. But again, market share is important to us. Everything I've also described about our market share gains was on an organic basis, so it's not comprehending acquisitions and the impact of National anything like that, but again we've been gaining share consistently and we expect to continue that. I guess, that was your follow on, Tim. Operator And we will go to Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Ron Slaymaker: And I think, Tore, the other one I would comment on is, we've also historically given annual guidance for depreciation. But again given that depreciation is so gapped these days from CapEx and frankly, it's a multi-year lagging indicator versus our CapEx trend. So, it just doesn't seem to us to be an especially useful number and from a guidance standpoint and clearly you guys can go up and make some assumptions of what that may be just given what our capital spending trends have been.
Ron Slaymaker: So, Vivek, let me make a couple of other comments. I think a lot of our long-term oriented investors clearly looked through the wireless transition, frankly, even over the last few years into what TI was becoming, and that was the value proposition for them; a company focused on very diverse markets of analog and embedded processing that didn't require a lot of capital, that generated a lot of cash and then, as you pointed out, they liked management's commitments to return that cash to them. I would kind of take a different view from what you described with some of the other investors because investors – a lot of investors I've talked to last year, the year before, the year before, the response was, give me a -- we like what you're doing in wireless, give me a call when you're out of it and that no longer represents a headwind for your growth. So, for investors that have been sitting on the sideline, because of the concern that wireless represented such a significant headwind to growth, I think the value proposition for them is clear. It's no longer there and the growth that we've been producing in analog and embedded is no longer going to be an obstacle for top line growth and for a lot of those investors, that frankly our growth hasn't screened very well in the past, that's not going to be an issue going forward. So, just my two cents' worth on that topic.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. With that, my clock shows that it is 5.30. So we are going to wrap up at this point. I'd like to thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website and good evening.
