Kevin P. March: Yes, Glen, I think what you're going to see with legacy wireless declining by about $90 million next quarter, that lower-margin revenue is going to be displaced by higher-margin revenue with the form of Analog and Embedded Processing to get the bigger piece. In addition, with our growing backlog and a higher revenue expectations for the quarter, we'll be utilizing more of our factory capacity. So as you kind of run through all that, I talked a moment ago about our operating expenditures, we'd expect to be down a couple of percent over -- quarter-over-quarter and restructuring and acquisition costs to be about $100 million in the quarter. So you squeeze that math on through and you'll see that our gross profit margin will continue to increase, as it has this last quarter.
Kevin P. March: Jim, if I heard your question correctly, I think you're asking what our plans were for factory loading in the back half of the year versus the first half. Clearly, our loadings have been stepping up. Second quarter was higher than first, and we would expect third quarter to be higher than second on the basis of our growing backlog. Beyond that, we don't have enough visibility to really comment on what the fourth quarter might look like. And so we'll wait another 60 to 90 days before we comment on that. Okay, Jim, thank you.
Kevin P. March: Stacy, you did a good job citing the answer I would have given you to that question as to what's driving that increase in gross profit margins. You're exactly right on those points. We're probably seeing utilization with the mix improving quite a bit, and we're beginning to see the early signs. Third on that list will be some of the savings from the closure of those 2 older 6-inch factories that we talked about. But I think that it's probably a toss-up between mix and improved utilization that we see going on there. And I think as we move forward after that, it's really going to be -- mix is going to be impacting favorably our gross margins as we keep moving forward. Okay, Stacy. Thanks for your questions.
Kevin P. March: Well, the kind of the high level OpEx guidelines that we have offered to the investor community is that we would expect to be operating with OpEx between 20% and 30% of revenues. I mean, clearly, what that would mean is that in periods of lower revenue, we'll be higher percent. In periods of higher revenue, lower percent. More specifically to your question as to cost trends, as I've mentioned earlier, we stepped up investment quite a bit over the last couple of years, mainly in the microcontroller portion of Embedded Processing and also in the overall sales footprint that we have on a global basis. I would expect as we look out over the next year to 2 years that, that rate of investment increase is going to slow down considerably as we begin to get revenue leverage off of that investment. So as we look forward, I would expect revenue growth to probably pretty -- provided we've got growing markets and a growing global economy, I would expect revenue growth to outstrip our OpEx growth by a fairly sizable portion. Beyond that, I won't be any more specific. But I think that you can really take that to say as we expect our overall bottom line results to continue to improve as you've seen these last few quarters. Okay, thank you, Ross.
Kevin P. March: John, we gave those kind of guidelines a number of years ago when we made the decision to discontinue further investment in our baseband portfolio so that we could at least give the analyst community and investors a sense as to what to expect this portfolio to be able to do. And clearly, we're beginning to see those results play themselves out. What we have talked about here in the last few quarters, in fact, even started talking about probably a year, 1.5 years ago at our analyst meeting is really a focus on cash flow. And what I would really tell you to think about is in terms of what our objectives are is to be converting 20% to 25% of our revenue into free cash flow, which, as you've heard us mention several times now, we intend to return 100% to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks less any amount that we have to use for debt repayment. So that's sort of the bottom line is our cash flow objective on this. And I expect that the actual margins in vehicle, they will fall out, they will be richer than we've historically had in the past just by virtue of the construct of our portfolio. But I won't try to offer any new numbers as to what we think target numbers are on those because we really don't want to set ourselves at that kind of limit. We're really aiming at maximizing free cash flow for our shareholders.
Kevin P. March: Ambrish, we won't disclose who it was we entered into that transaction with. I would just mention again, it was further efforts on our part to try to monetize those prior investments in that technology. What we transferred was their -- a right for that buyer to use that technology, including some tangible deliverables that we provided to that particular buyer. It's a nonexclusive arrangement. It allows us to fully use the technology just as we have in the past, and importantly to continue to pursue the market strategies that we have for that, which was really to take that technology into places where it's beginning to emerge in the -- I think, the common term is the Internet of Things, but to more and more different areas where we're finding wireless connectivity kind of technology being useful and emerging.
Kevin P. March: Yes, I would say, Ambrish, perhaps what you're beginning to see here, that remember that that's really -- SVA has a lot of its revenue going through the industrial channel, as well as the automotive and clearly, those markets have been doing well. But importantly, the industrial, it means a lot of customers, including a lot of small customers. And that's where the benefit of an extremely large sales force plays in versus what national could have done on its own in the past. We simply didn't have the sales force scale to be able to reach out to as many customers. So I think the combination of nice growth in the markets in which it's in and the fact that we're able to get that products out to a lot more customers in those spaces are coming together to help us see some nice growth in that. And then overall, that's just better commercial terms with customers. You may recall that they had previously gotten themselves into a little bit of hot water with some customers where they were no longer welcome on designs. And we've been welcomed back in. And those -- some of those designs are, in fact, already beginning to turn into -- some of those all already turning into incremental revenue.
Kevin P. March: Sumit, we haven't been providing a projection on that, but they were a little bit less than $100 million in the quarter...
Kevin P. March: Sure, Mark. The way that works is as we have met the requirements of the agreement that we signed late in the quarter, it was a recognizable event. And therefore, it was recognized into earnings. The payment terms were such that we don't expect to get paid on the majority of that until this quarter. So in fact, exactly what you said is what'll occur, it -- because it's in net income, it's taken out on the prepaid line and other assets, so that appears to be a use of cash. And in fact, it will reverse itself when we move into the third quarter because we, in fact, had already received the payment that was due in the third quarter.
Kevin P. March: Tore, we are still holding our forecast for the year at about $500 million. We, as you pointed out, spent $97 million this quarter and we spent about $84 million last quarter. You may recall that we did announce that we were acquiring an assembly test site in Chengdu, China. And, of course, that will require some cash in the second half for us to go ahead and close on that transaction. But I expect that we'll still stay in our $500 million, inside that overall budget for the year. And then going forward, again, for modeling purposes, I would expect us to be at above 4% of revenues going into CapEx, up to $18 billion of revenue, at which point in time, that may change. Although I would also point out, it is our objective to keep watching for inexpensive capacity and to the extent that we can get that and extend that $18 billion ceiling for variable prices, we will be very opportunistic and open to that strategy.
Ron Slaymaker: Oh, Glen. I don't -- I'll let you try to extrapolate what we've done year-to-date out and into the fourth quarter. Clearly, with the legacy wireless down as significantly as it will be in the third quarter, and we've said before that we expect it to be pretty much 0 by the time we get into 2014, that variable was pretty much filled in for fourth quarter. But you can make some estimates on what the rest of the revenue could look like to make the assessment of whether we're going to be up overall without legacy wireless.
Ron Slaymaker: So, John, since that was your follow-up question, I don't believe you're on the line. Let me ask and, in fact, answer the natural follow-up to your follow-up, which is, okay, so with free cash flow margin objectives of 20% to 25% and just reporting 24% for the trailing 12-month period, are those objectives, in fact, something that should be reviewed? And I guess the way we look at that -- now, I'm going to answer part of the -- of your question. The way we look at that is that at current levels, we're now operating in the top 15th -- 1-5, top 15th percentile of the S&P 500. And that really just reflects the strength of our business model. And so do we -- is 20% to 25% the right number going forward? The way we will evaluate that is if we get to the point where we're consistently performing above that level, we'll then consider whether we should change the range, but right now, our margin objective as a corporation is to convert 20% to 25% of revenue to free cash flow, as Kevin said. So, John, thanks for those great questions.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't have bookings. I think we said in prepared remarks that the inventory declined and yet -- so that actually, at an absolute dollar basis, went down to a little under 5.5 weeks -- I'm sorry, let me start that over. From a -- an absolute dollar standpoint, distributor inventory was stable. From a days, it went down about 1 day to below 5.5 weeks in the quarter. Okay, Chris. Thank you.
Ron Slaymaker: But let me just add, Ambrish, you recall that when we announced that acquisition, we said the entire basis on which we're going to generate a return on this acquisition is based on revenue synergies that we thought possible, not really cost synergies. I mean, there were some cost synergies, but they were minor compared to the revenue synergies that we thought were possible through our combination. So it's absolutely -- I'll understate it and call it encouraging to see those revenue synergies coming through, coming through at the rate they are and on the timeline they are. So really good news from our perspective there. Okay, Ambrish. Thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: I think obviously, this is just different cross currents in distribution and that customer base than what we have overall and what we have associated with our direct business. So I wouldn't -- I mean, I think we clearly understand it. But I guess I would say it's really just to be very customer-specific in terms of -- I think what you're really asking is why were resales growing slower than TI's revenue overall. And I would just say it tends to get customer-specific that I don't want to get into. Also keep in mind, our overall business benefits from the lift that we see in calculators. And again, that would be TI revenue as opposed to the resales and then also some of the market-specific things. But again, it gets somewhat market-specific but also customer-specific there. Okay, Sumit. Thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: When dollars are flat, does that mean resales equal sell-in? Not necessarily, because it depends upon what distributor was -- the distributors were doing with inventory in the prior quarter. So for example, if -- you just have to play with the numbers. But if they were reducing inventory one quarter, they held that inventory flat the next quarter, you could see resales trend -- resale growth trend well below our revenue growth as revenue, kind of call it snapped back to the way it was shipping out. But there's not always a direct -- what do I say, there's not always a direct alignment between revenue growth or shipment into distribution and what they're shipping out because it varies based on what they've been doing in terms of adding or depleting inventory. And clearly, with us having customers -- I'm sorry, distributors converting to consignment, that can impact us as well because the impact of a consignment conversion is the -- is basically they're depleting inventory and depleting at a lesser rate as we go forward.
Ron Slaymaker: I don't know. I had resales about -- let's see. We said resales were up 3% (sic) [5%] . Off the top of my head, I don't have -- I don't -- I have sell-in, actually it was up just slightly more in that a couple of points more than that is what it looks like. Okay, thank you, Mark.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I have a couple of comments here. So industrial, I guess, you've -- we've seen from what we're saying already, that market continues to recover. I would say in general, customers in that space are pretty hand to mouth. They're keeping inventories lean. We have not seen signs of any kind of broad replenishment there. And lead times for our products there are short and they're taking advantage of that. In terms of automotive, we've -- you've heard us say our revenue was strong. That goes across both Analog, as well as Embedded Processing. Part of that is clearly the market, the end market is strong. Part of it is TI is benefiting from design wins really in a couple of areas. One is the Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, as well as infotainment. We're also seeing new opportunities in a couple of areas, advanced radar systems. You've seen, for example, that partly the drivers there, such as blind spot detection. But we're seeing radar technology in automobiles start to get deployed much broader than just certainly [ph] considerations, much broader than just blind spot detection. Computing, no surprise there. The news flash is the overall PC market has been weak, continues to be weak. We'll see what happens when some of the new processors get introduced here in the second half, but that space has been weak. Comms infrastructure, I think I've pretty much said what I can say about that. Communications or handsets rather, the probably -- the big story for TI is just ongoing declines in legacy wireless. I think we're actually doing pretty well in the broader handset market with some of the other products we have, like audio amplifiers, et cetera. But if you just look at that market overall, it's getting, for TI, swamped out by what's happening at certain customers in terms of their own adjustments, but then also our legacy wireless trends. And then the consumer, I would just say that game consoles were weak last quarter as we have manufacturers in that space preparing for new product introductions and transitions here in the second half. Television, I would describe as generally weak. I think there's new technologies that are being introduced that hold some promise for growth there. But overall, I would say the market is weak. And that's about it. So all right, Joe. Thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. So 55% of our revenue goes to distribution now. If you look at that distribution revenue, about 50% of that is now supported by consignment. So as a proxy for your sell-in versus sell-out, officially and technically, we're on sell-in recognition with distribution. But the half of the revenue that's on consignment behaves like sell-out in that the distributors' revenue doesn't get recognized until they pull it out of that consignment hardware, out of that consignment inventory to then directly ship it to a customer. So it behaves like sell-out. Just more broadly, about 45% of our overall revenue now is supported by consignment and/or JIT programs. And so if you kind of put all that together, that means that only about 1/4 of our revenue is not on consignment or on -- or in distribution. The reason I point out is because where we have consignment, we have really good visibility into that customer's or distributor's TI inventory levels. And, in fact, for distributors more broadly, even where they're not on consignment, we know what their TI inventory is. So the point being, for about 75% of our, I'll call revenue coverage, we have pretty good insight into inventories. And when we characterize them as lean or well-managed, I guess, is maybe a different word to think of as of now, we do that with pretty direct visibility. The 25% that's not on consignment or not a distribution, we have the same kind of visibility as any supplier where that's on a normal backlog where you talk to customers, but we're not seeing it directly. But for 75%, we have good visibility and we feel good about where inventories are right now in our channels and that our customers. Okay, Vivek. Thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Again, I don't know that -- there's probably some natural inventory that goes along with getting ready for a seasonal holiday build. I don't know at this point that I would just try to distinguish between just higher demand versus inventory replenishment, especially where we have consignment. As I said for distribution, that's 75% of our revenue inventory build of TI chips. Now that's not reflecting us anything about the customers' end product inventory situation. But inventory of TI chips, there is no thing -- no such thing. Basically, we manage the consignment inventory to a certain turns level, so we take responsibility for that. Okay, Chris. Thank you for your questions.
Ron Slaymaker: Okay. I guess what I would say is from a -- just even in things like I probably mentioned mid-quarter and I probably might have mentioned earlier in this call, in areas like audio amplifiers, relatively low-profile devices, we don't -- they don't get headlined a lot or whatever, but we have a pretty strong and broad position in the handsets with those types of products. So we feel good about our progress there and position. That also being said, those markets are more vertical, they're more concentrated. And so in this kind of environment, meaning second quarter when you have big customers making inventory adjustments or whatever, they catch up that part of our business as well as all of our competitors that play into those spaces. So we did see some softness associated with that in the second quarter. The good news is, again, our exposure there is much lower than it has historically been as it is in the PC market. And so when you get those vertical markets, making those kinds of adjustments, it doesn't have the same kind of impact on TI that certainly it would have in our past. So hopefully, that answers your question. And with that, we're going to wrap up. Thank you for joining us. A replay of this call is available on our website. Good evening.
