Tim Stonesifer: Sure. Thanks, Katy. So, as far as the beat goes, I’d say, $0.02 of that was operational, $0.03 was driven by some favorable OI&E which was driven by primarily FX, and then another $0.02 was driven by the favorable tax rate, which is really just going to be a shift between Q2 -- or Q3 and Q4. Now, when you look at the total year-ago, going from the $1.40 to $1.50 up to where we are, I would say $0.02 of that was the operational improvement in Q3, which to your point, we passed through consistent as in prior quarters, $0.03 of that is the OI&E onetime benefit, but we are flowing through another $0.02 of operational improvements because we do expect to continue to execute in Q4 along with a good market backdrop.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So, again, our definition of structural is excluding everything that’s associated with the pass through of increased commodity costs. So, as you look going forward, I would expect to continue to see structural improvements, primarily given by the fact that one, we’re going to continue to attach to richer configs. And if you look at the Gen10 server mix today, it’s roughly just over 50% of the overall portfolio. So, there’s still room to grow there. So, I’d expect that to offset any unit pressure that we see going forward.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. Again, I mean, if you look at the sequential improvements overall, it was driven by those things. So, if you look at the mix improvement, if you look at some of the -- as we right size across acquisitions, as we deliver the HPE Next. So, that was in line with our expectations. Keep in mind, we did do some recent acquisitions. So, there is a little bit of incremental OpEx in there as we take that into the system. But overall, we were pleased with our margin improvements. And again, this is a plan that has been built on that. We talked about that going back to Q1 and we see nice expansion in Q2, Q3, would expect that to continue in Q4.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. Free cash flow is a tough one to model because of the complexity of the balance sheet and the timing. So, I mean, the way I would think about it, as we’ve discussed before, when you look at this business and you go back the last couple of years, and ‘18 is no different. The first half of the year, we consume a lot of cash and the second half of the year we generate a significant amount of cash. And the profile has been pretty consistent, if you go back to prior years. And that has a whole host of reasons. But, I would just -- I think the trends that we’re having are consistent. If you look at Q3, we generated $751 million. So, we’re now, if you look at quarter to date, it’s $70 million for the year. So, between cash earnings and then some continued improvement in our cash conversion cycle, we ended Q3 at negative 23 days. We’d expect to be at the high negative 20-day range in Q4, very similar to last year. So, those are kind of the dynamics. I wouldn’t expect that to really change as we go forward.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, if you look at the Americas, to your point, down 3%, if you look at tier 1, we have a significant amount of our tier 1 business is in the Americas. If you exclude that we were actually up 1%. And if you look at compute, again excluding tier 1, we were up 10% in the Americas. And if you at edge as well, we’re up 10% in the Americas. You really need to take the tier 1 into account there. But overall, we felt pretty good about our growth across all of our markets.
Tim Stonesifer: So, the core -- the 25% is related to core compute, and that was pretty consistent with what we did in Q2. So, again, I think, the best way to think about it is if you look at the structural increases, so take out the effect of the pass through of commodity cost increases that attributes roughly 75% of the price increase. And then, if you look at units in core, they were down sort of low double digits, and that’s kind of how you get to the numbers.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, listen, we’re going to give you a plenty of color on ‘19, next month at the security analyst meeting or in two months. But, here is a couple of things to think about. I mean, the levers to your point, as you look at ‘19 versus ‘18 will be very similar to what we laid out at the security analyst meeting last year. So, HPE Next that will drive some nice improvements in ‘19 from a year-over-year basis. As we continue to make progress on that initiative and we’re well on track. And that should be somewhat aligned to what we saw this year. Mix will also play impact. So, we’re going to continue to mix up and grow the higher margin pieces of portfolio. We’ve got some nice traction in ‘18, we would expect that to continue in ‘19, particularly against a good market drop. FX, you can look at the rates today and look at where we were before. That will probably, if those rates hold, that would be a headwind as you go into ‘19. So take that into account. OI&E, we’ve had a few onetime benefits this year. We had one in Q1, we just talked about one in Q3. So, I would take that into account as you look at a year-over-year view. I think rates are higher now than they were before. So, I would take that into account as well. And then, we’ll see some pressure on the tax rate, because if we come in as expected between that 16% to 20% rate as compared to the 11% rate this year that will be a pressure point. And then lastly share account, I mean share account should be favorable next year as it was this year. So, again, we’re going to give you all that color at the security analyst meeting but those are the levers that I think about.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. Again, we’re going to lay all that out at the security analyst meeting. Our view is still our normalized free cash flow is in the $2 billion range. We will not get there next year, as we’ve talked about, because we have charges related to HPE Next, which again, are critical to transforming this business and positioning us for success going forward, but we’ll give you plenty of detail at the security analyst meeting.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. We typically don’t break that out. All-flash is part of -- to your point, the overall storage, but we keep it at the overall storage level.
Tim Stonesifer: Just to give you some financial context around that. I mean, less than 5% of our total cost of sales envelop comes directly from China. So, it’s a big number, but it’s not a huge number. To Antonio’s point, after rounds one and two, we have been able to make some changes in our supply chain motion and think there is minimal risk from a financial perspective. When you look at rounds three and four, that would impact kind of the half of that 5% that I just mentioned. That’s really going to be dependent on do they go with 10% or 25%. It will be dependent on whether we can make any more changes in our supply chain motion. And the other thing to keep in mind is this is not just an HPE thing, this is an industry thing, so, how will the competition in the industry respond with regards to passing that through on the pricing front. So, we think it’s minimal impact at this stage, but to Antonio’s point, we’re keeping an eye on it to make sure we understand the changes.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, if you look at Q3, you will note that in edge that our margins were down about 510 basis points. That is primarily driven by the fact that we are investing in sales and in R&D. Again, the edge is a key pillar to our strategy. That’s going to be a high-growth, high-margin opportunity for us. And we’re going to continue to invest there. Now, what I will note is, if you look at it sequentially, they are up. So, they’re up 510 basis points. So I think they’re down 300 basis points year-over-year. Sorry. And they are up 510 basis points sequentially, which just shows you that that operating leverage and that revenue leverage is important, given the margin profile in that business.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Good afternoon, Katy. This is Antonio. So, yes, we expect to continue to grow the business, despite the fact that we continue to deemphasize our focus on that commoditized server business. And this quarter, as you can see, we grew the business 5%, and if you take the tier 1, up 10%. And the reason why it’s because obviously the demand is there. And ultimately, the strategic growth categories continue to grow at a healthy space, and we continue to gain share in this particular segment. And then, last but not least, we have made structural changes in our AUPs, and maybe Tim can reinforce that comment because he made the comment that 75% of that AUP increase was driven by structural changes.
Antonio Neri: The second question was total unit growth. So, Toni, on that one, Tim made a comment in his remarks that the total units when you add everything, it was actually down low double digits. So, it’s an improvement quarter-over-quarter. And we continue to see that moderate obviously on the growth areas that we are emphasizing. And that’s mostly driven because of the tier 1, right, as we exit, year-over-year. But we are emphasizing and growing the aspects of the other portfolio. So, I think, as we go forward we expect that to stabilize, moderate to stabilize, and then continue to drive the structural price changes that we saw this quarter, which we expect to continue.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, this quarter, we grew storage as a segment 1%. When you look with the combination of that segment plus the other platforms, including hyperconverged and composable, actually total growth is 12%. And within that also, we saw big base of storage growing 70%, because that’s the demand. So, we see the explosion of data continue. And you have to store the data somewhere. And obviously more hybrid cloud capabilities are needed going forward. And that’s the beauty about our Nimble platform, which provides cloud volume, so you can move data back and forth between on-prem and off-premises, provide an intelligent proper with HPE InfoSight. So, we expect the combination of the data growth, plus our increased productivity in our force, plus differentiation of the portfolio to continue to accelerate the growth In storage. And obviously, each sub segment of that storage segment will play differently. But we are very confident about our ability to grow storage because we have a differentiated portfolio, very autonomous in many way, self healing. And then ultimately, we introduce new platforms now, as customers get more acquainted with those platforms. We believe we have a true value differentiated offer in the market.
Antonio Neri: Sure. We are very pleased with our progress in hyperconverged. Again, we grew the total segment 130% year-over-year, which is roughly 3 times the market. Our HPE SimpliVity platform continue to grow very, very, nicely driven by the efficiency of the software defined storage that’s built into it with the industry leading HPE ProLiant server, which is the most secure server platform on the planet. In addition to our HP OneView, which is a software-defined data center infrastructure, which has significant capabilities in terms of provisioning, lifecycle management and more and more automated AI capabilities built into it. But also, let’s remember that part of the hyperconverged as we move into what we call composable infrastructure, which is a superset of the hyperconverged, continues to grow very, very nicely. In fact, we grew triple digits, and now we have 1,600 customers on it. And so, that’s a platform we are very proud of the work we have done. And again, bringing the innovation that really matters for our customers, which already are looking to deploy infrastructure that’s efficient and cloud like with the same economics and the same way to consume it. And that’s why it’s resonated with customers.
Antonio Neri: And I will say, most of the concentration of tier 1 where the bills were created and so forth, they’re all in the mostly in the North America region.
Antonio Neri: And I will say -- just a comment here. I think Tim did excellent job in articulating the financial view of this. But I have to say, I’m incredible proud of the work that we have done. We’re executing HP Next further plan and they are executing well, despite all the transformation we’re driving.
Antonio Neri: So, this was at the peak. Remember, we said this was 15% of our total compute business. And so, there’s still some way to go. And remember that there is seasonality in that business based on when that builds -- buildouts with these large hyperscale data center took place. So, we still have some business, and we are transitioning that business as we speak. But, as I said before, most of those build-outs are actually in the United States.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, this is a very complex topic. Let’s say, most of the U.S. tech firms relying on complex supply chain and HPE is not different. So, this system, call it, has been built over many decades. And we need to understand the details, honestly, it’s too early. We don’t have the full details. Obviously we are provided inputs in the right forums. And we believe there is different ways to address this problem. But, from our vantage point, we are looking at scenarios depending on where this is going to land. And once we have the details, we will let you know if there is an impact or not. But we have already kind of maneuvered through to different iterations of this, we’re able to do good job in mitigating the latest one, we still have to wait till the end of September to see what happens.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Obviously, we have a very strong platform with Aruba and which provides connectivity. But it’s also a mobile first, cloud first platform. And we -- what we are doing there is invest in security and cloud consumption based models and analytics. Those are the three big areas. And if you think about the type of organic and inorganic investments we've made in the last, let’s say 18 months with acquisition of Niara, which provides now AI security embedded in our platform, or whether it’s Cape Networks, or even RASA Network, they are all geared into that direction. So, there is to continue to expand the adjacency around the core campus and really provide the digital platform that customers are looking for. And then, on the industrial side, obviously, we see now new use cases in term of IoT applications, which customers are looking the convergence of what we call operational technologies and enterprise IT class technologies. Because ultimately, much of that data in the industrial space is analog data which has to be digitized and then analyzed. And in that space, we see the opportunity to bring what we call edge computing closer where the data is generating and yet provide [technical difficulty] for customers to deploy this new framework. So, we see that continue to grow, and it’s going to be very industry-driven and obviously very use case-driven.
