Mike Lawrie: Thank you, Meg. I’m excited about the great potential this merger brings to our people, to our clients, to our partners, and investors, both at CSC and HPE’s Enterprise Services division. And let me tell you why. Over the past few years, our two organizations have been embarked on critical turnarounds and broad-based transformations. Not everyone is aware of this but Meg and I joined our respective companies within about six months of each other. And I’m pleased to be able to say that recent years, both our organizations have been on upward trajectories with significant improvements in financial performance and in client satisfaction scores, and the progress has been real and it has been measurable. Both of our companies separated last year, within a month of one another into more client-focused pure-play entities, aimed at specific markets and core industries. And today’s announcement, the coming together of these two organizations is the next logical step, building on their progress to-date and significantly accelerating their transformation. The new company will be a global top three leader in IT services, one that’s uniquely positioned to lead clients in their digital transformations. Our organizations are highly complementary. HPE Enterprise Services has a proud legacy and brings focus and agility and the ability to drive faster outcomes for clients, along with the first rate sales organization. The CSC brings deep industry expertise, innovation and next generation technologies and an exceptional partner network among other strengths. And together, as an agile, technology independent services pure-play, we will be better positioned to innovate and compete and win against both emerging and established players. We will have substantial scale to serve customers more efficiently and effectively worldwide. We will have a highly competitive cost structure to take advantage of our distinct growth opportunities, resulting in the capital capacity to invest and grow, both organically and inorganically. We will strengthen and grow client relationships to cover more than three quarters of the Fortune 500 with less than 50% overlap across our top accounts. We will leverage a combined portfolio that will include leading solutions in areas like managed securities, cloud IT, enterprise applications, and big data and analytics, along with combined BPO leadership in healthcare, in insurance, in banking and capital markets. But most importantly, this great leap forward in our transformation will enable our people to better innovate to compete and adapt to an ever-changing marketplace. Employees will become part of a very strong and focused global enterprise that is positioned for success, one that enables them to take advantage of the diverse career development and growth opportunities of a larger global enterprise. And as a pure-play services leader, our new company will be able to operate independent of any single hardware provider, establishing the right partnerships for success. And at the same time, CSC and HPE will have long-term agreements in place to ensure that current customer commitments continue to be met and our relationship will be stronger and our collaboration deeper. Now before I hand it back to Meg, I’d just like to take a moment to thank the teams at both companies for their hard work and resilience in driving our respective transformations. Through your efforts, we are in a place where we can bring our two great organizations together. That includes our team at CSC and also the HPE Enterprise Services team under Mike Nefkens. And I’m pleased that Mike has agreed to stay with the company in a senior position, reporting to me and that he will be playing a crucial role in helping build and grow our new company. And I’m looking forward to working with Meg as a member of the new company’s Board. So, let me just reiterate my excitement about our two organizations coming together to better serve clients around the world and deliver value for our shareholders. We recognize that we’re just at the beginning of this process with a lot of work to do. By staying laser focused and working in the same collaborative spirit that has gotten us to this point, we can get to the finish line faster and in a great position to launch the new company. My colleagues at CSC and I look forward to working with everyone at HP Enterprise Services. So, now, let me hand it back to you, Meg. 
Mike Lawrie: Yes. We’ve taken a pretty deep look at this and have categorized this. So, we feel that we really have got a very actionable plan that we could begin to execute, once we close the transaction at the end of the March. So Meg, I think that number is a very strong number.
Mike Lawrie: I think that’s the real benefit as we’re going to be able to provide to our clients a wide range of solutions. I’m anxious to be able to get access to some of the investments that Meg, you and the Company have made over the last couple of years, because you’ve got some leading solutions and that all can be brought now to our customers through the sales force and the delivery forces that we have as a result of the combined companies.
Mike Lawrie: Yes, we just don’t see that much dissynergy here with the -- when we went through the top 200 accounts with less than 15% overlap. So, it’s really two different customers. And so when we think about it, it makes a lot of sense because many of our losses were HPE gains and vice versa, was mostly losses on our side. So, when you think about it, it really is truly a new market opportunity for us, and that’s why we don’t think there will be many revenue dissynergies and why there is such an opportunity to expand the business that we’re doing together.
Mike Lawrie: The other thing I would add is they are playing in a $2.5 billion ITO market today that we do not participate in. So, it may will be a growth opportunity for HPE.
Meg Whitman: Thank you, Mike. I look forward to a close relationship and what I believe will be a game changing new company in the global IT services market. Mike will stay with us during the Q&A portion of the call. Now, I’ll open it up to questions.
Meg Whitman: Well, thanks, Maynard. So, we are actually very excited about what would become a standalone Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Our focus is going to be on next gen software defined infrastructure with a world class portfolio of servers, storage, networking, converged infrastructure, hyper-converged, Helion -- our Helion cloud platform and our software assets. And you probably have guessed by now that I am now a devotee [ph] of focus. And this is going to be a laser light focused company that as I think you know is higher growth, higher margin with more robust free cash flows. And it’s going to be well-capitalized. So, we don’t necessarily think there is a need for acquisitions. But, if we find the right companies, we certainly will move. And let me just recap the kind of acquisitions that have worked well for this company in the past. Complimentary technologies that we can put through our excellent distribution and support system, so think 3PAR; 3Com; Aruba, all three of those acquisitions have been fantastic for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. And so, we will keep our eyes out for those kinds of acquisitions. Unfortunately there aren’t a lot of those around, but to the extent we see them, we won’t hesitate to move. And as Tim said, remember, our capital allocation strategy is returns based. Right now, we really think there is incredible value in our stock price. And Tim announced, we’re going to be buying back -- using a 100% of our free cash flow, in addition to half of the H3C proceeds. And we just got an increase and authorization of share buyback from our Board.
Meg Whitman: And then, Maynard, don’t forget about when we get to March 31st of 2017, the combined company of CSC and our Enterprise Services division, we announced $1.5 billion of synergies in -- on an ongoing basis, and we are really confident of that. And Mike, I might just ask you to comment on what you think in terms of the synergies of the new company.
Meg Whitman: Yes, sure. So, we are actually very pleased with the turnaround that we have executed in Enterprise Services. And I would say the time is right now, because we believe this industry actually will consolidate. And it’s better to be on the front end of the consolidation play than the bank end of the consolidation play. And while there is more margin expansion here, we actually think the ability to accelerate the turnaround of ES will happen in the combined entity of CSC and ES. And recall that our shareholders will own 50% of this new entity, so they will be party to that 50% of the synergies, 50% of the operational improvements, 50% of the synergy improvement. So, in some ways, the shareholders get the best of both worlds. They get to maintain a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise in a more focused software defined data center and edge strategy, and they get to ride the upside, half the upside that they would have gotten had it stayed with us. And my view is the upside will be bigger with CSC and ES together. And I guess the other reason is why now is the business in a good position, two years ago, we were struggling in this business; we’ve diversified the revenue; we’ve taken cost out; revenue has stabilize; we’ve developed some new product lines. And I think combined with CSC, it’s going to be a powerhouse IT services company.
Meg Whitman: So, we will not be done with the entire restructuring plan, but will be done with a big chunk of it, basically probably, I would say 60% of it, maybe almost 70% of it. And that $1.5 billion of synergy is incremental. And if things like -- between the two companies 95 datacenters. Okay, we definitely do not need 95 datacenters. Multiple offshore locations and delivery centers; we will be able to consolidate delivery centers and leverage our position in India and China and Costa Rica and other places. We will be able to leverage our selling teams that will be able to I think do more in the context of this combined entity. So, our estimate is this $1.5 billion of synergies is completely incremental and we’re probably 60% to 70% of the way through the transformation and the cost reduction.
Meg Whitman: Will be much impact at all to servers or storage or converged infrastructure or the Helion cloud platform or our software or frankly ES.
Meg Whitman: We don’t believe that that will be the case. You are right, one of the predicates of the EDS acquisitions was pull through of our infrastructure business as well as our software business. And by the way that has been realized. So, we’ve got a commercial agreement with the new company CSC ES that will keep those level of pull-through the same for three years. Now, we hope we will actually be able to do more with CSC because we haven’t really had access to their book of business, and they’ve got a very strong business. And as Mike said, they are interested in our products and software, and we have to go in and earn that business. But that’s one of the things that we intend to do. So, at a very minimum, base line will be maintained and there is an upside in terms of earning more business with CSC.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So, we are happy with the performance of the overall portfolio. You saw the growth in EG, Software grew in constant currency when you normalize for M&A. And when you think about the software defined datacenter, I’m really quite happy with the performance of the assets. So, obviously over time, we continue to ensure that we’ve got the right set of assets. Someone earlier on the call asked whether we would do M&A or some divestiture. So, we are going to continue to optimize the set of assets that we have but we are really happy with the current portfolio.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So, I’ll get Mike Lawrie to address the revenue dissynergies. I mean, he mentioned that -- we have a very small overlap of customers, only 15%, but he might talk about that.
Meg Whitman: Sure. So, actually, we’re very -- this was a very important part of the deal because the last thing I wanted to do was combine CSC with ES and then lose the infrastructure pull-through. That would not have been a value to Hewlett Packard Enterprise. So, we’ve negotiated a deal that I think is very fair. It allows CSC to continue to work with people they’ve worked with in the past, but we’ve also got a commitment from them for the next three years. Beyond that, I am very confident that the work we will do in Hewlett Packard Enterprise will earn our way to that commitment. I mean think about our server lineup, our storage lineup, our networking lineup, our wired, wireless LAN lineup, our converged infrastructure, hyper converged and Helion cloud platform, but we do have, if you will, a safety net for the next three years. But, I also -- one of the benefits of a pure-play services company is to be able to work with best of breed. And I know Mike wants to continue to do that. So, I think we’ve struck a good thing that protects us in the near term but gives Mike the flexibility he needs to do solutions that are right for his customers. On the other side of it is, we do business today with some of ES’s competitors, think about Deloitte or Accenture or Capgemini or the Indian players, and we want to continue to grow that. And they are just like -- for Mike, there is a benefit to being a pure play that will be benefit for us in terms of being, primarily a software-defined infrastructure company and software company. So, we imagine growing the business with those players as well. And by the way, this interestingly happened with the HPE, HP Inc. split. When HP Inc. became a separate company, all of a sudden, a lot of competitors who used to think they were competitors to some degree with our company, all of a sudden were very interested in the HP Inc. offering. So, we think that could happen to us as well.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So, listen, I mean part of the benefit of this transaction is focused on a smaller number of businesses that I think play into a sweet spot in IT spend. So, the objective of standalone HPE will be all about helping customers optimize and modernize their traditional IT spend, which by the way is still 88% of the spend in the marketplace, and transition to a multi-cloud environment and also deploy obviously the software assets. So, we are not giving revenue guidance and EPS guidance for the standalone company; I’m certain we will closer to March 31st. But, we expect to go at or above the market rate, as we did this quarter. I think it’s important to look at our results this quarter for Enterprise Group and Software I think they are the best indication that we’ve got a winning company here. We outgrew the market, we outgrew every single competitor, gained share in every single one of our -- against our infrastructure competitors. And I think what you have now is the Enterprise Group and Software on a roll. And the investments that we have made in R&D, the investments we’ve made in a fire in the belly sales force. I mean we have done a transformation of our sales force around not only our channel but also direct selling. And then, if you think about how we’ve optimized marketing spend over the last couple of years, we’re doing better in demand [indiscernible] digital marketing than we’ve ever done. So I think you’ve got a little power house in software defined infrastructure and software.
Meg Whitman: I wouldn’t think so, if I’m understanding your question correctly. Remember now, H3C is 51% -- in China, it’s 51% owned by Unisplendour, a subsidiary of Tsinghua. So, the CEO is a great guy by the name of Tony Yu, who is running the business -- or we have the Chairman and the CFO. But, it’s really going to depend on the momentum in that H3C business in the China market. And what I will tell you is the momentum is really good. We had a very good second quarter there, even though the transaction hadn’t closed. And I was just in China two weeks ago, and I will tell you Tsinghua is incredibly committed to this. The management team is fired up. They feel like they control their own destiny in China. And so, I can’t predict what the revenue will do there, but I’m feeling really good about our 49% ownership of business that I think there is a lot of commitment on behalf of Tsinghua and the management team to make successful.
Meg Whitman: Yes. I’ll also add, I think there is a real benefit to having done one separation. The first time you do it you get the best advice you can and you learn how to do it. This time we have this thing down to a science. And so, I think a number of the same people are going to work on this separation, and I’m highly confident we are going to be able to work off the stranded cost probably faster than we did in the version 1.0.
Meg Whitman: As I said, I think what we are doing by the announcements we made today is unlocking the value of these two companies. And remember EG, plus Software, plus our Financial Services business is a faster growing higher margin more robust free cash flow business. And I think now that with a super focused mission, we’re going to see some real benefits there. And then, obviously by consolidating CSC with ES, I think we are going to get real cost synergies there.
Meg Whitman: Sure. So, listen, it is an uneven macroeconomic environment, I think Tim said that out first. And so, different countries sort of go up and down, different regions. But overall, I think we feel very comfortable with our position in the traditional IT market and then in our ability to provide solutions in a multi-cloud environment. So, I think demand can go up and down but our objective is in whatever the market is doing, we want to make sure we at least hold our gain share and we did that in the last quarter. And I don’t think there is anything new to add as to why. First of all, I think the R&D investments that we’ve made over the last four years are paying off. So, the development cycle in servers, storage, networking, those kind of things, hyper converge, these are long term investments. What you started three years ago actually comes to market now or even next year. So, that investment in R&D is paying off. And I would tell you, a dollar spent on internal R&D is the best dollar we spend at HP, it’s fantastic. Second is, when you retool a sales force that takes some time as well. And I would say, we’re much farther along that we have been, and there is more work to do. And then, as I said, marketing, we’ve retooled on our entire demand generation, we’ve retooled -- and by the way, the launch of Hewlett Packard Enterprise gave us a chance to tell people the story of the enterprise side of this business, because prior to that if you had asked man on the street what is HP, they’d say printing and PC company. So, I think that’s actually been beneficial. And then, turn around could take five years; it’s that when I started and we’re rounding the bend into the end of the fifth year. And so it’s gratifying that we saw as reported growth for the first time in five years.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. I would say on ES, as we talked about, we feel much more comfortable at the 7% range for this year. Again, we have a lot of momentum in that business, a lot of the activities that the team has done through the transformation are starting to see through to the P&L. So, 7% and 9% is what we would have; it may be conservative. But again, we need to get some, continue to execute and there is more work to do there. So, we’re prudent at the 7% to 9%. On the EG front, margins were down about 240 basis points. That’s primarily driven by foreign exchange, some Tier 1 mix and to a lesser degree the R&D investments we’ve made. We are a little bit heavy in Tier 1 right now. If you recall, we launched the cloud line, product line where we’re seeing a lot of momentum; we launched that in the second half of last year. So, we’re a little bit heavier weighted in Tier 1; we expect that to normalize in the second half. I think margins there will be stable in the near term. And if you look longer term, we may even see some expansion or we would expect to see some expansion, as you think about further growth in Aruba, converged storage and those types of areas.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. You’ll see that in the second half. It’s about $0.05. We’re estimating most of that is from operating profit. There is some standard costs that we need to take out now that the deal is close. You will see most of that show up in the networking and a little bit in TS as well.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. So, we are reducing the guide from 2 to 2.2, down to 1.7 to 1.9, so that is a new guide for the year. And if you think about that, it’s really three components. There is $200 million of pressure from the H3C divestiture, so that does not show up in our free cash flow. There is about $300 million that are related to the separation cost now for the ES transaction. And then those will be partially offset by working capital improvement. So, we continue to see a momentum, particularly if you look at extended payment terms, if you look at just being a little bit more disciplined around payment exceptions and things of that nature. So, net-net, we will reduce the guide by $300 million. I think about it as primarily driven by the H3C divestiture. From a normalized perspective, I would say normalized would probably be around maybe 3.5, north of 3.5, 3.8, something like that.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure, yes. We do still expect to see revenue growth for the total year in constant currency. The one thing that I would say is that the growth rates will be a little bit more normalized, if you will; in the second half, there would be less FX pressure as an example. Because again, if you look at the second quarter, most of that FX pressure was driven by the hedge gains that we received in the second quarter of last year that didn’t repeat this year. So that will tend to normalize. So, we expect to grow, but it would be a little bit more muted I would say versus the first half because again the compares get a little bit tougher too as well in the second half.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, if you take our third quarter guide, we’re at the midpoint about $0.44. The primary delta versus consensus right now is really driven by the H3C transaction to your point. That’s probably about say $0.03 or $0.04. So that implies a ramp in the fourth quarter. And that’s really think about it in three ways, one, it’s typical seasonality. So, when you look at our ES business and our Software business, those businesses tend to be back-end loaded, so that will drive a lot of the improvement. The second component is around the H3C transaction from stranded cost perspective. So now that the deal is closed, there is some overhead costs that we need to take out of the system that generally takes a little bit of time, not too dissimilar to the dissynergy story we had around the separation. And then the third component is driven by the share repurchases. So, there is more of an impact in Q4 versus Q3 on the share repurchase front. So, those are really the key drivers to the ramp in the fourth quarter. But we’ve got clear plan. For sure, we need to go out and execute, but we feel good about the total year, and that’s why we held our total year guide of $1.85 to $1.95.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. I would say from a margin perspective, for sure, FX has had a factor, has been a factor, particularly if you look at the first half of the year. And that will tend to have less of an impact going forward. We do have a heavy mix of Tier 1 right now. Again, we launched cloud line in the second half of last year. So right now, when you look at our total mix from a Tier 1 perspective, it’s a little bit heavy. Again, that will tend to normalize. So, I would expect the margins in EG to be stable. And I’m not going to give margin guidance here. But again, as we continue to grow Aruba, as we continue to grow storage, that’s going to help the margin front. On the TS front, that business will also stabilize. So, we had -- we were down in revenue 1% in constant currency when you adjust for HPI transaction. But we do expect revenue growth in the latter part of the year. And the way to think about that is obviously that’s an annuity type business given the contracts. So, what we’re going to start seeing in the second half is that those negative growth orders that we had in ‘14; that’s replaced by positive growth that we saw in ‘15, that’s sees our 2016 revenue. So, we do expect TS revenue to be flat on a year-over-year basis for the total year and that will also help from a margin perspective as well.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. So, the overall separation cost will be $900 million, again $300 million of that will be incurred in 2016 and $600 million of that will be incurred -- roughly $600 million will be incurred in 2017. Again, there is no incremental onetime cash cost associated with this. We will reduce the 2015 restructuring plan by about $1 billion and that will offset the cost for here. As far as the stranded cost number, we will work those costs out through the system. I think the good news is what we’ve learned in the last separation was how to do this and do it efficiently. So, I would just say on the stranded cost piece, if I look at project planning and what have you, we have that much more clearly defined. We know who owns it and we know how that’s going to come out at the system and when that comes out of the system.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, let me just clarify. The 3.5 to 3.8; that was ‘16 with ES. And so, if you are looking to pull ES out from a normalized perspective, that’s not what I was talking about. I was talking about sort of our current guide with current separation, current restructuring, what have you. In general, if you strip out ES, I think about obviously ES has more CapEx than the other businesses from a normalized CapEx perspective. I think you could see our CapEx go down by $500 million or $600 million. That’s what we typically use for ES. So, that’s sort of how I think about it from a normalized perspective. Again, we’ll give some more color when we do SAM in October, but I think CapEx is the big driver.
