Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. So it’s obviously early days. But if they were to make some tax changes, I’d break it down into a couple of buckets. The first one would be the U.S. statutory rate. So to your point, if they were to reduce that, we would definitely benefit from that and probably provide us a little bit more flexibility maybe the level the playing field a little bit with non-U.S. multinationals. The second bucket is around the repatriation tax. So if they were to reduce that or provide some sort of tax holiday that would be benefit to us. As you know, a majority of our cash is offshore. So that would again give us some more flexibility to bring that cash onshore and make investments in the U.S.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, we would continue to implement our disciplined ROI-based approach towards capital allocation. I mean, obviously, right now, we were aggressive in 2016 with our share repurchases. To Meg’s point earlier, we returned $3 billion, which was three times our original commit. For 2017, obviously, we’re biased toward share repurchases and 2017 we commit another $3 billion. So I think, we’ll continue to work the disciplined ROI-based approach is working well for us so far and we’ll continue to operate within that framework in 2017.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So on the CCC to your point, we did come in a little bit hot in Q4. It was primarily driven through working capital improvements. And to your point about sustainability, we do think it’s sustainable, because when you look at the improvements we’ve made in 2016, in general, it’s really around three areas. So if you look at AP, for example, we went out in 2016 and we hit up all of our suppliers and extended our payment terms. So those terms should hold through 2017, and they just came in fourth quarter a little bit better, the improvement came in a little bit better than we had anticipated. If you look at AR, we really spent a lot of time this year, improving our processes, improving our line of sight around past dues, as an example. So we cut our past dues from call it 10%, down to 5%. And again, those are sustainable as you think about going into 2017, assuming we execute. And then even in inventory, inventory levels were lower than we had anticipated in Q4. Again, similar to AR, we put in some higher report – reporting, improved accountability, particularly around buffer stocking in our key commodity. So you we have plans in place, and more important, I think, we have better visibility and accountability to execute. So we would anticipate those to hold in 2017. The only thing I would say about 2017 is, we don’t guide cash flow on a quarterly basis. But just keep in mind, if you are looking at CCC, there tends to be a seasonal uplift from Q4 to Q1 and that’s primarily driven by purchasing linearity. But overall, we feel comfortable with our guidance, 2017.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. So, as far as Q4, we did see a little bit of that pressure, but not significant. But to your point, as you look, I mean, the currency environment has definitely been volatile in the last few weeks. And to your point, when you look at sort of where the rates are to-date versus where we guided, call it, mid-October, some of the rates are unfavorable. For example, if you look at the euro, the euro was at 110, and now it’s probably at 106, 107 something like that. So, given our global footprint that does put some pressure on the operations now. Having said that, it’s very early in the year and we do have some hedging programs in place. So we didn’t feel it was prudent at this stage to adjust our guide. And then in addition to that, the teams are being very proactive and very aggressive around the cost structure. There are also to your point in EMEA, we’re looking at opportunities to improve pricing to offset some of that pressure. So, I would just say this to wrap it up is, we’re keeping a close eye on the currencies. And at the same time we’re also implementing operational actions to help mitigate any pressure.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. I mean, if you look at sequentially, I mean, EG margins were up about 90 basis points in Q3 and then in Q4 up another 60 basis points. So we are seeing some improvement. If you look at total year, or if you look at year-over-year, there’s a negative 40 basis points. So one thing that you do need to keep in mind is the H3C divestiture. So that was profit. That was flowing through our profit in last year and this year, it’s flowing through OY need. So I think that could be part of the discrepancy as well.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, the stock price will go down, or will be adjusted, if you will, once we do the divestitures. But we try to take a balanced approach. So we will be buying stock back throughout the course of the year. So we just want to make sure we keep a balanced perspective on the share buybacks.
Tim Stonesifer: I would just say from a financial perspective, if you look at the Q4 equity interest, it was about $31 million. So if you recall in the third quarter that number was a little bit lower as we were running through some one-time accounting items. So we’re much more at a normalized run rate now. So we expect that to continue to improve, as we get into 2017.
Meg Whitman: Yes. Let me talk about the decline in the growth rates in the last two quarters and particularly Q4. But I would say when you look at the full-year, the company grew 2% and Enterprise Group, obviously, which is going to be the anchor of the go-forward Hewlett Packard Enterprise, grew 3% for the year. But I think, as FY 2016 demonstrated that there are challenges balancing revenue and margins in EG, and now we are going to be focused on growing overall operating profit dollars. So as you know, in the first-half, we delivered great growth. And in the second-half, while we delivered great growth, but the margins were lower than we would have liked. In the second-half, we pivoted back more towards margins focusing on the profitable deals and improving our cost structure that resulted in a quarter-over-quarter margin improvement of 90 basis points in Q3, another 60 basis points in Q4, but revenue slowed to flat in Q3 and was down 3% in Q4. So we really have – we’ve spent some time titrating, if you will, the balance between revenue growth and profitability. And so now, as I look at 2017, I think we can grow revenue and operating margins at the same time going forward. And let me tell you why I think that? First is, we need to shore up core ISS rack with improvements in the channel, improvements in quote to cash, and focus – more focused on the distributors and VARs for the volume-related ISS rack business. Second, we’ve got to continue to invest in the higher growth businesses, which are doing pretty well, high-performance compute with SGI, 3PAR all flash, Aruba, Synergy, the HC 380. And those offerings are actually growing nicely and are accretive to the overall enterprise group margins. Third, and this is one of those unintended great consequences of the separation of ES from the Hewlett Packard remaining company, is that alliances with former ES competitors like Accenture, PwC, the Indian outsourcers, they no longer view us as a competitor, and we are being integrated into a lot of their offerings that we were never integrated in before, and it’s been fascinating to me how much more traction, I think, we’re going to get with those alliance partners. And then fourth, we’re enhancing our go-to-market with a new focus on Tier 2 and Tier 3 that offer better growth at a higher margin. And then finally, as you noted in the quarter, TS has returned to growth. And this is important because of the margins in TS. Everyone knows how margin rich TS is. So even a slight return to growth in TS actually helps mitigate margin pressure in ISS rack. And then lastly, we’re continuing to optimize our cost structure. A flatter and leaner organization with lower G&A spend, tighter alignment of R&D spend to the market opportunities, and then a further improvement in our go-to-market model. So listen, we sort of titrated a bit during the year. The first-half was faster growth, lower margin; second-half of the year was lower growth, higher margin; and now we’ve got to drive down the middle of the highway for next year. And as I outlined, I think there’s real good reasons to think that’s going to be the case. With regard to networking, Aruba actually is doing really well. It was a little slower growth this quarter, because a big implementation moved into Q4. It is still driving campus switching and then, of course, now we are a reseller of Aruba, I mean, of Arista. And that – so those revenues will fall in our P&L and the margin that we make selling Arista will actually be margin accretive to the overall EG Group. So that’s why I’m optimistic about revenue growth and operating margin in EG in 2017.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So listen, I actually think your comp point is actually correct, because remember Q1 and Q2, we were not yet anniversarying Cloudline and Cloudline was a big grower for us. We also, Aruba was there as well. I would say, when you look at the market, I – and we did say by the way, we thought it was going to get tougher in the second-half. The main pressure we’re seeing is an ISS rack. A little bit in Blade, but frankly, we’re going to recover in Blades, because of synergy. But ISS rack is where the most ongoing pressure is. Hyper converged is actually growing and is higher margin than our core ISS product as is synergy, as is high-performance compute, as is mission critical systems, and of course, as is TS. So the main area that we’ve got to work on is shoring up that ISS rack, and that’s all volume-based and it’s all through the channel. So DiSTI’s, VARs, that things like our newly redone value-added reseller program and our ability to do quote the cash fast and our ability to fulfill faster than our competitors. So I would say that if we can shore up ISS rack then I’m confident in the growth rates of these other businesses that we’re now gaining real traction in. So there’s weakness in ISS rack. I think, we are not executing as well as we could and we aim to fix that.
Meg Whitman: On market growth, Toni, we’ve got sort of dialed in about 1% to 2% growth rate in servers. And remember that includes things like high-performance compute, which is an $11 billion to $12 billion market growing 6% to 8%, mission critical systems actually now growing again for us, hyper converged and converged growing as a market with the core ISS declining. So but overall to answer your question directly 1% to 2%.
Meg Whitman: Sure. Well, let me take the first part of that and then Tim you can lay in. So, listen, storage, as we said, it continues to be challenged by declines in traditional storage. But we’re seeing very solid growth in pre-PAR, overall it was up 5% and all-flash was up 100% year-over-year and it’s now $750 million annualized run rate and that excludes services. And all-flash now makes up 50% of our pre-PAR portfolio and interestingly still only comprises 10% of the data center. So we see more running room in our all-flash business. And the introduction we’re introducing new deduplication technology that should provide some further uplift in all-flash array, because there has been a gap in our portfolio. Traditional storage this quarter declined 11% and that was particularly challenged in entry storage. And I think, we introduced a new MSA offering to address the entry market that I think should benefit us going forward. So I think, you’ll see storage continued to be a strong point for us, where we’ve got that old, you’ve got traditional storage declining and the new stuff growing, but feeling pretty good about the 2017 outlook, given the strength of the portfolio and the momentum we have in all-flash.
Meg Whitman: Yes, listen, if you think about our growth strategy, honestly, it’s got four different pieces to it. And we talked about this at the Security Analyst Meeting. But obviously, it’s organic investment. Look at our 380 – HP 380, our Edge line product 3PAR all-flash, our synergy offering. The second is partnership. And actually, we’re very excited about our Microsoft Azure partnership is getting real traction, as well as our Arista partnership which is new, but actually often running, we’ve got very nice pipeline building there. And then the ones that are obviously Shaft, Docker, Mesosphere things like that. And then M&A, so it’s – I mean, Tim said it well as the return base M&A strategy. And the M&A that’s worked for us is 3Com, 3PAR, Aruba, SGI, what do they have in common? Reasonable and understandable valuations, enhancing the current portfolio, leveraging our distribution capabilities, and driving profitable growth. But we are very focused on a returns-based look at this. And as Tim said, we still think that the stock price has embedded in Hewlett Packard Enterprise today around remain go, if you can sort of pull out what you think as software is worth, what you think ES is worth. We still think there’s tremendous value in the remaining company that’s still embedded in overall HPE. So stock repurchase, and as I said, stock repurchase share buyback is – that’s where we lean towards.
Meg Whitman: We did not see that, not at all in the U.S. Actually, we saw a bigger impact of Brexit when the UK decided to leave European Union, because it actually froze purchasing quite broadly across Europe for a bit. We didn’t see that in the U.S.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So ASPs are going up, as exactly as Antonio suggested that at the Security Analyst Meeting and we expect that to continue. So Cloudline, listen, Cloudline is a pretty big business for us. And when done correctly, we actually make money on Cloudline. But we just have to be sure every deal has to be looked at on a one-off basis, which is what’s the forward pricing going to look like? Can we imagine making money at a forward pricing? And I basically said to the team, listen, we do not want to be doing negative deals here for the most part. What’s the point in telling things at loss? And so we really want to make sure that we make money on these deals and profitable deals in Cloudline is more important than market share. That said, Cloudline particularly relevant not only in Tier 1, but Tier 2 and Tier 3. The profit margins are better in Tier 2 and Tier 3. So I think Cloudline has a bright future in 2017, especially as we do a better job of penetrating Tier 2 and Tier 3, which is the sales forces all focused on. But frankly, there’s not a big sales force component to those deals. The sales force gets the leads and then it’s turned over to an engineering sale, so it has lower FSC associated with it. But Cloudline has been absolutely the right thing for us to do. We just need to continue to leverage into profit – profitable deals.
Meg Whitman: Yes. Well, I don’t, you probably haven’t heard it from us in the past five years, because really, I think, we’ve begun to understand the opportunity for compute and storage at the edge with intelligence built in in the last year-and-a-half since we owned Aruba. And our first product there, the edge line converged systems, we’re pretty excited about that, and you can start to see some real momentum in the field. But it’s early days for us. It’s early days for us. And the way I would think about it is, IoT is largely very industry vertical focus, which is why we’ve focused on industrial IoT with probably four verticals that we want to go after. And then become known for being the IT in IoT, so that you can compute and store at the edge with Vertica built in. So that’s the strategy. It’s early days. I think it is another growth leg for the company. But remember, this is early days. We were excited about it, but we’ve got some work to do to prove it out over the next year to 18 months.
Meg Whitman: One of the things, I think, that we sort of figured out probably three or four years ago is, we were probably in a strengthening dollar environment for the foreseeable future. And that was after 10 years, where currency was the wind that most businesses back. And three or four years ago that changed and it changed hard. So we have completely internalized that we have to have a cost structure that allows us to win in a challenging foreign exchange environment. And so that’s why we’ve taken the cost out of the company that we have. That is why we’re making sure that there are virtually no stranded costs left at Hewlett Packard Enterprise after software goes and ES goes. I mean, we basically by the end of this fiscal year, we’ll have no stranded costs at all relative to these two big divestitures, which for a company our size and scale is a pretty big achievement, because one of the things, I think, we’ve come to realize is the overhead structure that was required to knit together the old HP. And then Hewlett Packard Enterprise is with a pretty high overhead structure, because the diversity of the businesses we ought to be able to run much leaner and meaner and we anticipate exiting the year at a much lower overhead as a percentage of revenue than we have in the past.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So, listen, as always it’s a very competitive environment out there. And I can just sort of start at the top. I think, Cisco is aggressive, but we’ve seen some weakening in ECS and BCE. They are not as aggressive as they were probably two – 18 months to two years ago. Dell/EMC, it’s hard for us to tell how well Dell/EMC is doing, because of course, they’re not a public company anymore. But we like our win rate. We like the – we like our strategy of getting smaller and more focused, while they’re still integrating a very large acquisition. And Lenovo, we intercepted a huge amount of server volume in the move from IBM to Lenovo, and we haven’t seen them pop back yet. I don’t ever count Lenovo out, okay. So they may be just about ready to get up off the math here, but we’ll see in the next 6 to 18 months. And then we’re actually seeing some Huawei pressure in Latin America and a little bit in Europe, not in the United States, a little bit in Europe, quite a bit in Latin America, and we’re trying to basically make sure that, in my view, it’s easier to hold share than to gain it back. And so we’re making some investments in areas that they’re trying to make inroads into. So that they don’t create a profit pool from which they can leap to another country. I think, one of the advantage is, Shannon, of the separation is, people used to ask me, who is my list of competitors, and there would be 20 people on that list. This is a much smaller group of competitors, including the public cloud competitors to some degree, and we can be much more laser like focused, and in the volume business, we act very quickly from a pricing perspective, from of our broad perspective, probably much more quickly than we could have before, and that actually helps us, as we think about pricing in a particular region or a particular product line.
Meg Whitman: Well, I’ll start off and let Tim weigh in. So first of all we are thrilled that we have done this deal with Tsinghua University. It is much better to 49% of a leading player in China then owned a 100% of an American-owned subsidiary. And I think you’ve seen a lot of our competitors try to figure out how they can replicate that deal. I also think depending on what happens with the trade relations between the U.S. and China, we’re going to be thrilled to death that we are in a partnership with Tsinghua University. They are running the company as a very local Chinese company. We like their CEO. Their networking business is doing really well, and they’re integrating now our storage and server business. So we’re optimistic. They’re sort of early kinks in some ways, they’re working out running this very big company that they’ve absorbed and they’ve got some integration issues. But overall, we’re really pleased with the joint venture.
Meg Whitman: And we’re still involved in the company. I mean, there’s a Board meeting once every quarter. In Hong Kong, where we go over the plan and how we can help them be successful and learnings from the rest of the globe, and how they make that their own in a local Chinese market. So I think, it’s working as well as we possibly could have expected. And again, I got to tell you, I think, we may be very, very glad that we’re in a Chinese joint venture, as the dynamics change across the globe here.
Meg Whitman: Sure. So, listen, I would characterize this quarter as uneven global demand. But I have to say, I’ve been characterizing the last three or four years the uneven global demand. This feels like the new normal to me. There will be spots that do better, spots that are not as good as last quarter. And my view is, our performance is entirely in our own hands, yes, we’re influenced by the global demand. But I wouldn’t use that as a – as an excuse for performance or even a buttress performance. We need to deliver the innovation, continued to deliver on our go-to-market, and gain share as we have for virtually every single quarter. And so, I wouldn’t take our guidance for next year to be influenced one way or the other about the global demand. This is what we think we can do, given the environment that we’ve been into last four or five years.
Meg Whitman: Yes. So, listen, as I said before what we’re saying is in the core ISS business, there is some deterioration. What I would characterize is core ISS rack for us, other parts of the server business are doing really well. And I think that core ISS rack deterioration has a number of different things. One is in part our execution in the channel and pricing and things like that. And the second is to move to the public cloud. I mean, we’re definitely seeing some impact there offset by growth in other areas. From a 1% to 2% range, my view is from our perspective, that’s a revenue number and longer-term. And remember our revenues are holding up better than the units because of our high attach. And then also the features and functionality that we add on to those servers, whether that’s storage or whatever happens to be. So again, we look at – when we look at unit share, we look at revenue share and we also look at share profits and we are gaining share profits in this business, which is actually really important. So that’s kind of the way we think about it. So I think actually 1% to 2% feels pretty reasonable to me. We’ve got some work to shore up that ISS rack. But I think well offset by some of the other things that are really going well from an innovation perspective.
