Antonio Neri: Yes, sure. Thanks, Sherri, for the question. So we start to see a flattening of the DRAM cost. We still see what I call nominal low single-digit cost increases, but where we’re able to pass those along for two reasons. One is stronger execution in our go-to-market, more disciplined approach, and second is our competitors are becoming more rational about pricing in general. So it’s going to be a very low kind of cost increase and we feel confident we’ll pass those along. Listen, the AUPs obviously are – continue to be elevated for two reasons. One is the DRAM, right, we talked before, and two is the richer configurations, right? So the – particularly on the compute side, the compute side are really driving a significant rich configuration of memory, obviously, flash NAND, internal storage, and that’s why we see the increased AUPs. And those are not going to change any time soon also, because customers are trying to reach more efficiencies in their data centers, particularly as they deploy the private cloud. And the other one is some of these workloads demand that level of configuration, particularly as you move to AI and Big Data analytics. So that’s what we’ve seen so far.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, listen, storage performed very well, up 24% year-over-year with inclusion of Nimble and 14% organically, which is, to your point, right, we actually executed way better than last year. Last year, we had some execution challenges, particularly North America.
Antonio Neri: So, Katy, this is Antonio. I want to add the couple of things here. One is, if you go back to what we guided at SAM, right, we said 0% to 1% growth. It’s obvious we’re going to grow faster than that full-year. I think that’s one area. Second is that, we are very, very confident in our portfolio. And I think, as we continue to pivot from volume to value, we will see also an improvement there, because the growth areas we see are in hyper converged in areas like private clouds, high-performance compute and so forth. So we believe this company absolutely can grow and definitely this year will be above the guidance we gave you for the full year.
Antonio Neri: The other thing I will add, Toni, this is Antonio, is that, listen, when you look at our Q2 performers, right, we improved our Hybrid IT margins by 220 basis points in that business. And obviously, like I said before, the rationalization of platforms and options give us improved profitability on the hardware side. It is obvious that obviously a big chunk of our profitability comes from services. But let’s remind ourselves that profitability of the services business is not just attach, right, is what we call, services-led opportunities and we have pivot our portfolio quite significantly in the last two to three years and we see now the momentum in the way customers want to consume in a more subscription-based model. And that’s why things like HPE GreenLake are very important to us as well. But to Tim’s point, right, we will continue to drive that rigor and discipline in our cost structure and ultimately, the simpler we innovate in our portfolio, the easiest to go sell it to improve that, the pull-through for services and as well for the rest of the HPE portfolio.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Thank you for the question, Shannon. I mean, I’m actually very excited about AI. We see this every single day. I spent 50% of my time talking to customers. And AI is kind of interesting, because what they’re looking for is to monetize that data faster and trying to understand what they should be doing with the data from a business perspective. So AI gives you the vehicle to accelerate outcomes from the data standpoint, and we already have very strong offerings, both in-memory solutions. If you think about our Superdome Flex and as well as HPE Apollo 6500, which is an AI design platform. And so how we monetize is very simple. We provide services upfront, which is basically the advisory capability how to implement AI in their environment. And number two, how we design and implement the right solution for them. And at the core of this, we already have many, many platforms with AI embedded into it into the most solution development kits that their data scientists can go and develop using whatever tools they want, whether it’s cloud data or Horton works or whatever it is. And so this is a good opportunity for us, and also we are using AI inside our portfolio, right? So we talk about the future of Hybrid IT being adaptive and autonomous. We are leveraging those AI technologies inside our own software-defined infrastructure, an example of that obviously is InfoSight, but you’re going to see more and more of that embedded at the Edge and as well as in our cloud orchestration capabilities.
Antonio Neri: I think, you’re asking a question from the business model perspective or the financial perspective? If it’s financial, I will ask Tim Stonesifer to comment. I mean, what we see right now is, customers like the ability to consume on-prem in a utility-based model. And what that means, they want a fully integrated solution with the hardware or the infrastructure that they need with the software and the services to be able to run at a most efficient way. In many ways, as you know, we talked before how we bring that public cloud experience and economics on prem, and that experience includes the consumption-based models. So depending on the scale, we already can provide customers a very competitive solution on premises. And it’s not just infrastructure as a services, but also outcome as a services. Think about backup recover – recovery as a service, SAP HANA as a service and so forth. So we already have those solutions available and we see a significant interest and actually a significant uptick in that business. From the financial perspective, right, we have crafted what I think is a very strong and simple solution of our customers, leveraging our strength with our portfolio of financial services, which provide that embedded financing, but is a services-led orientation. And the way we financial treat them is no way – not different than any subscription-based model. But Tim, maybe you want to comment on that.
Antonio Neri: Yes, I just think that’s a factor. Obviously, FX is a challenge. And I think that’s just a factor of the contracts rolling off and given the fact that a lot of these are three-year contracts. You have some timing in there from a translation or FX perspective.
Antonio Neri: No, I think – think about it – listen, when we book the orders, right, we book at whatever the currency was at that time. But at the same time, we are booking the orders with, what I call, more favorable currency. And the mix of this is going to dictate basically what the outcome is. But we’re still confident that we’ll continue to drive the growth in this portfolio, driven by this new offerings not just the attach. And that’s why, we are very keen to continue to drive the consumption-based model that Shannon asked the question for, because that HPE GreenLake is growing significantly faster than what we are posting here as a whole segment.
Antonio Neri: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So we see good traction in the private cloud segment. We offer a multi-cloud type of solution. Obviously, we have the VMware and we have now a very strong integration between the VMware stack in our HP Synergy. We see a significant traction of Synergy with VMware in particular segments like the financial sector, where they need large deployments of large VM farms, I call it, that ultimately, they can manage significant amount of workloads. The other one is Azure stack. It’s still a little bit early. But we see good traction with Microsoft in providing the true consumption-based model on-prem and off-prem with Azure Stack and Azure cloud. We have now slightly different implementation of that, because we have better engineering integration and we already provide different type solution whether it’s HPE ProLiant or what is now with availability of HPE SimpliVity as well with the Hyper-V solution. And so – and by the way, with our offering of HPE OneSphere, we also provide an OpenStack and Docker Kubernetes environment for those customers who wants to accelerate deployment of containers. So in the end, we have one platform called HPE OneView that manages any type of infrastructure, whether it’s a traditional Tier 3 approach, converged, hyper converged and composable. And now with the inclusion of Plexxi, which we announced last week, we’ve actually now virtualized in a network and fully integrated natively that solution in all our offerings. And then with HPE OneSphere, we provided through multi-cloud in a Hybrid IT environment, where you deploy VMs or you deploy a container or even a open source type of solution. So we see the traction across them. And I think, we wrap all of that with our consumption-based model, right? And we talked about the HPE GreenLake, and that’s where the customers are very, very interested to work with us.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, as I said before, we truly believe, I believe that HPE Next will be a competitive differentiator for us, because one of the challenges we see in this industry with all the acquisition mergers and whatnot is the ability to provide an integrated experience. With the hard work we have done over the last 6.5 years and position of Hewlett Packard Enterprise clearly in the space where we can compete and win, we have the opportunity to really deliver a whole integrated new experience. And it’s an opportunity of life time. And so, listen, I’ve been in the company for 23 years. And unfortunately, I know every system, every process for good or bad, and I know we have tremendous upside, not only to improve our cost structure, but really improve our growth through better execution once we have these integrated experience. And let me give you example of that. We now – we’re going to have a simple, much better integrated partner experience with configurators. We’re going to have a no-touch, low-touch model for more the transactional side, particularly as you think about that market in the mid market and SME. We’re going to have a streamlined one single kind of platform for the supply chain, which actually improves not just the, what I call, quote to cash, but also the finance side of the execution. So there’s – but all of this translates into value both for our customers and for our shareholders, because obviously, we will automate everything we can in that execution. From the growth standpoint, again, like I said before, we are confident we will beat our guidance we gave at SAM, which was 0% to 1%. But obviously, we’re going to have tougher compares, right, as we articulated before, right, the currency is not going to be as strong as a tailwind. We have the, what I call, the acquisitions now in the full run rate. But I’m very confident in our organic growth, because our portfolio is very, very strong. So it’s going to come down to how well we’re going to execute. And we’re executing better and obviously, where we see the opportunity in terms of balancing growth with the profitability, which we just increase again on EPS.
Antonio Neri: Yes, in terms of what has been done, so we already initiated the platform simplification to your point, right? We said 26 platform down to seven and on the volume side and 27 down to nine. So we are well on our way. We’re not completely done on that, but we’re well on our way. In terms of the manufacturing side actually, we have not yet initiated the full transition, because part of this is dependant to the IT implementation. So in the back-half of this year, particularly in the latter part of the year, we’re going to implement the new SAPs instance. And with that foundation with a common data master, we’re going to move to the simplification of our supply chain in number of nodes, which the vast majority will happen in 2019. In terms of core plans, we executed much of that. We entered 2018 in terms of sales core plans, which actually is also one of the reasons why we have executed better, because you’re telling the sellers exactly what to focus on and how they’re going to get paid. And so that’s a – is a motivator in many ways and that’s where we have better execution. So very confident where we are today, but there’s still a significant amount of work to be done. And it’s a journey that we laid out for the next three years and much of this will also would be dependent on the IT transformation we’re driving, particularly on the low-touch, no-touch, which is going to come in the latter part of 2019, and that will improve again our execution of go-to-market as we continue to pivot from volume to value growth.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So as far as the $0.05 goes, I’d say, $0.02 of the $0.05 was operational. Again, we continue to perform very well, particularly in the volume piece of the portfolio that’s growing faster than we had expected. As far as why we aren’t passing more through, again, we have quite a bit of execution left in the second-half. We still have six months to go. So we feel that it’s just prudent to pass along the operational performance we’re seeing. And then obviously, we’re trying to be as transparent as we can on the tax front as we’re still working through all those changes. As far as the growth goes, yes, I think we can continue to grow. If you look at the 10% growth that we had in Q2, I’d say, about 3.5 points of that was tailwind from FX. We had a couple points of tailwind from the compares with Nimble and SimpliVity and then we have 4.5 points of execution. And I think it’s really a combination of execution, because I do think our go-to-market motion is working better. I do think that our geo model that we pivoted to this year is working very well. But we also have better markets, right? We have better – we have stronger customer demand. We have a better pricing environment, so that plays into it as well. As I look forward into the second-half, rates have moved a little bit unfavorably for us. If those rates hold, we would get less of a tailwind. We obviously lose the favorable compares. The other point I would make out is, we’re doing about half of the Tier 1 business in the second-half of the year that we did versus the first-half. So that’s about 2.5 points of headwind, no margin impact and then we have tougher compares overall. So I think, going forward, we can certainly grow, but it’s obviously not going to be at that 10% rate given the reason that just laid out.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So thanks for the question, Toni. I would just say this, I think your math is correct. You’re in the low single-digit range for the hardware businesses. I’m not really going to comment on where those are going. But again, I’ll – to give you some color, if you look at our overall margin of 8.6%, as we’ve talked about all year, we do think that continues to improve over the course of the year. And that’s really a combination of the increase cost savings from HPE Next, it’s a combination of the acquisitions as they become more and more of accretive as we continue to grow those businesses and right-size those cost envelops. And then to Antonio’s point, as we continue to pivot towards the value portion of our portfolio where we have higher margins and higher attach, that obviously gives us some great lift as well. So we do expect those dynamics to continue through the course of the year. On a normalized, if you will, basis, two or three years down the road, I think, a couple calls ago, I said, I think there’s a couple hundred points of improvement. And I still think that’s true, because, again, even as we exit 2018, we’re still going to have more HPE Next savings and will continue to pivot towards the value portion of the portfolio.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So listen, we’re still confident with $1 billion for fiscal year 2018. Q2 came in at negative $269 million, which to be honest with you, was lighter than we had expected. I think on the last call, I said Q2 would be flattish, and we basically had a higher mix of one-time payments along with some unfavorable movements and other assets and liabilities that was related to the VAT taxes. So those are more timing than anything else. But as you know, in this business, free cash flow is very seasonal. If you look at the last couple of years, we typically have negative free cash flow in the first-half of the year and then we generate a significant amount in the second-half of the year. And I don’t think 2018 is going to be any different and it’s really driven by four things. I mean, first of all, you can look at the earnings ramp, I mean, that’s reflected in our EPS guide, that’s a combination of HPE Next savings, as well as typical seasonality. So that will obviously generate more free cash flow. From a working capital perspective, we actually had a cash usage. In the first-half of the year, we’re going to generate cash. In the second-half of the year, I think, the best indicator to look at there is our cash conversion cycle. As we said in the prepared remarks, we’d expect that to end at the negative high 20- day range. That will be very consistent with where we exited Q4 of 2017 and that generates a significant amount of cash. Other assets and liabilities, we had some unfavorability in the first-half, I would expect that to come back in the second-half. Nothing has really structurally changed when you think about the balance sheet. I’ll go back to the VAT example. We should be collecting on those receivables in the second-half of the year. And then lastly is, we’re going to have fewer one-time payment. So if you look at the SAM presentation that we laid out, we had about $1.1 billion of one-time cash payments, roughly $800 million of that has been taken care of in the first-half of the year, so that provides us a tailwind in the back-half of the year. And then we will have, to your point, we will have some real estate gains in the second-half of the year. So, there’s a lot of moving parts in free cash flow, that’s why it’s very difficult to forecast on a quarterly basis. But given those comments, we feel very good about the $1 billion for fiscal year 2018.
Tim Stonesifer: No, I would just say that, over time it will improve our recurring revenue and will also improve our profitability.
Tim Stonesifer: I would say the other thing to look at in that business is the services intensity. So service intensity was up 35% in Q2, so we continue to have more attach dollars per unit.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, we’ll give you guys more color at SAM, because we’re still working through the impact in fiscal year 2018. But to your point, at the last time we guided, we said 16% to 20%. So you’re right in the middle there. Again, I’m not going to give any guidance here for 2019, but we’ll give you full transparency in October at SAM.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So I’ll answer the financial component then flip it over to Antonio. So if you look at the $250 million, I would say that probably a third of that is in the first-half and two-thirds will be coming in the back-half of the year. And as Antonio mentioned, everything that we have seen so far we’re on track to deliver that.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, it’s a little bit of both. I mean, we were carrying some excess buffer stock just to make sure that we had enough inventory to meet customer demand. And then you have to remember that we have elevated DRAM costs in there as well, so that has a significant impact.
