Andrew Simanek: Thank you. Good afternoon. I'm Andy Simanek at Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to welcome you to our fiscal 2022 first quarter earnings conference Call with Antonio Neri, HPE’s President and Chief Executive Officer and Tarek Robbiati HPE’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately one year. We posted the press release in the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE investor relations webpage at investors.hpe.com.  As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to HPE’s filings with the SEC including its most recent form 10-K and Form 10-Q. HPE assumes no obligation and does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements.  We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2022.  Also for financial information that has been expressed on a non GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details. Throughout this conference call all revenue growth rates unless noted otherwise are presented on a year-over-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency.  Finally, after Antonio provides his high level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides in our earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation can be found posted to our website and is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call.  With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.
Andrew Simanek: Yeah, so that's generally related to our comp plans where we pay out our bonus in the first quarter. So that's one of the reasons why if you look at our typical seasonality. As Tarek said, going back to fiscal year ’20, a year before, you'll generally see Q1 is always a use of cash.  Great. Well, thank you, Amit. I appreciate the question. I think operator, we have time for one more, please.
Andrew Simanek: Well, great. Thank you, Kyle for the question and everybody else participating. Antonio maybe I’ll turn it back to you for some closing remarks.
Antonio Neri: Well, thanks, Shan. So as you can imagine, I spend a lot of time talking to customers. In fact, 50% of my time is with customers and partners. And the one consistent theme is that we said in our quarter has 13 weeks and every week has been super strong. We put specific goals for our sales force every week that we track very closely. Tarek runs a very tight process on that. And we have always exceeded every week's forecast.  And the feedback is driven by the following: number one, obviously, we know digital transformation is getting stronger and stronger out there, and it's driven by the fact that you've got to digitize your process to be competitive. And number two, data continue to explode everywhere, and that means that they need more capacity to store the data, but most importantly, process that data at the pace we haven't seen before. And that's a combination of AI, analytics, deep learning at scale and obviously, a lot of compute power. The third piece, obviously, as I said in my remarks, is that the edge continue to grow very, very rapidly. And in order to transform in a digital environment, you need connectivity. Without being connected, you don't have the on-ramp through this digital transformation. Of course, customers are concerned about inflationary costs going forward. They monitor what's happening out there. And -- but in the end, I think all of this, when you balance the demand for these trends, and I talk about the trends, right, in the megatrends. And then the fact that customers want to consume more flexibly don't want to put all that CapEx to work, GreenLake is getting significant attention.  And that's why I said when I think about the future of this company, the product is HPE GreenLake. Everything gets delivered through HPE GreenLake, whether it's a connectivity through a subscription model, whether it's computer storage that you can consume elastically with data services running on top of it, whether it's the services to operate in a HPE GreenLake, HPE GreenLake is becoming a platform of choice for many customers because offers that flexibility and in an architecture that's edge-to-cloud. And that's inclusive, by the way, of the public cloud. And that's why when you see the innovation we're going to bring in the next 2 weeks, it includes the public cloud in the way we manage that. So overall, I will say, great execution by our team. Customers need more IT now more than ever. And obviously, we are doing a good job, I will say, in the quality of earnings, pricing elasticity and everything we have done, which is the results of the profitability you saw in
Antonio Neri: Sure. Well, one of the marquee customers is actually your bank, Barclays, quite interesting. They needed a partner to take them to this hybrid journey. And in their case, they have tens and tens of thousands of VMs. So in their case, they wanted flexibility to scale up and down in a private cloud environment and yet integrate the public cloud as they go forward.  So they felt that, obviously, with GreenLake, they get the best of both words, an experience and a cost on-prem that's very competitive and ability to move VMs back and forth as they need. But the reality is that, that is driven by many factors. Number one, let's start with the edge, right? So obviously, a lot of the as-a-service now at the edge is done in a subscription model. You subscribe to the Aruba Cloud Platform now inside GreenLake. And then basically, you can provision connectivity with a few clicks.  But now we are seeing growth in what we call the NaaS environment, the Network-as-a-Service, where customers don't just want the subscription, but they want the full consumption, including the hardware and services in a managed services approach. They don't want to be in what I call the day 2 of the run part. So that comes with a lot of services. And that's why Tarek mentioned the combination of software and services is increasing. If you look at the colocation or the edge, where the cloud is moving as well, or datacenter, obviously, private cloud is one aspect, is that infrastructure-as-a-service component. But a lot is also world load optimized solutions, whether it's what else like VDI or whether it's SAP-as-a-Service, or Machine Learning as a Service. So we see existing workloads and new loads also being consumed as a service in these locations. So those are the type of deals And remember, it's not just the hardware and software, it's the services that comes with it because what we're seeing our customers, and we talked about some of the previous customers as well, they want HPE to run their solution end-to-end, which the managed services piece come as well with it. So it's a combination of Infrastructure-as-a-Service, connectivity and then as well, this world load optimization with more and more management as well as a hybrid estate, which includes the public cloud. And last but not least, obviously, if you think about data. Data is a major component. Data has a gravitational force. And at the same time, they want to apply these new techniques. That's why we see a lot of growth in the AI machine lending space. Both in the enterprise space and at scale through HPC. And that's why on the HPC side, we are very, very pleased with the momentum. As we know, that business becomes a little bit lumpy because of the customer acceptances. But this year, we're going to deliver some of the most amazing systems you can imagine at massive scale, where customers can process data we have not imagined before.  So it's a combination of all things that's what resulted in 136% growth. And that's why we are very excited about the momentum. But what excites me the most, honestly, is the innovation we're going to continue to bring in the platform called HPE GreenLake. And to the question that Shannon asked me earlier, that's why it's my priority number one, because it's working, it's driving more growth in the bookings and better profitability.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. And I will start and Tarek can add on. If you go back to 2018, when I became CEO, I said that the edge is the next frontier, and we will invest in innovation over the next 40 years. We are now seeing the results of that investment because we have a unique value proposition in as-a-service model that actually is accelerating our momentum there. And you saw the numbers, right, 35% growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. This is not just a data point in the chart, there is four of them in the data in the chart that they are driving strong demand. I think the pandemic has accelerated the need for that distributed connectivity. In fact, this quarter, we announced a new offer, the Edge Connect offer, which basically gives the customer the ability to manage the workforce wherever they are in a seamless, secure, integrated way and provision their connectivity wherever they are.  But listen, the scale or the platform we have, I think is unmatched. We already have more than 120,000 customers, which are consuming more and more services. They may start with Wi-Fi. They are in LAN, now they're in WAN. That's why we made the acquisition of Silver Peak more than 15 months ago. And soon, we're going to add 5G too. So in my view, this is just a buildup momentum. And the architecture of that business is about unification of the connectivity, which makes it simpler to run, the operations, the network operations, whatever that connectivity is, the security layer, which obviously is super important and then the analytics, because ultimately what customers like about our offer is the ability to use the data that we actually can provide through the network on performance and characteristics that allows that allows them to deliver a better experience.  And when you have almost 2 million devices, there is a lot of datapoints. In fact, so you know the scale every hour, we process almost 2 billion datapoints. And that's done around the globe in 13 different geos. And that gives the ability of the customer to provide these unique experiences. But again, that comes also with an improvement in operating margins, which is 17.4%, which is actually sequentially at 650 basis points.  I think on the supply, obviously, we have been working for some time. I can tell you we are -- we continue to place orders at least four, if not five quarters ahead of demand because we are so confident about this business to continue to grow. And, we have to work through sometimes, we get a little bit better matching to what we have sometimes, we may live some orders unconverted. But on the long term, this is going to continue to be a shiny story for us.
Antonio Neri: Which is a great question because, obviously, if you look at our ARR, again, at $800 million this quarter. And our total contract value $6.5 billion and more than 64% now is software and services. Overtime, you will see the impact it has on our results, both quality of the revenue mix and quality of the earnings because as Tarek said, obviously, everything we do through GreenLake is accretive. And so that's why we are excited about the momentum we have on GreenLake.
Antonio Neri: Great question. And I think if you think about it in Q1, right? So we grew orders 20% and revenue 2%. It means that we're growing orders 10 times faster than the revenue. And so that's the simple message there. But the reality is that, obviously, we said that the supply will challenge that we see. And by the way, logistics, right, which obviously comes with other issues will be well into the second half of '22. So this is a matter of timing more than anything else.  And definitely, we said -- we feel very good about the 3% to 4% revenue, but it's going to depend to that ability to get the supply that we need in the right time, in the right mix. Remember, we have a very large portfolio. Not all orders are created equal to the point that Tarek made earlier. And then we see. Obviously, as we go through, we're going to assess what else may happen there. But definitely, it's just a timing issue at this point in time, more than anything else.  And we expect that to get better as we go along. But the message that you imply that second half will be higher, absolutely. There is no question about it. The question is how high depending on the ability to convert the backlog. I will say the backlog right now in Q1 is bigger than Q4. And Tarek and I believe that backlog has not peaked. And also remember on the backlog, we have a lot of HPC systems, which, in some cases, by the way, have already been built and delivered. But it takes several months to get it running, which basically until you run the payload and the world load and some of them need to go what I call the top 100 HCL --HPL kind of testing. You are now going to get the acceptance. So that's why, maybe a quarter, you're going to have a huge acceptance and this will happen. Well, that's will happen is the acceptance of some of the system. And Tarek talked about two systems that slipped from Q1 into Q2. So you got all these dynamics. But definitely, second half will be better and then hopefully carries on into '23 because the demand is still super strong.
Antonio Neri: Sure, Kyle. Yeah. Of course, customers are now thinking about what else they need to succeed in this new environment. Definitely, the pandemic put a halt on their expenses because, obviously, at the beginning of pandemic, everybody was in preservation mode, on liquidity. But at the same time, I think there is a component of modernization, which I call it better than refresh. And also the need to deploy these new technologies. It's not anymore about a cloud mandate. It's about what they're going to do with that data. Because cloud is just a means to the end, right? It's all about accelerating speed and agility. But what customers are looking also is what type of things they need to do with that data.  So it’s a combination of data exploring, connectivity required in this digital world and the fact that you need to stay up to these new ways to deliver IT, while the transition this journey to the multigenerational IT. Because many of these customers have a lot of complexity. They have legacy assets that they have a lot of data with applications that are not really replatform. They cannot replatform. They are older ones that, honestly, they need to, what I call, cloudify, but most importantly, we need to deploy these new technologies around data. So that's why our vision to become the edge-to-cloud platform company is so spot on. Because it's aligned to those megatrends of connectivity, cloud and data that you can consume as-a-service. And that's why the future of the company long-term is GreenLake, is that a product that drives the rest of the portfolio with higher margins and obviously, more recurring revenues for us and for our shareholders.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. So obviously, very pleased with the Q1 performance, solid start. Again, the quarter was characterized by the customer demand, very robust customer demand and very strong profitability. I think it's showing the strength of our strategy and in differentiated portfolio innovation.  I think we're very well positioned against the strengths, as Kyle just ask at the end. But obviously, we live in interesting times, right? So -- and right now, we have to be vigilant about that. Our priority is to continue to execute on our commitments and also make sure we can contribute to the society as a whole because this company has a unique value and culture.  So proud of not only what we deliver, but how we deliver. So I hope you stay safe and well. And hope to speak to you soon. Thank you for your time today. 
Tarek Robbiati: Wamsi, thank you for the questions. Yes, indeed, I'm very pleased with our gross margin performance this quarter, and we outperformed our competitors. It's pretty obvious when you look at what they have reported. And the resiliency of our gross margin is there for everyone to see and this despite the ongoing supply constraints that everyone has been facing with.  So we feel that this performance can be sustained, but the -- you have to adopt different pricing strategies across different segments. So we have to be incredibly dynamic in our compute segment that we have been, and this translates into significant operating profit margins at 13.8%, which is even higher than the long-term outlook that we put forward for that segment at SAM 2021. And in the rest of our portfolio, we have significant differentiation at the edge, in storage also in HPE Financial Services and HPC. So there, the pricing strategy is different. We take harder look at how much value can extract given that our portfolio there is more differentiated. But it's -- everyone is contributing here to making sure that the gross margins are sustainable.  Finally I want to highlight to you that as-a-service contributes and will continue to contribute in the long run to enhance gross margins. That's why we highlighted to you all on the -- in the slide presentation, the mix shift in the composition of the ARR. The more we continue to drive as-a-service growth, the better it is for gross margins ultimately.  But it's a dynamic environment. And to your point, you will see some pressure on some commodities. We feel we are well equipped with our inventory levels to withstand the pressure from these commodities. And this is why we buffered up inventory to the levels that we reported knowing that this is obviously to meet a substantial order book that is much higher than what we have experienced in prior years. As Antonio said, the demand in the quarter has been surprise us from its strength and resiliency standpoint.
Tarek Robbiati: Yeah. So I mean, the simple answer to your question on how long does it take to see an order flow into the ARR and revenue terms is this. Our GreenLake model is an appliance-driven model, where effectively you have a complete stack from standard hardware platforms with services and software on top.  And so to the extent that we have to deliver that complete stack solution, it takes -- obviously, it's important that we deliver the right hardware to be able to start to recognize the revenue. By the moment we deliver the appliance and the revenue flows based on the contract duration, and we have flagged to you and possibly to -- in prior occasions that the services revenue, which makes the bulk of the ARR with the software is recognized overtime over the duration of the contract. And the contract duration varies between 36 and up to 55-58 months, in some cases, 60 months.  And so this is why it takes time to develop the ARR. But the really important thing to note is the size of the total contract value that we have on the balance sheet. So if you really look at the contract value that we have on the balance sheet, we increased it by $500 million in this quarter, taking the total to $6.5 that will unwind in the upcoming, say, 60 months at the worst. So that's the dynamic that you have here in terms of orders versus revenue and ARR recognition.
Tarek Robbiati: Yeah. Aaron, if I can add to Antonio's answer. When we gave guidance at SAM, we told you all that we are targeting 3% to 4% revenue growth in fiscal year '22 with the second half of the year counting for more than the first half of the year. Nothing has changed to that picture. If anything, the order strength is greater than what we anticipated at SAM, and it surprised us somewhat in because -- and I just want to remind you what Antonio said in his first answer to the first question, orders have been strong for 13 weeks in Q1.  And so when you really look at what's happening on two fronts: first, on our inventory levels, we are acquiring substantial amounts of inventory to cater for the strength of the order demand. And so if you also look at what the delta is between order growth and revenue growth, as Antonio said, we're clearly not at peak backlog. That is going to continue. It bodes well for fiscal year '22 and for fiscal year '23 as well. Finally, the thing I want to highlight to you is the impact of foreign exchange rates. When we were together at SAM in October, we mentioned that we were expecting 50 basis points of headwind due to foreign exchange rates. Now obviously, the situation is slightly different. The dollar is stronger, and we expect a full point headwind of 50 basis points. But yes, we are comfortable reiterating the 3% to 4% top line revenue growth, because of the strength of the order book.  So hopefully you can see the link between orders in revenue, orders backlog inventory built up and ultimate revenue guidance that we give on a constant currency basis. 
