Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi, for the question. As we said in our commentary, we exited 2022 with a significant larger book than we entered 2022. And that demand was enduring, honestly, was better than we anticipated and remains steady, because when you look at the quarter-over-quarter, Tarek mentioned, was flat. But I think we have a point of differentiation compared to others. I think it's important to recognize. First, we have a diversity of portfolio from edge-to-cloud. And you can see some of the results in the Edge, which obviously are outstanding. I think our HPE GreenLake is unique because it delivers a true hybrid experience that you can consume as-a-service, and that's also dragging the entire portfolio. And when I talk about customers, what we see, customers continue to prioritize digital transformations. And a lot of that is driven by the need to automate, simplify, be more efficient in everything they do and also prioritize that data. The data insights to me, are an important aspect of what customers are looking for. And so, I think demand is there. I think in our case, probably it’s better balanced. You asked a question about the geos. I think the performance of the geo has been even, I mean, even across all the 10 geos that we have, and across the segments. I got this question early on, if this is just an enterprise or a small business? No, it is the 10 geos and all the segments from large to small, medium business. In terms of budget, just a month or so ago, we hosted what we call the Board of Advisory, and we have 25 customers that represent multiple industries. And the sentiment there is that they need to continue to digitize and they need to continue to ensure technology plays a vital role. And again, these are technologies in the edge, connectivity being one important aspect. The other one is obviously cloud, but cloud as an experience, not just putting data in one place is a true hybrid approach. And then these data, data-driven insights. And so we are, I think, very uniquely positioned to capture that opportunity.
Antonio Neri: And I will say, Kyle, we just introduced the Gen11 platform. And one of the key differentiation we have -- actually, we have several -- number one is our hybrid design. It was designed with hybrid in mind, meaning the solution gets deployed and managed from HPE GreenLake, whatever you deploy that. Number 2 is continued enhancement on the security side, which is a point of differentiation. And one that really is coming up is sustainability. In our new offer, we actually provide customers with ability to optimize the Compute platform based on carbon footprint and consumption, and we get them also a carbon footprint report. So that allowed them to maximize the usage of the platform while they reduce that carbon footprint. So overall, we continue to see good momentum, and we are bringing new innovation into the platform itself.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thank you, Shannon. I think a couple of things. So first of all, we ended the year with a 68% year-over-year growth in our bookings. Today, we have now $8.3 billion in total contract value. As you know, those are contracts -- can vary between 3 to 5 years. So, as you can imagine, that gives us a tremendous confidence that we will grow that ARR in the 35% to 45%. We actually closed 2022 with twice as many new HPE logos that we entered now into the 2022 year. And then the important fact is why the mix is shifting is because the Aruba business is all a subscription business. And Tarek made a comment about the automation suite, obviously, software-defined wide area network, and also the subscription to wireless or switching comes through the platform, but also the growth that we've seen in storage. Storage had a great quarter, particularly on our own IP product. That's all software defined, and that's all subscription-based. And what excites Tarek and me is the fact that in 2023, you're going to see an acceleration of that portfolio to HPE Alletra, which -- HPE Alletra had 100% growth sequential. And obviously, that comes also with an incredible attach of Pointnext OS. And also, as we drive that data protection strategy, the incremental value comes from backup and recovery and disaster recovery and ransomware offers. We have now those offers integrated into HPE GreenLake. And so that combination is what's driving the mix shift to more software and services rich offers.
Antonio Neri: So I will add, Simon, that the demand has been enduring and steady throughout the years -- throughout the four quarters in 2022. We exit the year with a significant larger order book. When I think about our differentiation, I think our Compute is differentiated because of HPE GreenLake. It's because of the experience we provide to our Compute platform. And the fact also, if you recall, two years ago, we said we are diversifying our go-to-market as well to attack profitable growth in segments where we did not participated as much, particularly more in the commercial to mid-market space. And one of the areas we saw great growth was through our channel ecosystem. And then, you couple all of that with our pricing discipline and then you get the results of unit growth and revenue growth with amazing profitability. So, I think we have that tailwind. What Tarek covered is all about the revenue side. But on the demand side, it comes to those factors. And I think Gen11 is another step in that direction, which actually gives us tremendous differentiation.
Antonio Neri: Well, as Tarek said in his comments, going forward, we're going to move away from all of these backlog orders and the like to focus on the revenue. That's why we gave the revenue guidance in Q1 because I think it's a better indicator of what we're going to see. I will say, in Q4, what we were able to incrementally convert from the backlog was mid-single-digits, or order book, as we call it now, is very, very large. And in fact, in such segments, particularly in the Edge business, the order book is now bigger at the end of Q4 than it was at the end of Q3. So, the bottom line is that we see that enduring steady demand and we'll take up the entire 2023. And honestly, I'm not sure we will ever exit 2023 to back to historical level. I don't think that will be the case. Because as good as we are trying to convert some incremental aspects of the order book as we go forward to some easing of the supply, the demand continues to be there. So, I think it's going to take a little bit of time. And I think that the order book will return to normal, I would say, historical level, once the incremental capacity comes on line. Because when we saw in this particular quarter some easing, it was because some reallocation of substrate came at the expense of the consumer business, which obviously is down but the incremental capacity is not yet on line, particularly in those older technology nodes, call it, 28, 40 and 65 nanometers, which is where the constraint is.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Toni. Let me start, and I will give it to Tarek. As we said, we gave the revenue guidance $7.2 billion to $7.6 billion. I'm not sure it's double digit, but maybe high single digit compared to Q1 2022. But in any case, that guidance includes the recognition of the remaining part of Frontier, which obviously is an important aspect of the HPC. And then the ongoing ability to convert the order book as it comes in, plus the larger order book we already have. And then maintaining a certain level of margin, obviously, which we are confident based on our pricing and operating leverage actions we have taken. So, that's where we stand, and that's where we gave the guidance. As we go through the quarter -- through the year, sorry, we felt prudent at this point in time to maintain it because of the FX uncertainty. Obviously, FX stabilizes or slightly improve, that full year guidance implies there is some potential upside. But also, it's going to come down to the supply availability, as I just made the comments early on. In terms of the free cash flow and the working capital, I will pass it to Tarek.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Let me start, and then Tarek can talk about the margins. I want to be clear, the Edge, 100% demand-driven. Has nothing to do with backlog or any of that. The order book continued to grow in this business. And we are winning. We are taking share. And the reason why we are taking share is because we have a true differentiated value proposition that’s built on three particular layers of the architecture. One is the unification of the connectivity layer with wireless LAN switching and one SD-WAN capabilities. These are both organic and inorganic investments we make over time. Remember, we did the Silver Peak acquisition. We have unique differentiation through our security layer with SASE through both organic and partnerships. And then we have a best-in-class AIOps. That's delivering tremendous value for customers to drive new experiences, to automate everything they do across the enterprise and is 100% driven by the demand at this point in time.
Antonio Neri: Well, thank you for all the questions and thank you for making the time today. I want to close with a couple of more additional thoughts. Obviously, we had an outstanding quarter, an exceptionally well-executed quarter for us with record-breaking results across key performance metrics. But when you reflect back, and this is my 20th quarter as the CEO reporting earnings, this is a combination of many things we have done over the last few years. It's not just a onetime thing. When I think about that, first and foremost, we have a clear strategy. We have been executing and accelerating and is winning in the market and is winning with customers. When you have twice a month of logos that we had at the beginning of the year, that tells you customers are entrusting their transformation to HPE. Second is, we are executing better. No question about it, and Q4 was a great example of that. Third is that the demand for our solutions remains steady. And I understand the question about, well, your competitors may have or other vendors have different views. I cannot comment on their views. I'm just telling you, after 20 quarters is what I see, and what we say we do. So in the end, we probably have to take at the face value of what we tell you, and we deliver against that. And then last but not least, in 2020, Tarek and I on Q2 2020, when the pandemic started, we came here, to the call, and we told you we're going to enact a program to reallocate resources to high-growth, high-margin areas and rightsize the Company. We believe we are rightsized going forward. And those actions are paying off, not only because we delivered $175 million net savings to shareholders but because we have now different talent in different locations that give us the confidence that we can execute the strategy. So, it's a combination of four different things we have done over and over and over. In Q4, obviously, with a little bit of easing on supply, we're able to translate all the hard work into record-breaking results, and most importantly, give us the confidence that we entered 2023 with an amazing momentum, and that's why we give the guidance that we give you. And we're going to see every quarter where we stand, but we feel pretty good about our ability to deliver and potentially even exceed those numbers we give for the full year. So, with that, thank you very much. If I don't speak to you before the end of the year, I wish you a happy holidays, to you and your families. So, thank you for your time today.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Kyle, thanks. I think you understand the trends in our Compute business really well. So, let me reiterate. We ended the year with record quarterly revenues of $3.7 billion. This is a 22% year-over-year growth at constant currency. Unit growth was 4% and AUP was an increase in the high-teens as you foreshadowed. And what's driving the demand for our Compute solutions is richer configs. Customers of all sizes are selecting our Compute solutions to run their private clouds and to power multitude of workloads, data types and applications. And Compute remains and will continue to remain a critical component of our customer transition towards modern edge-to-cloud architectures. And you're right in saying that with these results and the unit increase, our order book in Compute remains strong as we enter fiscal year '23. So, moving forward, trend-wise, what you can expect is, obviously, this level of AUP growth to come down as we'll have to pass on to our customers the benefit of ease -- pricing of commodity easing, but we feel very good about the prospects of Compute in fiscal year '23, given the order book, the fact that our products are more and more differentiated and the need for customers to continue to opt for greater configs.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. Sure, Simon. So I would say, if you refer to our prime competitor, I think some of their comments are referring to the consumer side of their operation as much as referred to their enterprise side.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. I think overall, so when you look at their results, they were, I would say, not too bad, we did much better than they did. And that is a function of many steps that we have taken in Compute. So there is Gen11 being one of our key solutions now are gaining traction in the market as customers need bigger and richer configs moving forward. Our customers knew that Gen11 was coming and they held their orders firm. So, we had no orders cancellations that are meaningful throughout fiscal year '22. And we finally got the supply that was there to be able to bring our customers to the next-generation compute environment. So, we feel very good about where we are. And to the extent that supply is there, we have a contrasting view relative to our -- what our competitors are signaling with respect to their service business.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Well, thank you, Antonio, and thank you, Toni. So, our free cash flow for fiscal year '23 is going to be driven, obviously, by our earnings, but also reduction in restructuring expense, and you will observe already between '21 and '22 when you have a chance to look at our 8-K filing that restructuring expense is dropping quite considerably. And that trend will continue in FY23 relative to FY22. And the third variable to our free cash flow calculation is working capital, right? So far, inventory levels have reduced between Q4 and Q3 in the amount of approximately $400 million. We believe that inventory levels have peaked and we're going to work through our order book to continue to deliver on these orders and therefore, this will reduce our inventory levels. At the same time, if the demand remains as steady as we're seeing it, we'll probably need to continue purchases moving forward. So, I feel comfortable at this stage with the guidance we gave you on free cash flow of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion, $2 billion at the midpoint. Let's see how the year plays out, and we will think about giving you more color on how much free cash flow we can generate within that guidance or possibly more.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So, thanks for asking the question, Aaron. You know that we have posted in Q4 an operating profit margin in Compute at 14.7%, which is the highest it's ever been, and it's higher than the outlook we guided you all at SAM, long-term OP margin in Compute of 11% to 13%. And the reason why we have that difference is that we believe as supply continues to ease, there will be the need for us to adjust our pricing down to continue to grow the business moving forward. So, the level of -- at which the AUPs are at today will come down as we pass on the reduction in costs from commodities, DRAMs in particular. We're starting to see some of this, but it's early days. And what's a very, very important Compute on the way up, just like on the way down, is to be extremely reactive and dynamic with our pricing. And we have now the ability to do so globally to push changes in our list prices through our ERP system over a weekend, it needs to be to react to changes in commodity prices and what we're seeing in the competitive environment. So, we remain with our business unit of Compute and the management team there extremely focused on competitive pricing dynamics because for us, it's really critical as we foreshadowed to you that we maintain scale in Compute and continue to capture the lion share of the value in the industry, which we are doing today.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So, let me elaborate on what Antonio said with regard to your portion of the question that pertains to operating margins. Our operating margin for the Edge was 13.3% in the quarter. It was up annually by 2.4%, right? It was down sequentially 3.2%, but it was up annually 2.4%. I think here, you have a mix effect that is at play between as-a-service offerings and NaaS offerings that play a role in the way the margin fares in the short term. It obviously -- if we're entering the NaaS market, that is because we expect to see the margins -- the gross margins of NaaS to improve over time. So that is one factor. The other factor that has affected the margins very short term, very tactically in Q4 is logistics costs. And I flagged that in my script, logistics cost in Aruba were higher than we would have liked. But that, again, is changing. And so, we expect Aruba to perform as a Rule of 40 company moving forward. And that's the ambition that we have in the medium to long term, which is to maintain high-double-digit growth in Aruba and operating profit margins in the mid-20s range. We're comfortable with that outlook that we announced at SAM.
