Antonio Neri: Well, thank you, Aaron. Obviously, AI is now front and center in the IT community, because of what we saw in the last couple of months. And as I said, has the potential to disrupt every industry. We cannot talk about what specific cloud, that is one specific cloud they use our specific Cray systems. But I will say, we have a bigger opportunity than that because when I think about the deployment of these large language models that require supercomputing capacity. And at that point, when you think about what we did with Frontier is how we make that accessible to every enterprise of every size. And so we, as a company, have a unique opportunity that happens every softer where there is a massive inflection point like AI and LLM, right, the large language model with a unique differentiation in our IP, which is a combination of organic assets that we built over a number of years and the acquisition of Cray. So as Tarek started sending his remarks, we are assessing what is the type of business model we can deploy as a part of our as-a-service model. By offering, what I call a cloud supercomputing IS layer with a platform-as-a-service that ultimate developers can develop, train and deploy these large models at scale. So that's why we said early on, we will talk more about that in the subsequent quarters. But we are very well positioned, and we have a very large pipeline of customers. Last week, I was in Europe, and I was amazed to see the large pipeline customers that they are demanding that. And I mentioned one specific customer, Aleph Alpha which is already coming to us to do that.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, I don't think there is one specific geography or one specific segment. I will say, as we said in the early remarks, right, the Compute business, obviously, we see a little bit more unevenness, if you will, with longer sales cycles because also they are digested all what they acquired last year, because of the supply chain and the cost rising. But when you look at the rest of the segments, as Tarek said and I said, the Intelligent Edge business, the Connectivity business, is very, very solid. And we exited once again in Q1 with an extremely elevated book of orders. HPC, we just talked about it, right? We see an amazing pipeline in front of us. We have only deployed one exascale system, and we have few to go because we are delivering all of them to the Department of Energy. And then as I said earlier, right, we have an opportunity to grow that business through an as-a-Service model. But that said, what customers are telling me is that they need a hybrid cloud experience. And we see, in some cases, repatriation of workloads on-prem, but they want the same cloud experience with the same consumption model, and that's what GreenLake does extremely well. It's a true hybrid cloud experience for low-dose overloads, where data, data compliance and cost plays a big role, and that's why we see the momentum we have. The fact that we doubled the total contract value from Q1 2021 to Q1 2023 from $5 billion to $10 billion, it tells you the momentum. What I'm really pleased is the fact that two-third of that momentum is in software and services, which means we will be more resilient as we go forward to weather some of these challenges because it's a recurring revenue. And we count in that, just to be clear, through Software-as-a-Service subscription and consumption, which is exactly the way it's supposed to be. And that's why we are very bullish about our GreenLake and the fact that we crossed $1 billion ARR, it's just a testament that we have a winning strategy.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Kyle. No, there was not a unique deal. This is the continuous momentum we have had now for a number of quarters. The book of business in this particular business segment continue to be extremely renovated. As Tarek said, we continue to gain share. And I think it's because we have a unique value proposition, which is a cloud native offer for all aspects of connectivity. We announced now the acquisition of Athonet, which we will integrate the private 5G into the same control plane. And today, we announced the acquisition of Access Security, which is the secure access secure edge at the top. And so when we think about the book of business, the incredible pipeline we have ahead of us, the execution of the team, the easing of the supply, although in this particular business, there is a little bit more constrained on the supply compared to the other businesses. We talk about a Rule of 40, and this was the Rule of 50 something, I guess. But the fact of the matter is that, as Tarek said, we expect to grow double-digits, right? And in the mid-20s on operating profit. This business is now humming and it's going to be one of the most important growth engine as we go in the future. And as Tarek said, it's also allowing us to be less reliant on the rest of the portfolio, which is very, very critical. And this comes with a high gross margin, obviously.
Antonio Neri: And I hope the market will take notice of that and give us a little bit of recognition about the work we have done in this particular segment.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Thank you, Simon. Well, first of all, let me start by saying, we have a unique strategy and a very diversified portfolio. Some of our competitors don't have the breadth and depth of our portfolio. Some of them are just playing compute and storage, some of them play just in storage, some of them only play in networking. And by the way, let's remind ourselves that one-third of our recurring revenues come from services, which is unique in our space. So we have a unique portfolio, which is incredibly relevant in the mega trends we see in the market. But we have done really well, I will say, Simon, is we brought all that unique portfolio in an integrated solution and experience through HPE GreenLake. And now the HPE GreenLake is a winning strategy for us, because it's very hard to do. One thing is to offer just a subscription model on some sort of solution. But when you leverage a true as-a-service model across all line of businesses, let me remind you, architecturally, I drove a vision with the team that everything we do, whether you consume it as a service or you consume it in a traditional way, that entire experience is delivered now to HPE GreenLake. Whether you deploy a compute node somewhere, whether in the cloud or premise or at the edge, you need a subscription to that compute node. Whether it's the storage business. Now you asked about the storage. This product, HPE Alletra and Tarek mentioned this, is the fastest product in the history of the company, has grown triple digits on a consistent basis. And you will see more announcement about this platform going forward, but it was conceived to be a SaaS-led offer. And so that's why it's fueling also the recurrent revenue as we go forward. And I think the combination of that gives the customers a unique experience instead of buying three different things for people, they can consume it all through one integrated experience. And that's why we are confident. Now on the compute side, obviously, that compute business go through their own processes and cycles, right, because we have CPUs that come on and off at different time of the year or years. But Tarek said, we have three concurrent platforms going on that gives us a lot of flexibility to attack specific customer segments with different configure and pricing. And generation 11 is unique because we address three specific needs, the hybrid cloud need, the security they need and the workload optimization. And it comes with unique technologies that actually lift the UP, because now it's more structural, because we're adding DDR5 memory, which basically means more content into the server. And that's why we believe we can manage through this transition. But, I mean, if you look at the performance of that business, it was best in class, 90% year-over-year growth and an amazing 17.6% operating profit. And when you look at some of our competitors, as a combined business, not even come to the same number we delivered just on compute.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. And as always, I mean, listen, we're going to apply the same discipline for returning capital to shareholders and continue to invest in the business at the appropriate time. But until we finish this process, right, it's just emphasizing. We have to go through the process and complete the agreement.
Antonio Neri: Thanks, Wamsi. I will answer the first part and Tarek, on the second part. I mean not enough. I mean, the fact of the matter is that we made some progress, but not enough progress against that very strong order book. And that's why we exit Q1 with 2x normal historical levels. Now, we expect that to continue to improve, obviously, throughout the years as supply continue to ease. But again, we have a good pipeline in front of us. And so the goal is to continue to fill the order book. But when you ask me about how much progress we made in Q1, not enough. If you look at our Intelligent Edge business is extremely elevated. Our HPC business, when I look about the future deliveries we have to live is always very, very strong. Storage is good, and Compute is still there. So we have work to do, more work to do. And then on FX, I think -- 
Antonio Neri: I mean, on that point, I think it's simply remarkable because we have to cover all of that $0.30 started right operationally.
Antonio Neri: The fact that, we are raising the midpoint from the $2, which included a $0.30 headwind now $2.06. It shows you that the mix of the business is going in the right direction, the expansion of the margins and the productivity we continue to drive. Despite the fact the FX actually got worse at the time. And the 550 basis point is pretty significant. So I think from our vantage point, we are doing all the right things and we're confident in that guidance we just provided to you.
Antonio Neri: No, thank you. Well, we have been in the AI business now for many years, right? So -- and we have been in the specific AI a scale business. One of the key differentiations we have in that business, actually several, right? Number one is the -- what you refer to as networking, I call it interconnect fabric. The ability to connect 40,000 GPUs at scale requires a unique differentiated fabric. That's what the Frontier system is all about. And as I think about the next generation of this, we can easily double to 80,000 GPUs because our software and our silicon scales to those levels. And so that's a unique value proposition that you don't get in the traditional commoditized cloud environment. The other key differentiation we have is the programming environment we acquired to the Cray acquisition because when you develop these AI models, you have to deploy and you have to manage it at scale to take advantage of the massive set of capabilities. That also is a unique software value proposition that's very hard to duplicate. And then last but not least, to be able to leverage all these wonderful capabilities, you have to be able to prepare the data. And the data pipeline requires a lot of work upfront because it has to be clean and compliance and all of that. And that's why our acquisitions like Determined AI and Pachyderm in particular, now allows us to automate that data pipeline. But we are not stopping there. We continue to move up and build what I call the platform as a service for developers, so they can take advantage of this automation for the data, train the models and then deploy the model. And if they need a supercomputing type of capabilities, we will be there for them. So that's why I said early on, we are a unique point in time, where an inflection in the market intersects a unique set of capabilities, which we intend to fully capitalize top to bottom. Not just on the hardware level, but all the way to the software level. And you will hear more about that as we come to the next months and quarters. And I'm really excited about that opportunity because we already have customers coming to us we need that, and they are generally enterprise customers that deploy these large case model that they don't want to spend hundreds of millions of dollars, but they want to use it as-a-Service. Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. I always appreciate, you making the time to talk to us. I know today was an incredible busy day about all the earnings being posted. But let me remind you a couple of things. I mean, first of all, today, results is not a coincidence. It's a combination of many things we have done over a longer period of time. It is the fact that we have a unique strategy, we have been consistently executing with discipline at all levels, driving cost discipline, productivity, investing organically, and inorganically to bolster our unique portfolio aligned to those trends we discussed today. We generated a record performance in the first quarter for our shareholders. It was the highest revenue quarter since 2016. We delivered the best non-GAAP operating profit and the highest ever EPS net diluted earnings per share. And I believe we are very well-positioned to navigate this uneven market. As always, there is always more work to do, no question about that. But I think we have a world-class team; a unique culture and customers want us to be there for them through this tradition. So, thank you very much, and all forward to see you at the next call or in one of the conference calls we do with you.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure. So thank you for remarking that our revenue guide at the midpoint is effectively doubling from the prior guide that we gave. The prior guide that we gave was 2% to 4%. We're now guiding 5% to 7%. So at the midpoint, it is 6%, which is double what we gave previously. And in giving that guide, we factor in a number of elements. First of all, the macro environment, second of all foreign exchange rates; and third of all, our desire to continue to invest to perpetrate the momentum that we have in the second half and in fiscal year 2024 because there's always something else that we have to think about for the end of the year, and we're not done yet. I also want to flag that we believe that commodity costs are coming down in particular areas, which should effectively come with added pricing pressure in compute, and this is also something that we have factored into our guidance. But if you really think about our non-GAAP operating profit growth. The prior guide was at 4% to 5% growth, and now we're guiding 5% to 6% growth, and we feel comfortable with the information we have on the macro, foreign exchange cetera, that our guide is appropriate.
Tarek Robbiati: I would simply add to what Antonio said, look, the edge have broken the $1 billion revenue bar. I think now we are entering a phase with all the additions that we're making to the portfolio. We're entering a phase of a new watermark level. We have built at the edge with Antonio and the management team, one of the most comprehensive portfolio of the entire industry. And it is really, really winning shares even in the largest customer segments, thanks to the Edge-to-Cloud platform that Aruba has built and that powers GreenLake in everything we do.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So thank you, Amit, for the question on H3C. We exercised the put, as you recall, towards the end of the calendar year of 2022. And we are right now in the process of agreeing the value of our stake with our partners of Unigroup. And this process is going to take a few month and it's going to -- we expect it to complete towards the end of calendar year 2023, and we feel reasonably good about the prospects. For the meantime, we continue to consolidate H3C and benefit from the dividends that we received from the company. And we are not deconsolidating H3C at this stage. It's most likely going to be the case of the end of fiscal year 2023 when that will happen. And at that point, we will advise both on the impact of dilution from deconsolidation and also the use of proceeds once we receive them. I would like to also emphasize that we continue to have commercial agreements with H3C, notwithstanding, the exercise of the put, those commercial agreements are distinct from the exercise of the put, and we will continue to generate value through those commercial agreements that we have with H3C.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. A lot of questions into one question, but I will try my best. So first and foremost, the revenue growth that we are targeting for the full year is 5% to 7%, which at the midpoint is 6%, which is double what we originally anticipated. And that is because of all the puts and takes in our portfolio and the way we see supply easing on one side, also demand continuing unevenly although across our portfolio. And if you really look at our EPS guide, one thing I would like to emphasize for everyone on the call is that we did beat the midpoint of our guide by $0.09 and $0.03 of that beat pertained to OI&E and had to do with foreign exchange gains that are not operational. We continue to view OI&E on the full year basis being an expense of US$20 million to US$40 million due to elevated interest expenses. And there is also in our guidance, the potential impact from FX volatility. And so what is baked into our guidance is just that our current view to the best of our knowledge, of the macro environment, the impact of interest rates and also the impact of foreign exchange rates that we see at this stage, knowing that things can evolve. It's also important to note that this is our first quarter. We still have nine months to go, and we want to make sure that we remain prudent in the current circumstance where the macro environment remains uncertain.
Tarek Robbiati: Oh, yes. Thank you, Antonio, and thank you, Wamsi. This gives me the opportunity to remind everybody that at SAM in last October, we flagged at least a $0.30 headwind from foreign exchange this fiscal year. Quite honestly, the headwind we have experienced in this quarter of 550 basis points is above what we anticipated. We still feel that we can attain our new guide on revenue growth and EPS, notwithstanding the current FX headwinds and but things can always evolve and this is why we remain prudent in our full year guide, with regards to revenue and EPS growth. So that 30-plus percent EPS impact from FX has risen, but we are managing it and factoring it into our new guide.
