Meg Whitman: So, the storage performance was not as strong in Q3 as we saw last quarter I think because there was a weaker margin -- I mean weaker market, but we also increased margins and we expect to take about a 0.5 point of share year-over-year in the second quarter. And I want to remind you this is the 11th straight quarter in the row that we've taken market share and revenue was down 5% year-over-year, adjusted for divestitures and the currency as traditional declined 12% more than offsetting the 1% growth in converged. So, listen, we saw a softer market and but we've introduced our new StoreVirtual 3200, the MSA 2040 that brings the Enterprise capabilities at a fantastic price to the entry market and that has been a drag for us, we haven't had a great competitive offering in the entry market and what you know about the storage market, it's moving from high end to mid to entry very-very fast. So, looking forward I mean listen, we think the market is going to continue to be soft, but -- and that will keep overall market -- our growth muted, but we continue to gain share and we're very pleased with our HPE 3PAR all-flash performance that grew 70% year-over-year. So, some work to do there, but we feel good about where we are and on a go forward basis I think you'll see us return to growth, a bit more robust growth.
Meg Whitman: People always asked us what kind of acquisitions work well HPE and I think we’ve got the formula down which is, what is complementary technology in the HPE strategy of being leading provider of hybrid IT with secured next generation software defined infrastructure. And also at the edge. So Aruba and SGI are perfect examples, complementary technology that we can put through our distribution center that really -- our distribution mechanism that really enhances value for customers. So I think those is a two perfect examples of the kind of deals you could see us do going forward. Unfortunately there aren't that many deals like that, but when they come along we'll do them.
Meg Whitman: So, let me take you all the way back to November 1st of 2015, where we separated HP Inc from Hewlett Packard Enterprise. And we very much laid out the strategy of beating a leading provider in hybrid IT both in the traditional data center, which by the way is still a robust market, it's 85% of the spend in IT today and we are the leader there and we need to continue to gain share. And then we wanted to focus on software defined infrastructure which is really the next generation of the infrastructure that our customers need. And then finally, build out our cloud platform and compute storage in networking at the edge. And that’s exactly what we have done and as we’ve laid out that strategy, we looked at our portfolio, what do we need to add to the portfolio either in acquisitions or partnerships, what do we need to divest, because those assets are non-core to the strategy, it doesn’t mean they are bad assets, they are just not -- they are not core to what we are doing. So if you take the ES transaction, listen, we are still going to be in the services business in fact 25% of the revenue of HPE will be services, it just a different kind of services business than IT outsourcing, business process outsourcing and apps maintenance. If you think about software, we are still going to be in the software business, it’s just not in application software like ITOM, it is system software like OneView and the software that powers synergy. So it is a portfolio matching to the strategy that we see our competitive advantage in. As far as, I think you asked about further divestitures, so enterprise group as currently configured, needs to stay together and I’ll tell why. My view of the market is everything is moving to converge and we have a differentiated position because we have networking storage and compute and that is not -- our two major competitors are missing a key component of that offering. So that we think is important to keep together. And then as you think technology services, technology services is the key differentiator for our company. We can help customers support, maintain advice and consult across the globe and it would be uneconomic to simply support storage only or networking only. So TS is absolutely integral. And then finally, obviously campus, branch and edge is a new growth area for the company, there is no reason that we should not own compute with the edge, there is no reason that we shouldn’t own analytics with the edge in addition to obviously a Aruba. So I think to some degree the strategy has evolved, but really quite consistent with what we laid out and a big part of what we did this past year was portfolio optimization from this strategy. So on a go forward basis, I think as Tim said well, I think you can look for more ROI based smart acquisitions like Aruba, like SJI and so I think it's entirely consistent with the strategy that we laid out a year ago.
Meg Whitman: No, I think the first answer is this is what Micro Focus does. They are pure play Software Company who is expert at managing mature software assets. And as Micro Focus will tell you, most people who work in the software business and Silicon Valley want to grow assets. And actually some of these assets should actually be maintained on a stable platform that extends the value for customers and it’s actually not what we do, it is what they do. But then you come to the question of, why did we do a spin-merge as oppose to sell the whole business? And the reason is, is because our shareholders will be able to ride the upside of what Micro Focus does. Remember our shareholders will own 50% of the new company and by the way, I will be a shareholder of that new company given my vested options and my vested RSUs in HPE. And I can tell you I will be holding those shares because I think they are going to do very, very well. And so this was a much better alternative than selling the company today on a PE multiple operating income because you get cash, but you pay taxes and then our shareholders wouldn't get to ride the upside unless they went out and took new money to buy those shares. So we thought that was absolutely the right thing to do. And I have to tell you Tony in today's world where technology is changing at lightning speed I've got to tell you the value of focus, I am seeing it every single day. And so while may be back in the day it was great to be a technology supermarket like the financial supermarkets of yesterday. What I am pretty sure of is the next four or five years is going to be all about speed, agility and focus and innovation in something that is a more narrow focus.
Meg Whitman: Sure. So what lives in our software business unit today is in fact spun and merged with Micro Focus. But we still remain in the software business, it's just a different kind of software business as I said, system software. The software defined infrastructure is all powered by software, but it's not applications software if you will like ITOM or ADM it is actually system software that powers the infrastructure of our customers. Now, you say, all right so how do we capitalize on the Big Data and Analytics? Well, first of all, we will be the leader in high performance compute with the acquisition of SGI. So, companies need to process and compute huge amounts, ever escalating amounts of data. So really the high performance compute market which is an $11 billion business growing at 6% to 8% will really be between HPE now with SGI and Cray, but many of the other competitors like Dell, Lenovo they are not in that high performance compute business. So, as people need financial services, energy, as they need compute to process all this Big Data if you will, we will be the leading player there. If you think about campus, branch and edge I think this is the next big growth area. If you think about autonomous driving vehicles, jet engines, healthcare sensors in healthcare beds and in devices, this is an area where huge amounts of data needs to be processed real time at the edge as opposed to enduring the latency of coming back to a major datacenter. So we’re going to be able to capitalize in the IoT trend by analytics at the edge and be able to compute and store at the edge. So that’s the way we’ll play in those trends, it will be different then like Vertica, which will go to Micro Focus, which is a big common or data base that processes huge amounts of data on a data base side, but we will pick-up the ability to process on compete storage and networking at the edge.
Meg Whitman: Yes. The answer of that is absolutely yes. And actually beyond that, you saw what we announced today with SUSE, where there will be our preferred partner for Linux, as well as the OpenStack Distro. And listen a lot of the software products that are going in the spin-merge will be important to us going forward. So there will be a relationship there. So let me just give you a sense, I think we’re in a great position to compete with both Cisco and Dell. So for example, actually the HPE go forward strategy will be about $28 million Company, that’s only slightly smaller than HP’s than Dell’s enterprise business and it is more focus with better innovations. I think we should just contrast our strategy with Dell. So we are getting smaller, well they’re getting bigger. And this is important, because I believe speed and agility is critical in innovation and go-to-market. The second is they’re levering up and we are delivering. We have $5.3 billion of net cash on the operating company and we’re going to have a lot more by the time we’re done with these transactions and that gives us dry powder, it also gives us the ability to return cash to shareholders. And I think it’s difficult to be levered as much as Dell is in this environment. And then secondly, we’re leaning into new technology either through our own innovation, acquisitions or partnerships and we’ve got major focused on our side. What they’re doing is doubling down in old technology and the cost take out play and listen I think, I might be quite successful for leadership team there, from a financial perspective, I’m not so sure it’s good for customers.
Meg Whitman: Sure. And by the way I forgot to address CISCO in your last question. So listen, CISCO is a good competitor, but they are missing a key element, which is storage. And as this converges, I think as in my environment converges and we look at hyper converged and on synergies, we’re innovating really nicely now, for the traditional data center as well as the software defined data center and I got to tell you a Aruba at the edge is killing it. And a 20% growth rate above our internal plan and we're just winning deals hand over fist there so, we feel really good about our ability to compete with CISCO. Okay, back to servers, so listen what's happening in servers is there's sort of core server growth, then there is Tier 1 servers which is to the big service providers and then is obviously high performance compute and the reason we did the SGI acquisition is to really stake out a great position in an $11 billion business as I said before that's growing 6% to 8%, that's very profitable for the compute itself, but also there's very high TS attached to high performance compute. Core servers around the globe are under some pressure right now, but you saw what we did in terms of increasing the margin and we're doubling down on SMB which actually is still, there's pockets of growth in that area and we're also doing workload specialization -- okay we have the best compute in the world to run SAP HANAR, it's not even close with anyone else. So, we're specializing around workloads. And then obviously there was a tough compare because of Cloudline a year ago, I mean we've just ramped up business into a multi-billion dollar business and so it's hard to compete with those compares, but we expect to continue to gain share in that market profitably. We're not in it for share-for-share stake, we don't want to take unprofitable deal, but as we continue to work on supply chain and the rationalizations we become more competitive there. And we're very mindful that ultimately there's Chinese competitors there as well and whether they're Huawei or Lenovo, it's not just Dell. So we're very aware of the cost structure we have to have to continue to compete.
Meg Whitman: I think sort of low single-digits is probably what we'll grow, it'll depend on how much Tier 1 service provider business we want to take. But I'd say what you saw 1% to 2% is probably good estimate going forward.
Meg Whitman: And I have to say that with our Enterprise Group really being now the anchor for RemainCo, we've been very conscious about making sure that we've got an overhead cost structure that is in line with the $28 billion business, that we're making changes to how Enterprise Group is organized internally, there will be savings around our OpenStack Distro with our new relationship with SUSE and then finally moving HP Labs, Hewlett Packard Labs to EG is going to tighten the linkage between downstream development and commercialization which I think is something that needs to be done. So, we're all about making Enterprise Group more cost effective as we drive the RemanCo strategy.
Meg Whitman: Let me tell you what we saw from a demand perspective and Tim can talk a little bit about our broader hedging strategy. We were not able to hedge in the quarter for the pound degradation, but what we saw was actually a pause in purchasing in the UK. Certainly the UK public sector, but the also the UK and then more broadly Europe which was, this was unexpected, a big change, let's take a pause and decide what we want to do here. And when we saw in a very market way, what I will say in the last couple of weeks we're actually seeing orders pick up again. It was almost like they took a pause and basically had to take stock of what was happening and then basically the orders have started to flow again. I mean we continue to also monitor the pricing, competitive pricing environment that we see and we adjust as necessary particularly in the channel. So the channel is where we serve SMB and that's where our ability to sort of move the pricing in response to competition, we look at that actually every single week sometime multiple times a week.
Meg Whitman: So I think a little understood element of HPE is the dramatic transformation that TS has gone through. TS as is and was a very profitable business that was largely attached to business critical systems, very profitable very high attach. I mean you didn't really sell business critical systems without a TS attach. And when business critical systems both from a market perspective as well as the Oracle Itanium situation, by all right TS should be down 25%, if you remember Shannon over the last four or five years BCS was down 25% like clockwork every single quarter for four years as growing a little bit now. But all rights TS should have shrunk with BCS and it did not. And the reason it did not was very impressive new product offering, proactive care. Other areas where we help customers maintained their datacenters state and so the fact that in as actually only been down a few percentage points over the last 12 months is a testament to the leadership team in that business. And now what you're seeing is those new productive offering are starting to get real traction. Orders have been positive for the last three or four quarters and those orders are translated into growth this quarter, not a significant amount of growth, but 1%, we’ll take it all day long because it is a very-very profitable business. So we have more work to do on Technology Services, I will tell you what is the benefit of now being a small and more focused company. Antonio Neri and I are going to spend a whole lot of time now on what is the next generation of Technology Services and whether that’s flexible capacity services that allows consumption based model, whether it's proactive care, data center care, we are going to spend a lot of time there because it is the key strategic enabler of RemainCo HPE.
Meg Whitman: I’ll just add a couple more things. When you are going to take -- we’ve been streamlining the cost structure of this company for four or five years, now we are starting to do things differently. Because you can only take out so much cost, there is only so much low hanging fruit, you have to do things differently and whether that is supply chain and logistics, whether that is how we are organized internally with all R&D under one R&D leader, whether it is putting our software defined infrastructure and our cloud offering under one leader, whether it is putting all of our go-to-market under one leader, where we have consistent go to market strategy discounting across the board. Frankly, we were much better at minimizing discounting in APJ and EMEA than we were in the United States. We now have that discipline across the company. And then finally corporate overhead we got have a corporate overhead that is designed for $28 million Company. And when we started we had a corporate overhead design for $110 billon company and then $50 billion Company and now at $28 billion Company. And I have to say I am really pleased with our ability to sort of right size the corporate overhead and be lean and mean, and that includes everything from HR, Finance, Legal IT things like real estates, systems. So we have made a lot of progress, but you will see more of that benefit I think in '17 and '18.
Meg Whitman: The other thing, I think that's important Jim is, we have come these separations that we have done today whether it was HP Inc. from Hewlett Packard Enterprise, whether its ES from Hewlett Packard Enterprise. We have come in on time and actually below budget. And so we're really proud of that. And we expect that to happen, I don't know how much, listen 700 is what you should have in your models. If we're on target we ought to come in a little lighter than that.
Tim Stonesifer: So, we did the $1.5 billion in the ASR in the third quarter, so there will be some shares taken out in the fourth quarter as we complete that, as that was a six month program. I think looking forward we will have nice cash balances particularly as we close these transactions, so we're going to continue to execute our disclaimed ROI based approach. We think it has worked well so far. At the same time, we will consider some acquisitions right. SGI is a great example of complementary technology in the high performance compute data analytics space that we should benefit from a profitable growth perspective. So right now we’ll stick with the ROI based approach and we'll obviously share more details with you on 2017 at next month's Analyst Meeting.
Tim Stonesifer: I think it's really a combination of couple of things, when you -- when we separate the software business and you look at the remaining piece of HPE, we're going to be -- if you were to extract ES and software from our 2016 financials, in Meg's earlier comments, revenue growth would be incremental 300 basis points, margins would be up in incremental 100 basis points just north of 10% and free cash flow as a percent of revenue would be up 50%. If you look at the absolute free cash flow, it would be relatively neutral driven by the fact that software does generate some free cash flow, but that's offset by the pressure in ES. So, when we're talking about the financial profile it's really related to RemainCo.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure I think from a cost structure perspective, we spent probably in the last 18 months, we have done some detailed benchmarking particularly in a functional areas as to where the business needs to be basically cost as a percent of revenue. So we are getting closer to those benchmarks, we are not quite there yet, but we are close and we are there in some of the functions. So as we have done these divestures or as we are doing these divestures, we obviously incorporate that into what the new cost structure needs to look like and obviously we need to be very aggressive around what we call stranded cost. So I think the good news is when you look at the HPE-HPI separation we did have some disynergies we call them, we have worked those through the system, with the H3C divesture, we’ve got much better with identifying the stranded cost and being much more proactive in managing them out, we are starting to see those come out. So we are confident that we can continue to do that to get to the bench mark we need to get to when these transactions are done.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So yes, $700 million is the right number. Again we feel like the value that that transaction is driving is phenomenal for HPE as well as its shareholders. However, to realize that value we need to make investments and allocate resources to do the separation. So to your point, software although the activities are similar in nature to the transaction in ES they are discreet and they are not necessarily driven by revenue base or headcount levels. So when you look at software it's a global complex business, it has multiple legal entities that have been accumulated overtime through a series of transactions and because of that when you look at the tax to finance the legal the operating structure it is still very, very complicated. So, in order to separate that there are some large expense items in there, for example, separating 650 IT systems during the carve out financials translating GAAP to IFRS splitting a 150 legal entities in 60 countries, trying to figure out what we want to do with 200 real estate sites across the globe. So, there is certainly a lot of work that needs to be done there. The good news is we have done this before, so we know how to do it. The team has been very proactive and we are all over it, we have the work screens identified. So, we’re confident we’ll get there when we go for it.
Tim Stonesifer: And the other way I think about it is the benefit of the deal far outweighs the cost, right. So when we get that $2.5 billion cash dividend and that will be on shore cash that far outweighs the cost of doing the transaction.
