Antonio Neri: Yes. Thank you, Shannon. So, I spent probably 50% of my time talking to customers and partners. So, I have a pretty good insight of what we see in the market. What we see right now, first of all, and I made this comment in my remarks, we see steady demand and obviously, there are areas which are stronger than others. But the general sense is as follows; first of all, they're looking to strengthen their operations, and therefore, IT plays a huge role with that, and IT resiliency is more important than ever. So, anything that comes with security and enables them to digitize their processes is on the growth side. Second is, obviously, they have a lot of data and they need to get insight from that data and we see an acceleration of solutions related to AI and machine learning, and that's why our big data storage saw another great solid performance. But obviously, MLOps, and that's why we introduced an offer with HP GreenLake Cloud Services around machine learning operations is a high demand. Obviously, as we look at the workforce and I think there are permanent and lasting changes to how we're going to work in the future, remote connectivity is essential. And that's why I'm so excited about the acquisition of Silver Peak, because together with Aruba services platform, give us now the ability to provide connectivity for all the edges and the edge now is your home office, right? I consider that the micro branch to any cloud. And obviously, there are multiple clouds, because it's a hybrid strategy. And then anything that preserves CapEx is also in high demand. And that's why we see significant momentum with our HP GreenLake Cloud services, because that's a true conceived as-a-service offering. And so obviously, that's in transition, right? We see -- what we see is a transition period. But I would say the enterprise has been steady. Obviously, SMBE is a challenge. From the customer segmentation perspective, is a challenge. When I look at the verticals, I think the financial sector where you play is still very sector where you play is still very solid and the manufacturing side as well. Education, obviously, now is going to be very important. And in the public sector, the public sector is very strong. And obviously, we have a unique portfolio there with our HPC and AI solutions, but also around Storage as well. So, that's the general theme, Shannon, that we see at this point in time. In terms of budgets, obviously, they are assessing what happens in the context of their own revenues and profit. But overall, I will say the enterprise, which is where we participate the most, is fairly steady. And that's why Tarek meant, we have a very diversified and resilient portfolio, both by customer segment and by solution.
Antonio Neri: Sure. The Compute business performed really well, 29% sequentially and 1% year-over-year. And we did a very good job in reducing the backlog. There's still some -- but that's why we feel very confident that we can totally get back to the historical levels by the end of Q4. We grew sequentially double digits in units, in AUP 3%. If you recall, commodity cost has been inflationary in the first part of the year, and we took quite significant actions on pricing. And that's why our AUPs went up because of pricing, but also because of the structural changes we continue to see in that type of products. I mentioned, we shipped 46 terabytes of storage. And that's not just storage in a traditional storage platform, it goes with the Compute, right, and for servers. I think, as you think about going forward, obviously, we'll continue to be very disciplined on pricing. In terms of commodity costs, but in particular, DRAM, we start seeing some declines, honestly. The curve is pointing downwards. But as I said before, and we lived this in 2018, right, when prices go up – when cost goes up, prices go up faster than when the cost goes down, it takes longer. But ultimately, the next-generation of Compute platform will drive even more richer configurations because there will be more per gigabyte per unit that will be attached to it. And so that's why we feel good about where we are today. But that's what we see in Compute right now is still very competitive, there's no question about it. But the demand is shifting between enterprise, public sector and obviously, the service provider segment.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean, as I said before, everything in our life computes, which means Compute is embedded everywhere, not just in a server, and a lot of our storage platform is basically a compute platform with software, right? Big Data storage is a great example of that. It is an Apollo platform that runs our AI software on it. It's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen there, but we saw steady demand again. We, obviously, are real locator resources, particularly in our go-to-market where we see the growth opportunity as well. And we will continue to drive what the focus is, particularly in areas like VDI, which is, in essence, is a Compute product with a bunch of software. Traditional Compute per se, in general purpose workloads, those obviously have been kind of weakened over time, been declining. But overall, I think a combination of AUPs, pricing, obviously, action and richer configuration, we should maintain a level of stability at this point in time considering that 2020 was fairly depressed overall. In terms of the edge, we believe we grew in line with the market. If I look at our competitors, what they announced, I think, is in line with the market. But we saw strength, as Tarek said, in switching, which was up sequentially 12%. Obviously, we continue to see quite a bit of strength in our subscription-based model with our Aruba platform. And also, we saw quite a bit of strength as well on the solutions around we provide, particularly of work solutions and remote connectivity. For us, this is a business that the long-term future. The thesis is totally intact. The Silver Peak acquisition will obviously accelerate the growth of Aruba going forward as well.
Antonio Neri: I think there is another piece of this Wamsi. Maybe, Tarek, you want to comment about the inventory side of the house because we believe there is a lot of fluidity there. It's very fluid. And also, there are some opportunities. Shannon asked that question. So we're going to play the market-based on what we see opportunity for us. And therefore, this – in the end, it comes down to really timing – the bottom line is timing.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Actually, I will say a couple of things to that comment on the backlog, Katy, I mean this is product shipped, right? Not all that product was totally recognizable in the quarter, particularly in HPC. Because if you remember, right, in the HPC segment, we got to ship it, we have to install it, we have to turn it on, and we have to run the test. And only and only when the customer signs up for the acceptance, then we can recognize revenue. And that's why we still have quite an interesting opportunity in Q4 with HPC in particular. But in Compute, once you ship it, you recognize it. So, overall, very pleased with that. But even when you factor the backlog out, we actually grew sequentially on net new orders. And the net new orders, to Tarek's point, came at higher margins because of our pricing actions. The problem is the backlog was kind of dilutive to the margins because we price protect our customers, obviously, and we stand on that commitment and also the channel, right? On the GreenLake, I mean, this is an amazing performance. As I said in my comment, I think, is -- we believe, I believe, it's faster growth than any cloud out there. And it has -- it really comes down to the ability to provide a hybrid experience. What customers are telling us, they don't want to be in the wrong side of the house anymore, but they understand they have to have apps and data everywhere. 70% of the apps and data, still on-prem, by the way and more apps in data are moving to the edge. But ultimately, even if they have apps in public cloud, they like the GreenLake because it provides them the cost control, the managed aspect of it, and we can run it for them in a truly hybrid approach. And when they keep the apps and data on-prem, we give them the exact same consumption model, or whether they move it to the edge. And their value proposition is resonating more and more because the world is hybrid, cloud is an experience, and obviously, our software capabilities, they are playing a huge role together with our innovation on the business model side, and obviously, the financing. So that's what we see. And the ARR will take care of itself because, obviously, there is puts and takes because remember, ARR is a consumption-driven metric of it and as we go forward, we are very, very confident to confident to hit that 30% to 40%.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. I think, Toni, the other part is that we reduced the backlog by $500 million, but not all of that translated in Q3, because, again the HPC side of this, it takes -- sometimes takes weeks, some takes in months. We have installations, which are very large. It takes many, many weeks. And, obviously, the global pandemic, the COVID, is not allowing us to have a lot of people on-site for cabling and all that as well. And even if we ship it, in many cases, depending on the timing on the, kind of, more of the normal type of products, we may have a ship to not invoice, which basically, yeah, from the supply chain, it was taken care, but not from the revenue recognition perspective. That type of situation gets resolved, generally speaking, with a handful of weeks. On the HPC, it depends customer by customer. But the point on HPC is very strong. And, obviously, we have a go-forward amount of business, which is very sizable for us. And that's very good.
Antonio Neri: Okay. So I'd say, in simple terms, if you want to model this with seasonality factors that you've outlined, that is potentially correct. The only major shift here is this: the tide has come down across the industry. And it's not just for us, but overall, the level of demand is not going to be very quickly resuming to the levels we witnessed in fiscal year 2019. So the year-over-year compares that you're seeing are less and less meaningful. And what matters more is what happens on a sequential basis. This is why we are accentuating where we are recovering from Q2 into Q3 and now Q4 with the dynamics that Antonio mentioned with respect to HPC & MCS and customer acceptances. Toni, I apologize, could you repeat the second part of your question? I'm not sure I remember it.
Antonio Neri: And the only thing I said, Toni, just to wrap the first part is that we feel confident that we will continue to see performance improvement as we go forward on a sequential basis. Question is, by how much? But the reality is about timing, it's about all these things that we just cover, converting orders and then ultimately be able to recognize revenue. But at this time, time, my early comments what we expect continued sequential performance improvement as we move forward.
Antonio Neri: And the second part of the question is about the demand visibility. As I said, depends by customer segment, depends by offer. Ultimately, what I see at this point in time has been steady. But the reality is that there are areas that are stronger and the areas are weaker. But I think it points to the diversification of our portfolio. We have a unique portfolio, and that's why we have a unique strategy to become the platform edge to cloud. And I think, as I think about that, obviously, there is a lot of opportunities, particularly as we continue to pivot the company with more software and services-oriented type of offers. And you can see even in Q3, some of the strength with big data Storage in our Primera, which is a software, in essence it’s a software offering based on InfoSight, up over 100%. So these are the things that will continue to drive growth. And if we can sustain, the question that was asked about the Compute momentum, then you get that continued improvement, which we believe will be the case. But HPC plays a huge role for us. Let me be clear about HPC, I am very bullish about that business.
Antonio Neri: Yes. I will say, just to wrap that up, I know that was the last question, there is always quite interesting and significant opportunities. Remember that HPE Next was a very successful program for us and for our shareholders, and this is the next iteration. But most importantly, this is all about executing our strategy and align our resources to where we believe the growth is and continue to make this company even more efficient on a foundation of work we did the last three years. So, that's why we are very, very confident about that and we have a very strong discipline and track record to be honest with you, while at the same time, we focus on innovation. So, I know we went a little bit longer, but we felt that it was important to give you as much clarity and insight as possible. Again, I will wrap up by saying very pleased with Q3. This was a quarter marked by strong execution and honestly, very strong sequential growth. While much of the uncertainty is still there in the market and the global pandemic is still with us, we actually are cautiously optimistic, and we will see quarter-over-quarter improvements going forward across our businesses. And at the same time, we are investing into the future, which is essential for us, but I'm very pleased with our execution in the Pivot-as-a-Service. You can see the momentum there. Hopefully, we will see you in October at the virtual event for the Security Analyst Meeting. Thank you for your time and I hope to talk to you soon.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. Well, thank you, Wamsi, for the question. So let me start by answering the latter part of your question on the magnitude at the restructuring, it's pretty much in line with the guidance we gave you in Q2 for fiscal year 2020, $300 million to $400 million is the cost we would incur for the restructuring. Now back to the first part of your question with respect to free cash flow, free cash flow was exceptionally strong in Q3, as we work through the backlog, right? So this has been very, very solid. And particularly, we were able to work through the backlog and improve the cash conversion cycle. Also, we benefited from temporary favorable timing of working capital, and that component will reverse in Q4. And so in Q4, like I mentioned in my script, expect free cash flow to be lower than Q3 as a result of two components: one is the restructuring costs and number two, the working capital changes, and specifically, if you want a little bit more guidance as to where in working capital the change will come, it's predominantly in payables that you will see a change that will be adverse to the generation of free cash flow.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, that's absolutely right. So one of the reasons why you may wonder why we don't guide on free cash flow, although we guide on EPS, is because we do see opportunities that are available to us to take advantage of from an inventory position standpoint. And we want to retain the flexibility to be able to capitalize on those. Having said that, we do expect positive cash flow in Q4 lower than Q3 for the regions that I mentioned.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, Toni, hi it's Tarek here. So, your math is right. But operationally, things are slightly different, meaning if you normalize Q3 performance for the $500 million, yes, you get to $6.3 billion. But it's not entirely operationally correct to add the $500 million to Q2, because as part of the backlog, you do have orders that ship in-quarter but are not invoiced. You do have all, sorts of, different effects that come into play that distort that picture. So there is a limit to the normalization math that we can give. The simple point is, it's all about timing. Look, it's all about timing. This revenue should have materialized in fiscal year 2020. It is materializing in fiscal year 2020. And we're back to normalized levels of backlog by the end of fiscal year 2020. We've taken $500 million of backlog down. There's another -- you've done the math, $250 million to go. There's also another aspect that Antonio underscored before in HPC/MCS, it's very, very important for all of you to understand and it's the following. Specifically for that segment, it's slightly different than other segments because these systems are super sophisticated and even if we ship and land the system on customer premises, before we can actually invoice the customer, there's a technical acceptance process that takes place that delays our ability to invoice the customer. And so that is also fundamentally changing the trajectory of HPC/MCS, and we see very, very strong order demand in the public sector, which underpins the HPC/MCS segment, and you'll see the fruits of that in the foreseeable quarters. The conclusion of it is, whatever happens on backlog is an FY 2020 phenomenon driven by COVID, and they were essentially in Q1, the fact that we had, you remember, component shortages, and the whole industry experienced those. This translated into Q2 into manufacturing closures, where manufacturing was not at the full level. And then now, this issue has morphed into being specifically for HPC/MCS, a customer acceptance issue. So all-in-all, what matters is that the revenue of fiscal year 2020 is actually the same if you factor into the equation the fact that we will reduce the backlog we generated and we saw elevated at the end of Q2, we'll turn that into revenue by the end of Q4 in full.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. The answer is yes, Toni. That is correct. We've taken pricing actions. And as Antonio said, in these situations, we've lived those before in 2018, as we raise prices, the margin expands, and the commodity costs take longer to normalize or to revert back into a position when margins are deteriorating. And so we do believe that at least in the short term, if the DRAM pressure continues, we will see margin expansion in Compute.
Tarek Robbiati: And Rod, let me follow-up on the AUP questions on a year-over-year basis. On a year-over-year basis, units grew 3% and AUP was down 2%. That is the answer you were looking for. And on visibility, look, in simple terms, it's better than in Q2, and that's the reason why we provide guidance. If we didn't have a confidence, we wouldn't be providing guidance, if visibility were to be too low or too uncertain for us to do so.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Amit, for the question. So, yes, your observation is right. The gross margin went down 160 basis points, as highlighted in our announcement, and we more than made that at the OP margin level, with the OP margin at 7.1%. So what's driving that at the gross margin level is purely the mix. We had more Compute revenue at lower margin, it's a mix issue. We did also articulate the fact that if you normalize for backlog, we did have an impact on gross margins, both in Compute and Storage our gross margins would be up. But also, what you can see at OP margin is the fact that we are starting to take cost out and we are incurring restructuring costs as a result of this. I want to take the opportunity to remind everyone about our cost optimization and prioritization plan that we announced in Q2. We took proactive steps to strengthen our financial profile. I would tell you, I take a lot pride about this one, because we were present and we did it on time, being hit very hard in a full quarter of Q2 that was disrupted by COVID. And we are on track with that program to generate net annualized run rate savings of at least $800 million by the end of fiscal year 2022 relative to the fiscal year 2019 exit level and with most of those savings achieved at the end of fiscal year 2021. So hopefully, that should give you some comfort with respect to also the visibility point, and that's why we're saying, we expect gradual performance improvements going forward, knowing that we have taken actions with this core transformation program that is about prioritizing and reducing costs where we can find opportunities to do so.
