Tim Stonesifer: Let me start off and then I’ll pass it over to Antonio. So if you look at that 11% growth, I would say 4 points of that is related to foreign exchange and acquisitions, and the timing of the acquisition if you think about Nimble and SimpliVity. There’s probably about - although this is always hard to measure, 4 to 5 points of better market and backlog, we did go into Q1 with a stronger backlog than what we typically have. And then I’d say there’s probably 2 to 3 points that’s related to execution. So those are the drivers for Q1. As you think about the total year, I just ask you to think about two things. First of all, particularly in the back half of the year as you recall last year, we had a big ramp in revenue in the back half of '17. So as we get into ’18, that’s going to be a tough compare. And then the other thing to take into account is backlogs will normalize and as they return to more normalized levels that will have an impact as well.
Tim Stonesifer: You had me up until $0.27, so let me just take you through how we think about it. You are right, the tax rate think about the $0.03 benefit that we had in Q1 that should carry forward, so call that $0.12. The OI&E benefit is roughly $0.04. If you think about what the incremental share buybacks, those will probably be backend loaded given the fact that we are already front end loaded our previous commitment, so that maybe a penny or two. And then we’re flowing through the Q1 operational improvement of $0.04 to $0.05 with the exception of the fact that we did accelerate or see some accelerated savings from HPE Next and then obviously we need to fund the investments in the 401(k) and the employee programs that Antonio spoke about. So that's how I think about the $0.20 raise, which we think is prudent at this point in time.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, we did reaffirm the $1 billion, again, if you think about the $0.20 increase that I just walked through, more than half of that is tax driven. And as you know our cash tax rate is lower than our effective tax rate even with the revision will be still in that same range from a cash tax perspective, so no real benefit there. We should see some upside in the OI&E and the operational performance. But given the fact that it's only Q1 and that there is still a lot of work to do, we felt it was prudent to stick with the approximately $1 billion that we talked about at the Security Analyst Meeting.
Tim Stonesifer: This quarter will be the low point as we talked about it. We did see a little bit of favorability. Again, we had some benefits that we pulled forward on the HPE Next savings. But our plan is going to be back half loaded. And the reason that is, is because if you think about HPE Next, we're being very thoughtful and deliberate as to how we execute those simplification actions because we want to minimize the business disruption. I think Q1 in the revenue performance we saw there was a good proof point. Secondly, the recent acquisitions we've done, those become more accretive throughout the course of the year as we continue to grow those businesses and right-size the cost envelopes. And then we should see a mix split. And as we continue to grow the higher margin parts of the portfolio, whether it’d be hyper converge, all flash array, et cetera, we should get a natural mix of it. So Q1 will be a low point and then we'll continue to expand margins throughout the course of the year.
Tim Stonesifer: I am not sure we said strong margin, we saw a strong revenue performance. To your point, we did see margin pressure and that's primarily driven by DRAM. So again, if you think about it, in Q1 of '18, we have a full quarter of elevated DRAM costs because those costs do not spike until January of ’17, so that’s a pressure point. We are also seeing a little bit of mix pressure in Q1 given the strong performance in high performance compute, so that obviously has a lower margin as compared to Edge and Pointnext, and that’s been offset by some of the cost savings. So we are seeing margins pressure to your point. But again, margins will expand throughout the course of the year.
Tim Stonesifer: So the operating margins and financial services that’s primarily driven by a onetime bad debt reserve benefit that we had in Q1 of ’17 that doesn’t repeat in Q1 of '18.
Tim Stonesifer: For 2018, we have about $250 million of net cost savings related to HPE Next. I would say probably a third of that is front end loaded in the first half and then the remainder is back end loaded. And then for the total program, because again this is a three year program, we should net about $750 million to $800 million of net cost savings.
Tim Stonesifer: So for this year, we will end up in a net cash position, over the long-term, if you think about '19 and beyond. Again, from a net cash position, we should be neutral, may be a little bit positive, but it will take us some time to work through that.
Tim Stonesifer: No, it doesn’t really change over the next few years. But longer term, our cash tax rate will probably be more closer to our effective tax rate.
Antonio Neri: I will just only add that as we progress throughout the year, obviously the AUPs will be more normalized because of the DRAM cost and the pricing they’re going to be more in line compared to the Q1, because the Q1 last year was DRAM had no impact to pricing. So that’s one of factors we need to consider in. But as Tim said, obviously we have a tougher compare but our focus is really on the volume to value to growth execution. On the volume side of the equation, we continue to focus on profitable share and obviously improve that cost structure. And on the value on the pockets of growth we discussed before, particularly around hyper converged high performance compute and ramp of synergy.
Antonio Neri: I'm very committed to apply the same rigorous disciplined ROI based approach that Meg laid out in her tenure here. And obviously right now we are obviously biased to share repurchases and increase in dividends. We talked about M&A before, but our right to emphasize our focus on innovation. Innovation is three step approach; one is our organic innovation where we obviously want to invest our own dollars there; second is through the partnerships and the focus on emerging technologies where we can invest small amount of dollars in this disrupting technologies and companies that we can bring in our ecosystems and shine them through our solutions in the go-to-market we have; and then last but not least is the M&A, if there is an opportunity with the right valuation, the right appeal, the right talent, we will obviously consider it. But I think we have enough flexibility in our financials to go do that. And let's remind ourselves when we talk about what the acquisition looks like, the Aruba likes or even smaller than that. So that's our focus. But right now, we are really committed to that ROI based capital allocation.
Antonio Neri: So we obviously are committed to the financial architecture we laid out in October at the Security Analyst Meeting. Again, let's go back to the Q1 growth. Again, a lot of that was obviously the AUP increases we see, we saw in the market because of the pricing increasing, but also strong execution. I think when I think about the Q1 results is a proof point of we have the right strategy and focus. I think we have to see what the pricing environment is going to do. But overall, I think our focus is really to pivot the portfolio from the volume side of the house to the value side of the house, which obviously the growth rates are different. But as we look through the year, we're got to lap bigger numbers. And as I said earlier, the AUPs are going to be more in line to the cost increases we saw last year. So we don't expect that lift in the pricing we saw at the beginning of this year.
Antonio Neri: And I will say on the DRAM since you have the part of the question there, is actually everything is in Hybrid IT. There is very little that impacts the compute Edge. But I will say the most if not all of that is in the Hybrid IT.
Antonio Neri: I think we had strong execution. We continue to build a strong momentum and pipeline, and we exit slightly above where we normally expect by the end of the quarter. So we feel good about how we exited and most importantly about our pipeline.
Antonio Neri: Well, I think it’s too early to say or to call it. I will say our Q1 performance was steady, was consistent throughout the quarter, except the wireless comment we made earlier where we said the slow we’ll finish strong. But in Hybrid IT, it was very consistent across all the businesses. And part of that is because obviously we have phenomenal innovation that customers are liking. Last week, I was actually in UK and hosted a Board of Advisor where we bring our key strategic customers to talk about vision, our strategy, get their inputs about the future. And they all made the same comment. We love your innovation. We need you to continue to position that innovation against our problems, and to see the value there. So we never have the position we have today in terms of portfolio and with the simplification of sales, remember we eliminated the regional layers, we eliminated people in the middle between me and the country. Actually, we believe that's helping us so the right the execution we talked early on.
Antonio Neri: So first of all, let me remind what the HPE Next is all about. So HPE Next is initiative and launch, which I architected last year around the summer, and it's all about simplification, innovation and execution. And I have to say, I'm pleased with the first quarter performance where we executed well with no disruption. But this is an opportunity for me as the new CEO to establish a new culture as we transform the company, and to really architect the company from the grounds up with a clean sheet approach. And this is going to change the culture of the company. What I learned is the fact that you can push more, you can do more. And the organization is actually very excited about what we’re doing, because this is an opportunity to improve the way serve our customers. So it is very critical initiative for us and we are confident we’re going to deliver not only the improvements in our cost savings but also the way we work and employee productivity. And most importantly that should reflect in our business performance and our customer satisfaction.
Antonio Neri: So in my prepared remarks and as Tim said, we are investing in two specific areas. One is in the 401(k) matching contribution. So we’re raising that significantly. And we believe that's a more structural approach that will benefit our employees versus paying a one-time bonus I think that's a long-term benefit for our employees. And second is we live in the market that moves so rapidly and the need to risking our workforce has never been higher. So the ability to provide assistance learning to whatever degrees we want to put our employees through it is I think is a great investment for the future of the company and our employees. So they can fulfill their visions in our company as they progress with the carrier.
Antonio Neri: This was a good quarter for us, in storage. We grew the business 24% year-over-year and in that obviously have the Nimble numbers. But as Tim and I stated in our prepared remarks, our organic storage grew 11%. And as we talked in the previous two calls, we talked about some of the execution challenges we had in our go to market, particularly in United States. And one of the comments we made in one of the calls is that we brought together the storage sales force from Nimble and 3PAR together under the leadership of an individual, called Keegan Riley, which has tremendous expertise. And we see now the benefits of that. When you go out to the market with a clear value proposition and a differentiated offering, it starts paying off. So this was all about focus and execution. However, at the same time, we continue to bring great innovation. And so starting this quarter, we brought out the HPE InfoSight that came with the Nimble acquisition. And now we -- and as you know, InfoSight these days what we call AI or the autonomous technologies in the datacenter with predictive and preventative technologies and algorithms, now we made that available to the entire converged storage portfolio for Nimble, 3PAR and all-flash. So we believe we have a differentiated offering. We have a very focused sales force and we have a value proposition that I think customers are liking it.
Antonio Neri: Yes, so on the DRAM question, we continue to see some nominal increases in DRAM, but these are low single digits cost increases. Starting this quarter, we have done a better job passing those increases to our pricing. And as the competitive market normalizes a little bit and become most rational, we are able to pass those it through. As I think about the remainder of 2018, we will continue to see some nominal increases but not obviously at the elevated levels we saw last year. And then we see what incremental supply will be available. As you know, there're transitions from 2D to 3D and new fabs that will be coming online, but it's all to be seen. So we factor in our plans the elevated DRAM for the remainder of the year.
Antonio Neri: Let me answer first the Tier 1 question. As we stated, we are totally deemphasizing the focus on what we call the customized commoditized compute platforms. That does not mean that we're going to continue to sell the rest of the portfolio to those in large customers, because those are customers who buy everything, not just that type of platform with commoditization. So we are executing that strategy and we remain committed to that strategy, which obviously is a headwind because as you know the business was at a peak between 15% and 20% of our numbers. So that’s point number one. Point number two as I said earlier right, as we see the first half versus the second half, you see the inflated AUPs in terms of compares. As you go to the second half, that’s not going to be the case. And also we had -- remember we had Nimble, now in the second half fully baked in our results of 2017 second half. And so that compare will be harder. That said listen I am optimistic and confident about our ability to compete and win in the areas we decided to pay focus and attention. For example, high performance compute, hyper converge, synergy, which has been a great success for us. But remember it’s two place two rolls, one is what we call place only better and the other one is the composable infrastructure, which allows us to bring that public cloud experience on premises. And then we expect to see solid continued performance in storage. So I think the mix will play huge role here as we go along the way, but that’s why at this point in time, we are little bit more cautious about that.
Antonio Neri: That was really more of a Q2, Q3 into Q1. Again, we're early on an HPE Next. We’re pleased with the progress, the teams are making tremendous progress but it’s still early in that to say it will from Q2 or Q3.
Antonio Neri: These configurations gets smarter and bigger. Just to give you an example, our standard pro LAN server now, which is industry leading virtualized platform, called the Pro LAN 380. You can actually configure all the way up to half petabyte in various small factor. So those are massive technological advancement, both from the commodity perspective, from the system design perspective. And so customers are buying more rich configurations, because they were low on that also is a question of economics in term of power consumption and performance. So that’s what aspect. In terms of what we expect for units, listen the vast majority of the unit growth has been in there what we call the hyper scalar, but we see growth obviously in HPC. These are very large cluster configurations. But at the same time, we see the growth in value normalized with the decline in enterprise, so it’s hard to give you a number, is going to come down to the mix. We believe the value units will continue to grow and the volume side of house will be a decline. And then ultimate is going to be mass exercise. But again let me emphasize where our focus is, our focus is profitable share growth.
Antonio Neri: I will say the vast majority growth has been AUP driven. And I just I think provided some insight in the previous question where we expect some growth in units. But again, it's just the size deal that and a mix view of that. I think in terms of refresh, we’re still early in what we call the Skylake refresh that refresh has not been different in any other transition we have seen in the past, whether this spectra and meltdown issues, which are an industry wide issue. Right now, we don’t see any slowdown or any increase in demand. But as I think about the future and think about the performance impact to some of these patches could have on specific workloads, customer will have to think about how to cover that incremental capacity. And we at HPE have already made available services offerings. So from the service perspective, we can help customers manage, those are patches and upgrades and also product upgrades modernization type of programs, as well as consumption based models with HPE GreenLake. So they can -- let's say, they need a 10% more capacity, we can offer that 10% on their premises and stay as you go. And so all those programs have been rolled out to our field and to our channel partners and we’re going to monitor that as we go along.
