Antonio Neri: Hi, Katy. This is Antonio. First of all, I hope you guy will soon -- I will answer the second question first about the macro environment. That is why I’m confident is because we see ongoing demand from customers and their demand is driven by the amount of data we are creating, we are generating. And obviously regulations like privacy, and others, requires that data to be stored, to be managed, to be managed to be curated, and obviously extracted value as soon as possible. So it's a function of the data. And if you look at the charts actually, the data growth outpaces the compute growth, which means that compute growth has to catch-up sooner or rather than later. So from my vantage point, as long as that data continue to grow and I mentioned this before, two years from now we’re going to generate twice the amount of data we generated in human history. That means that data has to be computed and today only 6% of the data has been utilized. The other 94% is not being utilized. So from that point I feel very good and confident about the ongoing demand and we see that in the momentum we have in the last few quarters, and at this point in time, I think that will continue. In terms of the server AUPs, listen, as we said before, is all structural. This quarter actually if you recall two quarters ago, I said as we exit 2018, we will see mitigated declines in units and that's exactly what happened here as being very low single-digit decline in units. And the rest is all structural AUP driven by the mix shift to Gen10, which drives more option attach. And then ultimately the elevated DRAM price is still there, although now started declining. But the fact of the matter is that these servers, this computer platform will continue to add more and more options and therefore, the AUP structural changes are permanent as we go along.
Antonio Neri: Yes, I mean, we have a very deliberate strategy to shift from volume to value, despite that the volume business grew 7% for the year, which is good and our value business grew 20% year-over-year and that's because the software-defined infrastructure is the perfect architecture to deploy on-premises against these specific optimized workload solutions that customers are looking for. When you look at that value business, our HPC business, our high performance compute business grew 25% and that’s driven by the big data analytics and specific segments like government, oil and gas, weather, and academia. If I look at hyperconverged business grow in triple digits. If I look at our synergy business, it grew 280%, but now is already a $1 billion run rate. All these platforms actually drive higher services attach with Operational Services. And so we continued that to -- we continue to believe that’s going to continue to grow. And everything we have gone is deliberated to shift to that model not just from the engineering perspective, but as well as from the go-to-market perspective, because the way we actually incent our people is to go sell solutions that there were load optimize. So I feel very good about that and we expect that to continue whether its on-prem, cloud infrastructure or mission-critical applications. In fact our mission-critical business think about workloads like HANA or SQL, or Oracle. Actually that business grew 35%, which is very, very strong. So I feel good about that. Now in term of the Tier 1 business or the hyperscale, we made our decision almost 2 years ago. And to Tarek's comments, it used to be 20% of the business, now it's less than 10% of the business and we’ve been better delivered about that because there was no margins to be made or least not the one that we wanted to make. And number two there was no services of postal associated with that. So we are certain our strategy and that's what we're executing. Dell, listen I'm focused of my strategy and listen I am very pleased and proud that we’ve done here in the first year with a team, we're growing revenue of the company on the high single-digit. We're expanding profitability by 63% or now earnings per share, we are returning $7 billion of cash or capital to shareholders. And we are validating our strategy with customers every single day. Last week, at HPE discovered in Madrid, we had more than 10,000 customers coming and telling us we are on the right path.
Antonio Neri: Yes, Toni. So, yes, we increased prices like any other competitor has done. Remember, in the U.S tariff they were four faces. The first two faces we manage it that was no impact to us. The third face is exactly the one you’re talking about at the 10%. And as you read, the last few days is uncertain what they're going to happen on January 1. We see the outcome of the negotiation. But we increase the prices 10% and we saw no follow-up because of that price increase expected on November 1st. So there was no incremental benefit for Q4. So that's the bottom line. As these new whatever the new tariff comes in play, we’re already working on two aspect of it. One obviously is the pricing side, but the other one is the supplier side. So we continue to work with our supply chain or suppliers to figure out what is the long-term strategic option here, but we need to wait what’s to happen and with the negotiation, because of 10% it makes no sense to change anything. A 25% obviously you have to consider other options.
Antonio Neri: Yes, Toni, another point I want to make is that units is one thing, but also remember the operational services ratio of the, what we call, the intensity rate is a percentage or a correlation to the average unit price of the unit. So you can just use units, right. You have to use the penetration rate and intensity rate associated with that. And as AUP goes up, the reality on the compute side, the reality is that you’re supporting more components in that platform. Therefore the services component of that goes with it as the ratio. So that’s why we are confident that in 2018 our operational services orders or the bookings will continue to grow as we continue to shift through a more blocks of IP, which is value-oriented.
Antonio Neri: I will say, Shannon, I mean, we’re very confident about our '19 and '20 guidance as you recall at the Security Analyst meeting we said we’re going to grow 50% free cash flow between '18 and '19, and we’re going to double it by 2020. And that’s because all the leverage that we get through HP Next, the portfolio mix shift, that we talked about it and I will say we have executed and exactly where we committed a year-ago and this year has been really good from that vantage point.
Antonio Neri: Yes. So there's a -- definitely there's a compensation that the account manager sells everything. They get paid on selling the full blown solution. And then obviously while you bring the specialist, they’re paid on the specific components of it. But the reality it is cross incentives that goes back and forth, but let's be clear. The edge people are just the specialist people. Really the people who bring to bear the solution and the Hybrid IT people sell everything, edge to cloud. And so, that’s why the strategy is working and more and more pull through for Aruba is happening and the same the other way around, because once you have connectivity, you have to do some sort of processing of data and that’s why we bring the Edge Compute to bear.
Antonio Neri: Yes, no, so again, we don't sell directly in China. We actually moved to this new model almost 3 years ago now and H3C is the sole distributor of HPE products and they represent us in China, but they’re sold as a part of the HPC portfolio and what we are doing like they’re doing is focus on profitable growth. As they focus on the entire portfolio, they pick and choose where they believe is the best thing to do and we’re very happy actually, incredibly happy with the performance of H3C, because as you know we collect dividends and they’ve done really well performance wise.
Antonio Neri: No, I think it continues 2019, and honestly, listen, China is the second largest IT market now. There are a lot of opportunities, but you’ve to be very focused on where to spend your energy to drive profitable growth, and they’re the ones that make those decisions. As you recall, we’ve actually rights in the governance, because obviously, we are a part of the Board, but the reality is that that market will continue to grow. Then, there will be some seasonality viability quarter-to-quarter depending on the pipeline, but in the end, we believe China is a great market going forward, and we rely on them and very happy with what they are doing.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I will take the first question and then Tarek will take the second one. So we continue to see strength in the Aruba business because the reality is the edge is where we live and work and everybody is looking for providing a whole different experience and the mobile first, cloud first approach that Aruba has is actually resonating with customers and allows them to provide these new experiences whereas in hospitals or venues or retail verticals they are looking to provide that connectivity with an application experience that collects data and obviously extracts value out of that data and Aruba is perfectly suited for that because it has a platform driven approach. And that drives switching, it drives the new architecture for wireless connectivity with Wi-Fi 6 that's going to be available here soon and obviously the expansion in through these IoT-led use cases, for example, smart buildings and so forth. That’s why we are so bullish about the business and then when you bring Edge Compute to that platform, then you add incremental capabilities because it is easier to move cloud compute where the data is, not the other way around. That’s what we see and it's all experience driven and architecture we have actually enabled that.
Antonio Neri: Well, thank you for the time and thank you for the questions and I just want to wrap by saying I’m very pleased with fiscal year '18 performance with our growth and expanding profitability and our innovation. I think we make great progress as we transition, and this was all 100% execution driven. 100% of what we did here was about executing our strategy which is clear, and resonating with our customers and partners.
Tarek Robbiati: Right. So with respect to the operational services orders, in Q4 they were down as we pulled through some of those orders into Q3. In the course of the fiscal year '18 overall, OS services orders were up 2% as I mentioned in my script. Moving forward to fiscal year '19, Toni, the thing that one has to factor in is what Antonio said with respect to the categories of products that we’re selling, they drive higher services attached. We do expect continues growth in OS services in fiscal year '19 as a result of a shift in the category mix that we are driving right now with our strategy.
Tarek Robbiati: So you can refer to the presentation and specifically on Slide 11 with respect to the operating cash flow trends versus the total free cash flow trends. The one thing that you wanted me to comment on is the role of inventory in the quarter. We have sold more of our own manufactured products and that's why when you calculate the impact of free cash flow you have to factor in the movement in inventory. The growth in overall operating free cash flow is very, very tangible and the best way to see the sources out for the growth in operating free cash flow is to look at the margin expansion in our operating profits between the first quarter '18 versus the fourth quarter '18 exit. You can observe, for example, that the first quarter '18 we finished OP at $593 million and whereas, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year '18 we exit with close to $800 million in operating profit. That was standing behind the growth in overall free cash flow. That is sustainable. That is what is being driven by the HPE Next program. And we keep a tight lid on the benefits and run rate benefits that HP in excess delivered to us. And this is what stands behind the growth that we foreshadowed at SAM in October 2018 for fiscal year '19 and beyond. With respect to the nonrecurring item on free cash flow, there will be more of that in the 10-K that we will file in the upcoming days, but suffice to say that there are recurring charges in the amount of $531 million that we took for the full-year. Some IT costs, some consulting fees that were one offs and other nonrecurring charges, a total of which is about $800 million give or take you'll see all that breakdown in the 10-K that we will file in the upcoming two weeks.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, so let's remind our self with a model for us is in China. We have a joint venture, although we own only 49% of that joint venture and we resell our products through H3C or the new H3C, while the new H3C which is a company that we actually sold to the unit group, couple of years ago. And so they make their own choices right. So they’re trying to balance profitability and growth and there were demand in certain areas of the portfolio including hyperscale as they decided not to participate. So from that perspective, we are actually kind of an [indiscernible], if you will. We just sell through them and they make their own choices. So we work with them on an ongoing basis, because ultimately they are the ones that make those decisions.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, so the Edge Compute business is growing significantly. This driven by the used cases in specific verticals. We see that the manufacturing that the hospitals as the IoT part of this in the convergence of both the OT, operational technology in IT becomes a reality that's a big advantage that we have. We are one, the only vendors that have a true converge OT and IT platform. And I can tell you it's growing triple digits. And obviously, we expect that to continue to be the case. But more and more is a vertical solution, top to bottom from infrastructure to software to analytics to connectivity and security. And that’s why the combination of Aruba with networking, connectivity, and security with an Edge Compute allows us to provide a full blown solutions for customers. So that that’s what we see at this point in time. And definitely there are dissynergy because all the large deals that we see with Aruba are the reasons that have been through our cross synergy and our go-to-market with Hybrid IT. More and more, we sell an edge to cloud architecture. We sell the campus and branch solutions with Aruba. In verticals we sell Edge Compute and then we sell the cloud. The cloud -- call it on-premises or hybrid, if you will. And in that context, we see the whole pull through. A great example of this is the announcement I made with the Golden State Warriors, although we do it the Formula 1 just to bring it to reality. We provide them the cloud for the factory. We provide them the edge, the circuit and so in other use cases. So it's a big opportunity and its all driven by this experience we need to provide with the edge and the fact you need to extract value and deliver outcomes from the data that generate at the core. And so that’s why I'm very excited about our strategy.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, on FX, good observation. the FX rates have moved somewhat unfavorably relative to the prior month when we were at SAM. When we were at SAM the Euro was trading at about $1.15, and now the new spot rates are pointing to $1.13 trending a little bit lower. Remember, then we said we would face a headwind of one to two points, now it's going to be looking closer to two points for fiscal year '19. That's what we can say at this stage given where the rates are trending.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, that is correct. We did have quite a unique transaction during the course of the quarter. There was a -- overall in the year, there's about $400 million of real estate gains and most of which happened in Q4. We effectively sold the campus that we occupy right now in Palo Alto and we're moving into a new location during the course of fiscal year '19, at the beginning of the calendar year of '19. You will see all of that explained and disclosed in our 10-K for greater details, but that's a one-off. We will continue to optimize our real estate, but that is quite a unique transaction that has happened in the fourth quarter.
Tarek Robbiati: We don't disclose the split of the receivables in financial services between HPE and HPQ, but it has been trending around at the same levels that historical data prior to the split. There hasn't been any major change in that regard, we continue to drive significant growth in volume. We pointed to 8% volume growth in financial services of this year and I am very pleased with how that is going.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, if to add a little bit more color on revenue for Pointnext in the quarter, revenue from operating services was down 1% overall for the full-year it was growing at 2% equally orders for the full-year were growing at 2% and that was reflected in my script as well.
