Tarek Robbiati: Yes, good afternoon Charles, thank you for the -- Aaron, good afternoon for the question -- thank you for the question with regard to our backlog. I would say our backlog has not peaked yet. When you have four consecutive quarters of 20% growth and the delta between the backlog growth, order growth and the revenue being what it is, the backlog has not peaked and will probably peak towards the end of this fiscal year. Our assumptions on converting that backlog into revenue are contained in the guidance that we gave for this fiscal year of 3% to 4% revenue growth adjusted for currency. I want to reiterate to you that the FX impact in that guidance is a 2% headwind as opposed to a 50 basis point headwind that we originally forecast.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure. So, let me try and unpack this for you. So, first of all, when you really look at our business across the various segments, Aruba is continuing to do extremely well and we outperformed the competition, specifically Cisco in the second quarter. And the order book in Aruba is absolutely substantial. As you can observe, Aruba growth -- and you know Aruba comes with higher gross margin, has a favorable impact on the mix. The second thing I would point out to you is with respect to compute, the disciplined pricing actions that we've taken now for several quarters with compute continue to bear fruit. Compute operating profit margins at well above 13%, well above our long-term guidance, have also been better than what our main competitor in that space, Dell, has delivered for their total ISG margins that include compute, storage, and networking. So, compute is performing much, much better than the rest of the industry. Third, when you really look at the gross margin mix again across the other segments, particularly Storage and HPC, there are two different stories there. With respect to storage, you have a mix between our own IP product and third-party product that has been unfavorable to us, meaning that there were more third-party product revenues and on IP revenue. And you can see, therefore, that this has had a detrimental impact to gross margins for storage. Finally, HPC, the story there is a story that is we've always been saying, it's a lumpy business, and it's a matter of revenue scale. We had one slippage of a deal that has affected growth by six points in the quarter. That deal has closed into Q3. And really, the fundamental question for HPC is the delivery of substantial mega deals that we have planned for the second half. And so if you take all of this into account and you look at overall gross margins for the company, the story is different by segment. But it is the result of a number of actions that we have taken in Aruba and in Compute, offset by product mix shift in storage and revenue delays in HPC. On the whole, very pleased to have our gross margins where they are at 34.2%, up sequentially and better than last year. And finally, let me add to this, the performance of HPFS. The performance of HPFS is outstanding. You can see that while there is not much revenue growth. And this is not a gross margin business, it's a business that delivers substantial amounts of profit by way of operating profit margins. And the return on equity there in HPFS is very, very strong, north of 20%, which is better than our long-term outlook of 18-plus percent that we gave you at SAM 2021. So I hope this gave you color and I up back things f or you the way you want it, Simon. But if not, we're welcome to take the conversation offline with you again.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So, let me add on the last part of your question. So, the impact from Russia on orders was negligible. This was not something that has affected our orders. China and Russia together, obviously, with Belarus, impacted our revenue by $250 million, the majority of that impact relates to China. And the Russia impact specifically is related to the fact that we cannot operate any more in the country and serve existing customers with our services contracts, and therefore, this has been factored into the impact. I've described that totals for China and Russia, 1% impact on total operating profit margins and $0.06 on EPS overall. But again, the majority of these impacts were driven by the China disruptions on the supply side of the equation. And yes, I agree with Antonio on the -- totally agree on the resiliency of the demand. I simply want to add the fact that even though there could be a slowdown in the EU, the European governments are ramping up a number of initiatives that are all in our favor in the digital space, which gives us confidence for the medium to long-term.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, sure. So first Wamsi, if you want a rough rule of thumb when you're looking at EPS changes and how these EPS dollars translate or sense translates into free cash flow, every cent of EPS is essentially $13 million to $15 million, right? So when you look at the lowering of our guidance is very much contained in the guidance we gave at the free cash flow level. So the lowering of our guidance back to the SAM 2021 guide is very much contained in the free cash flow guide that we gave you. And the reason why we gave you this free cash flow guide was because of the working capital assumptions that we had made at the beginning of our fiscal year. So I feel comfortable that we are within the free cash flow guide. Now the second part of your question is what makes you confident that in the second half, you can generate this quantity of free cash flow given where you are at the end of the first half. I would simply say to you that we expect, first and foremost, working capital to become a tailwind in the second half as opposed to the first, where it was a headwind because of the inventory actions that we've taken. And by the way, we've done this before. In fiscal year 2019, I want to remind everybody, we generated in the first half, $200 million of free cash flow and in the second half, we generated $2.2 billion. So, more than -- 10 times more than what we generated in the first half. This was offset by $666 million that we had to pay for an arbitration case that we lost at the time in fiscal year 2019. And we had very little time to turn around and offset the impact of that arbitration case, and yet we came into our guide that we gave at the time. And really look also at the trends on operating free cash flow that we highlighted to you as part of this call, you will observe that our seasonality is very much in line with fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2020. Fiscal year 2021 was a different story because in fiscal year 2021, you add the impact of restructuring costs that were affecting free cash flow. And if you will observe the detail of our press release with the tables that we provided you, you will see that our restructuring costs are coming down overall relative to fiscal year 2021. So, lots of puts and takes there, but we are happy to reaffirm the free cash flow guide of $1.8 billion to $2 billion.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. I want to add also, Rod, that the -- in what you said, it's really important to look at what happens at the bottom line and at the margin level. And when you really look at how we've outperformed Dell on the margin level, Q1 and Q2, considering it simply the compute margins alone compared to the ISG margins is very telling.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, that's right. You said very well, Antonio. I'll add to the margin part of the question saying, our Q2 operating profit margin was affected by the ramp in project-related costs, and they were recognized ahead of revenue for a couple of very large mega deals that we're expecting to close by year-end. And therefore, as a result of that, we expect operating margins to return to more in range with historical levels on this business, and we feel pretty good about these prospects.
Antonio Neri: I would say, Aaron, obviously, we're going to enter 2023 with an elevated backlog, which bodes us well for the future revenue growth of the company. As I said in my remarks, we continue to be very confident in our CAGR outlook that we provided at SAM for the next three years. But obviously, as we go forward, the backlog will be reduced supply and other issues alleviates. And if you think about the 3% to 4% guidance for the year, which is the guidance we provide at SAM versus the 1.5% we just reported, obviously, there will be low single-digit growth sequentially on that revenue.
Antonio Neri: And I will say, our diversification of our coverage around the globe also is a good positive thing for us.
Antonio Neri: This way -- one thing for me to say is that we are exactly what we were at the October Security Analyst Meeting, where we guided 3% to 4% revenue growth; the EPS guidance we just provided today, which is $1.96 to $2.10; and a free cash flow of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. And knowing the seasonality of our business, we say at the time this year will be a normal seasonality business as you take the two years of COVID out of the way, we are very confident to deliver that number. It's exactly what Tarek said, it's the working capital is going to turn favorable to us. And as we continue to drive the backlog down over time, that will help us as well. So, the earning correlation to free cash flow is the same we provided as one. And in terms of restructuring, just to be clear on that one, we are very pleased with the progress we've made, which obviously was there, we refer to the time reallocating resources to the areas of growth, you can see the areas of growth being HPC, AI, edge, and GreenLake, obviously, which are paying off to us and on track to deliver the $800 million net savings that we committed at the time.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I'm going to start. But I think -- I don't think you can look quarter-by-quarter. Honestly, you have to look at the half and then in the second half. If you look at our performance in Q1, we did very well. And on the balance, I think we are pleased with the first half. Listen, and then there is a lot of puts and takes here because factory locations plays a role. So sometime you're in the right side of the location, sometimes you're not. And obviously, for us, the impact of Shenzhen and Shanghai was there in April, and Tarek quantified that for you, that impacted not just the compute business, every line of business because other products come from that side. Some of our vendors did not have the same impact. So that’s why it's important. The other one is that you make strategic choices about components two to three years ago. And those -- there are some suppliers more impacted than other ones. And therefore, you need to go into the details of the product itself and configurations and whatnot. And last but not least, when you look at our performance, let's remind ourselves, we have a unique setup in China. And that set up basically says we cannot consolidate the China revenue that our partner today delivers. And when you look at the China growth, I can tell you, our H3C business is performing exceptionally well in China. However, the only thing we recognize on that is the dividend that we collect, but not the revenue. And then when you look at the segment, call it, the server category, it is compute plus HPC plus H3C, as the way market share gets reported. So that's why I look at this from a half performance. We made it better in Q1, maybe a little bit less so in Q2. Again, some of our competitors, namely Dell, as you said, on some aspects. But on a balance, not that far off, again, Cisco definitely we did well on every metric you want to look at it. And -- but in the end, we are focused on the full year to deliver that guidance of 3% to 4% and obviously exit the year with still quite a large backlog, which bodes well for 2023.
Antonio Neri: Yes. I think on that note, I mean, delivering 13.9% on what people refer as a commoditized business compared to 10.2%, which includes server storage and networking, I think it's pretty remarkable. But I think also shows our strategy to drive profitable revenue growth, not just revenue for the sake of revenue.
Antonio Neri: That's a great question. We see that more and more. Obviously, I think what customers are battling is the fact they are going through a multigenerational IT journey here. That they have to modernize. The fact that data has gravity and obviously, some industry are more regulated than others. Then you talk about latency and experience that really matters. Cost, obviously, is another big component because at scale, they need to comprehend the cost aspect of it. And GreenLake is an amazing platform we have developed over the years to give them access, flexibility, and control against all the needs. In a way, they are moving away from running IT to more innovating on IT and that's why this data-first modernization approach is so relevant. And that's why we already have more than $6 billion in the balance sheet related to the HPE GreenLake business, which again grew 107% in Q2. And obviously, that -- those bookings eventually will unwind from the balance sheet and through the P&L. And the other important fact here that Tarek show in one of his slides, is the fact that our mix of GreenLake is shifting every single quarter to more software and services, which obviously comes with a significant higher margin than just the hardware. So, that's why I think about the order momentum is super strong, the marquee type of customers across events is super strong. The fact that we keep adding capabilities, the mix is shifting and that's totally accretive to our gross margin as we go forward. And this is one of the key moments of our company, transforming into a relevant platform that customers can use as they go through this journey that we just -- that you just highlighted.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Listen, I'm continuing to be incredibly bullish about this business. Supercomputing is necessary to advance AI and deep learning solutions to solve some of the biggest societal challenges and honestly, climate and other. As I think about the current situation we are in, we have almost $3 billion in backlog. A couple of two quarters ago, we were talking about $2.5 billion and maybe a year, $1 billion, $1.5 billion. So, we have been continuing to grow the momentum with customers. By the way, it's all over the world. If you look at the wins, including the number three supercomputer called Lumi, that's in Europe. We have also supercomputers in France, in Germany and so forth. So, we are clearly the market leader there. However, this business is lumpy, as we said, right, from the time you book the order to time you recognize revenue, it can be several quarters. And the reason that's the case is because there are large installations and customers need to go through their own process to validate the world load. And over time, right, we're going to have a quarter, you're going to see a massive growth in revenue, which is not linear in many ways as many of those customer systems gets accepted. So, -- but in terms of margins, I will let Tarek comment on this. Obviously, have to look at long-term, not just quarter-by-quarter because that's not how this business works.
Antonio Neri: Well, thanks, everyone. I know there's a lot going on a lot of news today to cover, but I appreciate you making the time. Again, walk away from this quarter, feel good about the momentum we have with the persistent demand that we see in the market with an amazing set of solutions that are attracting customers. A testament of that is 20%, again, bookings with a backlog that gives us the confidence to deliver on our commitments. And honestly, I'm optimistic about the future, about the opportunity to innovate for our customers and to deliver the value to our shareholders. So again, thanks for your time today. I know there will be follow-up calls after this call, and I appreciate you making the time.
