Meg Whitman: Sure. So, listen, I think the cloud is impacting our server and storage business, but no more than we thought at the beginning of the year. And really, if you look at the server business per se and our results, within tier 1, we had a much lower demand from a single large customer that I discussed on the call. And we were also more selective around focusing on profitable deals. And the good news is that helped server margins year-over-year but it did depress the revenue a bit. I think we did deliver strong growth in a number of our higher margin, better attach areas like high-performance compute, mission critical systems and the addition of SGI. And the good news is we also have some things coming up that I think will mitigate that decline. We’re ramping our Synergy offering, we’ve got the power of SGI and our high-performance compute that was part of HPE. We are also pursuing alliances very aggressively. When we owned ES, yes, we did some business with Accenture and Capgemini and the Indian firms, but they were always quite vary of us because they viewed us as owning a competitor. As ES gets spun off, there is a lot more opportunity for us to do business with those partners. And I think that will help mitigate the decline. So, listen, I mean, I’m optimistic that these actions will enable us to stabilize servers in FY17. I’ll also say that Synergy is important because Synergy allows us to provide on-perm private cloud alternatives at public cloud economics, both the total cost of ownership as well as the consumption based pricing model. And we’ve seen a number now of customers move workloads off the public cloud back into an on-perm datacenter because it’s more cost effective. So that’s the server apart. Storage was challenged, I think by a continued contraction in traditional portfolio. Remember, we still have tape and some very old storage products that are in decline. And we also were impacted by SSD supply constraints. But on the positive side, all-flash grew almost 30% and would have been considerably higher than that without the SSD supply constraints. And then, we also announced a simplified pricing model and bundled compression offerings with 3PAR that was previously actually a competitive hole in our product. So, I think we’ve got -- one last thing is of course with the SimpliVity acquisition, we got now a whole new group of storage sellers where we can have broader market coverage, and we’d become a more scale in that area. So, listen, there are real pressures, no question about it, but I don’t think particularly more than we thought there was going to be in the quarter.
Meg Whitman: Sherri, let me add one thing about EPS takedown of about $0.12. So, when you think about commodities and you think about foreign exchange that was about -- we estimate about $0.12 of degradation. And the decision we had to make is did we want to cut $0.12 more of cost out of our cost structure. And as you all know, we’ve been taking a lot of cost out of this Company over the last four and a half years. And my view was, we’ve got very good investments in field selling costs, in innovation, in automation, in IT, that it’s going to put us in very good stead for the long term. And I did not think it was the right thing to do to absorb all of that commodities and foreign exchange degradation by cutting more costs into what I think are going to be very high return on -- return on investment projects. So, we decided actually that the best long-term thing for the Company was to not cut into bone and meat.
Meg Whitman: Yes. Okay. So, let me address the growth question. I think you’re probably right that we’ve grown about the half the quarter since we separated. And you’ve got to look at first what is going to be the go forward Hewlett Packard Enterprise as opposed to also the whole company because in much of the last year, obviously Enterprise Services was more of a drag than EG was. But, let me answer the question about go forward Hewlett Packard Enterprise 2017, which is EG plus HPE Financial Services. I would say, yes. I think we can return to growth but there is one caveat that I would make and that is a single tier 1 service provider who was a big customer of our, slowing down orders dramatically. But for the rest of the business, ex that large single tier 1 service provider, I think we’ve set ourselves up well to be prepared to tackle the future. I like our portfolio. We’ve really reshaped this portfolio both inorganically as well as organically. I think you should feel very good about TS. Remember, over the last three or four years, there was a lot of question, could we return TS to growth? And orders precursors revenue we’ve seen orders grow and the last couple of quarters you’ve seen revenue grow and orders grew again this quarter. So, we’re very confident about the TS growth rate, and of course that happens to carry a much higher margin than our infrastructure products. Aruba continues to do very well and as I said, some of our other high growth areas. So, I’m going to say yes, with the possible exception of the tier 1, the single tier 1 service provider and that could throw us into slightly negative growth for 2017. On the cost out, so, listen, we have taken a lot of cost out of this Company. We’ve improved the efficiencies, the business process reengineering. And by the way, embedded in our forecast for 2017 is all the reshaping that we did around Remain Co; costs are coming out. We’ve totally reshaped how that business is run with far fewer layers and much more efficiency. So that will continue. I do think after we’re separated, there’s going to be potentially some more cost to come out. Right now, we’re carrying almost the full IT load because the IT team is doing all the separations. We’ll skinny down IT. Obviously some of IT will go to software, some will obviously go to CSC. So, I think that will help us. And then there’s some other things that we can go after, but I have to say, quite honestly, the low-hanging fruit is gone.
Meg Whitman: Sure. So, remember, as we go forward as Remain Co, if you will, which is EG plus HPE FS, we need to set up EG to be a very lean and cost effective competitor because this way in Europe we compete against the Chinese, obviously this is a very, very competitive market. So, we wanted to reorganize ourselves in a way that we thought would be much more cost effective and more efficient. And the first was, we appointed Peter Ryan to be the new Head of Global Sales. We’ve actually never had a Head of Global Sales. He is now the Head of Global Sales and he has got three new regions heads, Jim Merritt, who used to be in Asia and did a fantastic job for us in Asia, has come back to the United States; and then we promoted Andy Isherwood to be the Head of Europe, who filled in behind Peter Ryan because he had been Head of Europe. So, I’ve got three new region heads plus a new -- Peter being a new Head of Global Sales. They are not new to HP, but they are new in their roles. Secondarily, we have now real plans to grow TSS, which is our Technology Services Support business as well as TS Consulting. So, Scott Weller still runs TSS; Rafael Brugnini still runs TSC, but we have hired someone to take both of those businesses and really drive growth overall in the services business because we’ve got to grow our advisory and transform service; we have to grow our support services business as we have in the past, and there is a lot of opportunity in some of the new products, particularly around Flexible Capacity Services. So, we hired a new executive named Ana Pinczuk, who is going to be in charge of all services, Scott Weller’s still in place and we think very highly of Scott, and Rafael Brugnini is still in place. We also hired a new leader for our channel program. We had a fellow who was hired in a number of years ago, who actually did a very good job for us but was really focused on selling cloud services. And so, we actually hired a fellow by the name of Denzil Samuels, who has a long history with the channel. He most recently was at GE. And so, he has come in, in the last month or two months to run all the channel worldwide. Yes, Scott Dunsire is still in place in the United States. And so, we’ve got consistency there but we do have a new head of the channel. So, I think all these folks to some degree were also doing double duty. We were making divestitures; we were doing M&A; we were doing separations; and Antonio was doing a lot of double duty as well. So, I think the good news is largely that is through the pipeline or to the python, if you will. And I’m feeling pretty good about people settling into to their new roles. But quite frankly, I probably put more change into this organization in Q1 then I probably should have.
Meg Whitman: And we’ve got two separations going on now at once. And I’ll add one more thing. When we separated HPI from Hewlett Packard Enterprise, it was one family; there was one adult that was supervising both the separation of the siblings. Now, we’re doing separations, that is a merger with the third-party and that actually adds the complexity that we knew about, but has created some complexity. And by the way the most intense time for the ES separation was in Q1, no question about it. And now, we’re on sort of nice glide path to March 31st.
Meg Whitman: No, I think we actually did quite a good job of intercepting that merger, and we’ve recruited a lot of new channel partners, they’re beginning to ramp, a much as we did a good job intercepting the server move from IBM to Lenovo, that we did a very good job intercepting a lot of that business. So, I think we’ve taken advantage of that to some degree. Lenovo is around -- they’ve got their hands full on a couple of other things, the server business and Motorola. But, Dell is being very aggressive, particularly in the server side of things. And we’re countering that. When we think it makes the right sense, we’re not doing share for share sake here but we’re being smart about it. And then in Europe, we actually are seeing the Chinese. We’re seeing Huawei being more aggressive. And we’re trying to avoid what we learnt in the PC business, which is they do the land and expand. If you can keep them from landing, then that is a much better long-term strategy. So, we’re working hard on that too. I’d also say that joint venture in China is actually working quite well. There’s been some growing pains there but actually we’re quite optimistic about that and optimistic about the Shingwa team that is now in charge of that business. And listen, given the trade situation and what may or may not happen with the administration, I’m very glad I’m part of a joint venture in China.
Meg Whitman: So, I’d say, listen, the bright spot in the storage portfolio continues to be the all-flash growth, which was almost 30% and it would have been considerably higher if we’d had more SSD supply. So, we’re feeling really good about our all-flash display -- I mean, our all-flash product. Some of the other parts of the business were weaker than probably they should have been. I think I’ll attribute some of that to execution and some of that to market. So, we’re not happy with the storage performance this quarter. I’m quite happy with the all-flash situation but there’s other things that we’re going to buck up as we go forward. So, I think that’s the way I would characterize the quarter.
Meg Whitman: It’s actually both, it’s a year-over-year comp issue and it is a different buying pattern than have been anticipated. And so, we will see if that corrects over the next two or three, four quarters. Built into our forecast is that it does not correct. So, if it does, that would be an upside. And again, remember, these tier 1 deals, we do make money on them but they are not as profitable as the core ISS. So that doesn’t translate as dynamically into operating profit as it does to revenue. So, they are facing a very competitive business; the tier 1 business is very competitive, and we’ll see what happens there.
Meg Whitman: So, Maynard, the organic TS result was 2.5% in constant currency, 2.5% growth in constant currency. So, we’re actually feeling pretty good about that. And it is driven by the new product acceleration, data center care, proactive care, FSC. And if you go back three or four years on TS, in all rights for a while there that business should have been down 25% a year because it was so driven by our mission critical business. The TS team deserves a huge amount of credit for diversifying the product and actually having that business down only single-digits. Now with the new products coming on line and being actually quite successful, orders are up and we anticipate that business will grow organically, forget adding the SGI services on top of that. So, we’re feeling pretty good about that business and anticipate we’re going to see growth.
Meg Whitman: Yes. And so, listen, of the lot of the server business that was weak, didn’t have high attach to it anyway. Okay, so, tier 1 service provider has no service attached to it. So, it’s not a drag on our services business.
Meg Whitman: I agree with that. I mean, remember what we’ve said is the kind of acquisitions that have worked well for this Company are 3Com, 3PAR, Aruba; SGI is actually going to be very successful and SimpliVity, we’re excited about it; it’s too new to declare a victory, we just closed on Friday. But what do they have in common? They’ve got reasonable valuations; they leverage our distribution channels, they’re complementary technologies and they drive profitable growth. So, I think the best indication of the future is the past.
Meg Whitman: Yes. I mean, I’m not entirely sure; what I will tell you is that they have dramatically decreased their purchasing below commitments that they had made to us.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, if you look at FX as an example, we have a rolling hedge program, we do that by country; we do that by product. So, what you are seeing is the hedges that we put in place, call it six to nine months ago, which were favorable as they were all rolled up in Q1. So, there was no real impact from an EPS perspective driven by foreign exchange. And then when you look at DRAM pricing as an example that increased about 50% in the month of January. So, again, we had some supply built up or it’s an inventory built up, so you don’t see the full effect of that. So, you will see both, the FX and the commodity pricing flow through the rest of the year. Now we’re going to try to price for some of that; we’ve gone out with price increases; and it’s really a question of what would the impact be to demand and what would be the competitive response. So, you will sort of see a flow through I would say, and sort of typical seasonality.
Tim Stonesifer: So, let me take a cut at that. So, we did guide the $2 to $2.10 as a combined company, because again similar to prior practices, until we actually separate, we will provide that outlook and then we’ll adjust that outlook once the transactions have closed. So, to your -- to one of your questions around the as reported guide, the takedown would apply to that, so the $1.45 to $1.55 would go down by $0.12 on both ends -- in terms of the range. And again, that’s primarily driven by the FX, commodity pricing and some execution challenges. When you look at the $1.25 to $1.35 number, from an ongoing perspective, because obviously we’re not going to report that guide on a quarterly basis, it does have the 2017 assumptions in there. I think you’ll still get within that range longer term. It really depends on how those price increases that we’ve executed, how those take. So, the more that they take, you’d be up at the higher end of that range; if they don’t take given demand or competitive response, you’d be at the lower end of that range.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So, I’ll address that one and Meg, you can jump in here if you would like. So, let’s start with FX. I think to your point, we guided in October for the full year 2017 outlook at SAM. So, at that point in time, the euro was trading at call at 1.10; and the yen, which has another significant impact was trading at about 103. When we came out on the fourth quarter earnings call, we did highlight that there was some pressure. So, we got a question, I can’t remember who asked it. And we said yes, rates are less favorable than they were. I think at that point in time, the euro was about 1.06 and the yen as was at about 110, 111. But given the fact that we were three weeks into the year, given the fact that we were rolling into a new administration in the U.S. and we weren’t quite sure how that was going to play out, as well as the fact that we had hedges in place that protected the first quarter, we decided to continue to monitor the currency environment, we would make some operational changes that we thought were appropriate. And that’s why we didn’t change the guide down. As we sit here today, we’re now five months into the year, and that euro is still sitting at about 1.06; the yen is still sitting at about 112. So, we felt it was prudent to adjust our guide now. And it’s really -- it was a cognitive choice that Meg alluded to, is we had choices that we evaluated and we decided this was a prudent thing to do, so we could continue to drive the strategy, we continue to make the strategic investments that will drive long-term value. So, that’s the foreign exchange piece. And then, on the DRAM piece, those prices spiked in January, about 50% in January. We did do some advanced purchases in the fourth quarter but there was only so much you could buy because everybody sort of was facing the same thing, and there is only a limited amount of capacity. So again that’s why you didn’t see a lot of that pressure in our Q1 EPS because we were using inventory that we bought at lower pricing. And that’s something that will continue to play out in Q2, Q3 and Q4. I mean, it depends on how the capacity comes on line. And we really don’t see the foreign exchange changing drastically as we go forward as well. So, hopefully, that answers your question.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. Just to elaborate on that a little bit, if you look at our OpEx for Q1, we were down year-over-year about $340 million. Now, granted, we have the TippingPoint divestiture, so I’ll call it from an operational basis, it’s roughly $220 million. So, we do have a lot of cost takeout in the plan; we’re executing upon that. I think when we get to -- when we talk a little bit about this at some point, when you get to the Q4 of 2017, we do this benchmarking as an example on all of our functions. From a run rate perspective, we’ll be at that benchmark, except for the IT and the real estate component. So, again, it takes us a little bit of time to get through these separations and then we can really zero in on the IT and the real estate front to continue to capitalize on those savings. But, I think our view is there’s always opportunity for cost, it’s just a question of how much and how quickly can you take that out. And right now, we feel like we’re taking out quite a bit of cost.
Tim Stonesifer: And I wouldn’t, I mean, this doesn’t go under the org change category, but I wouldn’t underestimate at the local level the impact on the country leaders which obviously do a lot of selling for us. I mean, when you do a separation like this, you have to go out and speak with customers, you have to explain to them the ES separation from HPE; you have to deal with workers’ councils that they are going to be any organizational changes. So, there is quite a bit of work that kind of ripples through the organization.
Tim Stonesifer: Keep in mind that business -- about 85% of those revenue streams are recurring. So that’s why we are confident in the growth throughout the course of the year.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes. So, I think that we are going to continue to execute the returns based capital allocation strategy. We feel like that that’s been working well for us. So, in Q1, as an example, we will return $750 million in cash in the form of share repurchases and dividends. So, we’re still committed to that $3 billion that we’ve talked about at SAM, again in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Now, I will say, we are biased toward share repurchases. But we feel like that framework is working well with us, and we are going to continue to operate within that framework. As far as the repatriation, we haven’t incorporated any of that into our plans because we are not sure what is going to happen, to be quite honest with you. But if there was a onetime holiday as the majority of our cash is offshore, we would certainly benefit from that, like many other companies. But, I would just balance it with, even if we were to see some sort of holiday, I’m not so sure that it would change our returns based approach; I’m not so sure it would change our approach or strategy towards M&A as we go forward.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. I’ll just give you a total year perspective. So, our guide, we’re still comfortable with the negative $1.8 billion. We have, to your point, we’ve paid out the $1.9 billion in pension. Now, there’re some more payments to be made because we don’t finalize everything until we close the transaction. But, we do expect that those payments will be less than the $2.5 billion that we’ve communicated at SAM. So, we’ll see some favorability there. The reason why we’re sticking with our guide is because obviously with the $0.12 takedown, that drives some earnings pressure. So, net-net, we still feel very comfortable with the free cash flow guide. As far as working capital, again, we have some timing elements here and there. But I would say overall assumptions over the course of the year have not changed since the guidance we gave at SAM.
