Antonio Neri: Sure. Thank you, Shannon, for the question. I may start, and then Tarek, please feel free to add your comments. I mean, I will say, this quarter, Shannon, was characterized, in my mind, by enduring customer demand. And you see what the backlog is now. I mean, it's a record level, more than 3x normal historical seasonality in some segments. It's just amazing to see the demand momentum, think about the Aruba 20 times historical levels and even Compute five times historical levels. So that's very pleasing. And I think it's a testament of our value proposition, because GreenLake is a pull-through platform for us across every aspect of our portfolio. As we said on the supply chain, the supply chain dynamics remain largely unchanged. But what has changed for us is that over the months and the quarter, we have taken actions to dual source or to steer demand in our products and then obviously implement design changes. I think because of our combination of our portfolio and customer segments, we believe we are very well positioned to move forward through this challenge as we go into next quarter and into 2023. But we expect supply to remain challenged as we get into 2023. That said, I mean, the fact of the matter is that we believe that, ultimately, we're going to see easing signs because of the -- of what we see in the consumer space and even in automotive and industrial, which are a conversation with the suppliers as they start thinking now how to balance that supplier substrate and then obviously, enterprise is well positioned. In terms of clearing the backlog, this is going to still take quite a bit of time, and that's a good news for us, because it gave us momentum in Q4 in 2023, which is great because remember, two things have happened in that backlog. Number one is price for a strong gross margin as Tarek just went through. So in many ways, it's protected for that gross margin. And number two, we have not seen any meaningful cancellation of all.
Antonio Neri: One more thing, Shannon, is for you to also understand is that as we continue to grow the as-a-service component of this, the solutions for storage, compute, private clouds and the like are more standardized, which give us a better predictability on that front. So that will also help us move through this supply tight environment.
Antonio Neri: I will admit a couple of things. First of all, year-over-year, you see a slight decline in OpEx as a percent of revenue, but that OpEx that we report, obviously, large maturities, R&D and FXD. But when you look at that OpEx as a productivity lever against our orders and what we have done, you can see with the backlog we have, we have improved our productivity particular on the sales force side. And then in R&D, to Tarek's point, we started this program in Q2 2020 at the beginning of the pandemic. In fact, I will say we were the first company to come out with a resource allocation and optimization program that allow us to manage cost in a discipline way that reposition resources in the areas of growth we want to drive going forward. And so Tarek also said, we will continue to see operating leverage as we convert the backlog and we scale that revenue, which obviously, we have a significant backlog. But as a percent of the order momentum, the productivity has significantly improved.
Antonio Neri: I will say, Toni, just to add on that, we use the word steady, because, obviously, you can't use the word growth in the context of the compares here. But steady. Steady, and then within the steadiness, we have growth in some unique segments that continue. And Tarek talked about the Edge, we have a 20 times backlog in that business. And even on Compute, we still have 5 times. So -- and the other thing to remember here is that GreenLake is an accelerator of orders intake, because that creates us momentum in renewing and expanding and cross-selling across the business. So I think the original guidance we gave us at SAM last year, which was 2% to 4% over the long-term period, still absolutely true. And then when we get together at SAM here at the end of October, we're going to tell you what we're going to do specifically for 2023. But I sit here today and I feel pretty good about the momentum we have, because demand is steady, and our strategy is resonating with the pivot to as-a-service.
Antonio Neri: So Wamsi, just a comment on the question around structural and units and the like. We have talked about this now for a number of years, I will say. And every generation that we introduced in the Compute business, call it Gen10, Gen10.5, soon Gen11, you see that, generally speaking, the rule of two-thirds, one-third stays through over time, right? Two-thirds is structural, meaning it's related to the number of options you can attach to the server platform, and that's driven by more memory and more storage and different class of storage because obviously, as you go to NVMe and then go NVMe over Fabrics and others, including SmartNIC, the content of the service becomes richer and richer and therefore, the content of Pointnext OS also becomes richer because now you have different quantities to support. So over time, when I look at the trends, it's still kind of the same two-thirds, one-third. And this business continue to be over $12 billion, no matter how you look at it. But I'm confident, as we go through here with GreenLake, the type of configuration becomes richer as well because the cloud experience that we built around it.
Antonio Neri: Yes. I would just make one point on the last question, which is important that you understand as well. HPFS is very strategic when you pivot to as a service because as the business grows, you're going to manage a lot of assets. And fleet management is an essential component of the strategy. And that gives us a huge advantage when you have an asset life cycle management set of capabilities and scale, because in some cases, customers will say, ' Hey, I'm okay, we're using that solution, and we will have ability to deliver faster for our customers.' So I don't want to lose that point from a strategic perspective. Now just to closing, I know some of you have to go probably to the HPQ call, but I will wrap it up saying we had another solid quarter performance as we have done throughout 2022. I think our focus on the strategy, operational execution is absolutely delivering for shareholders, and that's reflected in our results and guidance. Our pipeline is incredibly strong and our backlog is now record breaking. And that gives us the confidence to deliver against our 2022 commitments and the guide that we just provided today. But what I'm really more pleased about is HPE is becoming more-and-more relevant to our customers because of our approach. And so we have crafted a unique, differentiated strategy that address, what I call, the data first modernization challenges and the opportunity we see in the market, and that's resonated with HPE GreenLake. So very confident in our ability to deliver what we discussed today, in Q4 and into 2023. And we have a very talented management team and 60,000 employees that really driven by this purpose to pivot the company and deliver for our shareholders. So thank you for your time, and we hope to see you at the Security Analyst Meeting in late October. Thank you.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Shannon, if I can add on a couple of comments. What we're doing is we are engineering new solutions that are less dependent on components that are experiencing shortages. We're steering demand toward those solutions, and this is across every facet of our portfolio. We are also multi-sourcing the most constrained components, and this is helping working through the backlog. But as Antonio said, this will remain a challenged environment into next year. And that is actually for us an opportunity to continue to drive revenue with high-quality margins into fiscal year 2023. I do want to pick up on your point that you made very rightly about the guidance and having absorbed 200 basis points incremental in foreign exchange terms. This is a very important point. 200 extra basis points of headwind is about $580 million of revenue. You multiply this by the OP margin, and you can really look at what impact would that have had on EPS. So we are very pleased with the performance of our business. And the fact that in spite of substantial foreign exchange headwinds, we are able to maintain the revenue guide of 3% to 4% in constant currency, and therefore, our EPS guide as a result. So thanks for pointing that out.
Tarek Robbiati: Of course, Meta. Thanks for asking the question. So FX is, obviously, a headwind to revenue because 55% of our revenue in the company is denominated in non-US dollar currencies. But it's -- as you point out, a tailwind to OpEx to some degree. Some of the cost that we incur is therefore lower on a dollar basis. Net-net FX is a headwind to operating profit and EPS. And so we started our cost containment in the middle of the pandemic, as you may recall, in April, May 2020. And we stay disciplined on OpEx moving forward. And this is shown to you by our gross and operating margin performance. We feel comfortable about our gross margin trend, and we believe per my script, that there is further opportunity to extract operating leverage in Q4 and beyond, thanks to the growth in high margin areas of our portfolio such as the edge. I feel pretty comfortable about the situation. If you look at our gross margins, to add more color, they're up 50 basis points sequentially and flat year-on-year. And this is in spite of an inflationary environment that would put a lot of pressure on supply chain, logistics costs and material costs, obviously, but also on labor costs. So on the whole, look for our margins and where they stand relative to those headwinds that we just discussed.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure. So this -- it's a great question, Toni. So first and foremost, I want to point out to you that our -- we don't comment and give a specific figure on the backlog. But suffice is to say that it's close to double what it used to be last year this time of the year. That's the first point to take away, and we're working through it and its firm. There are no meaningful cancellations. So that's a tailwind to revenue generation, and we are executing better and better in our global operations team to convert that backlog into revenues. Orders are there. And they are there when you really look at segment by segment, we give you in our presentation, the detail of the order growth. So you can see the order growth in the Edge, for example, which has been on relentless, we've had seven quarters in a row of substantial order growth at the Edge in double digits. And the same holds true for other parts of our portfolio. The HPC, AI has its own dynamics with futures and a substantial order book north of $3 billion. So demand is not slowing to the point where this affects our fiscal year 2023 guide that we gave you at SAM last year, and we reiterated during the course of this year. We still see continuous demand. Even in Q3, the demand was sustained across the portfolio in Compute, in Storage, in HPC, AI at the Edge. It's probably lower than what it used to be four quarters ago for obvious reasons. These are tough compares. But the way to think about it is that the tide has come up. And maybe now the tide is a little bit catching its breath, but it's still there relative to where we were at the pandemic data point.
Tarek Robbiati: I think you said very well, Antonio, we simply emphasize one thing strategically is, clearly, the word is now hybrid. Our customers have spoken, the market has spoken, the world is hybrid. For us to scale an as-a-service business in a hybrid world for any player to do so, you need to build a platform. Without the platform, you cannot scale, durably scale and take advantage of the hybrid world. And when you really look at what that means, it translates into higher margins in this business over time. The margins of this business are getting richer and richer as we add more services onto the platform and more software content onto the offerings. And we've made meaningful progress increasing our software and services mix by six point's year-over-year to the current level of about 64%. And we are targeting over 75% by fiscal year 2024 as we add more and more software content with storage data services such as Zerto, we add more softer content with networking services such as Silver Peak and new workloads. So we believe that our ARR is already well above corporate average gross margins, and we are driving it to even higher levels by adding more and more software, high-value content.
Tarek Robbiati: Yeah. Okay. So let me try and break that down for you through the P&L, Amit. We're entering Q4 with, as Antonio said, enduring demand and a record backlog. And yes, there are still uncertainties in supply chain and the macroeconomic environment with FX. In spite of this, we believe we can grow revenue in -- by at least 5% on an as-reported basis. And this reflects above normal seasonality with some supply improvement, but we will still face also a greater currency impact. And so if you take that 5% revenue growth on an as-reported basis and you assume that gross margins will be down modestly quarter-over-quarter, you have to make that assumption because Compute margins will return to more historical ranges. You combine that with the fact that OpEx should be down modestly because of the measures we're taking and the pause we're putting on hiring and expenses that are discretionary in nature, or I&E will probably remain flat to slightly down quarter-on-quarter given the higher interest expense that we are seeing due to interest rates increasing. Tax rate will remain stable. You can assume a 14% effective tax rate as guided at SAM. You take all of that math of revenue, gross margin, OpEx or I&E and tax and you get to the guide that we gave you of $0.52 to $0.60 non-GAAP EPS for Q4 2022.
Tarek Robbiati: Can I just add a little bit more color on the revenue AUP units dynamic here, right? So, I want to flag that our backlog consists of very healthy increases in both units and AUPs, right? The revenue in every quarter is more and more coming from the backlog. And specifically for Q3, regarding units and AUPs, units were down in high-teens because of supply chain tightness, but AUPs rose also in the high-teens because of richer configs. And the pricing actions that we've taken place. So, it remains a very dynamic business to watch for. Antonio flagged the need to monitor RAM prices, which we're doing on a daily basis. And we can be very quick at flipping our pricing strategy the other way should the market realign. But I think the longer-term trend that I would like you to focus on is the richer configs. These are the lead driver and the more structural driver of AUP increases rather than the pricing tools and measures that we can take. And we are very, very pleased overall with the way we're driving price margin units and mix in this compute business. And as Antonio pointed out, at 13.3% OP margins, this is by far the most profitable compute server business in the industry.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So, it's hard to really parse out what is structural by way of configs and/or pricing related with respect to what drives our overall AUP in the compute business. And the reason for it is, our own actions. We have started to steer the demand towards new configs where we do have the supply and particularly the Gen10 plus servers are very successful in the market today. And these are, by definition, higher config relative to the Gen10. And so, I would say a large chunk of the success that we have there is driven by our own engineering and the steering of the demand to be able to fulfill the orders that we have in the backlog. And then specifically for cash flow, overall, at the company level, the dynamic that you all need to take into account is starting from the revenue growth that we flagged, which would be at least 5% on a revenue basis, reported basis, applying the margins commentary that we discussed, you're going to have a certain amount of cash earnings growth in Q4 sequentially relative to Q3. But the most important driver of free cash flow in Q4 is our cash flow conversion cycle. We already started to see in Q3 as foreshadowed the working capital becoming a tailwind. And in Q4, as we turn through our backlog, and we drive, therefore, higher revenues, we're also going to drive inventory levels down. And our overall cash conversion cycle will move from a positive 18 today to a negative figure, which is favorable to free cash flow generation in Q4. That's the key dynamic that I want you to take away as we work through the inventory, the inventory has peaked in Q3, it will take longer than expected to work through that. But overall, our focus is on managing our cash flow conversion cycle, taking it back down to a negative number, which is good for free cash flow and we're going to start doing so with our team immediately in Q4, and we'll keep it there for the upcoming quarters.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, certainly. So yes, similarly to our competitors we're seeing originations or what we call financing volume up. It has increased 4% year-over-year. And this is driven by strong performance in GreenLake, but also whatever else we decide to finance in HPFS financial services. So the $13 billion lease portfolio is continuing to produce a substantial amount of profits and the profits come from two sources. One, it's a money-over-money business as all their financial services are, it's about spread and making sure that the spread is unaffected by rising interest rates. This continues unabated. And we also are seeing the second profitable driver of growth in HPFS, which is the fact that in this macroeconomic environment, customers tend to use their equipment for longer, which improves the realization of residual values. And so this is all ticking in the right direction. We're very pleased with this. And if you look back at the quality of the returns from HPFS, it's extremely high. Bad debt has returned to pre-COVID levels, which is remarkable. It shows the resilience of the portfolio and quality of the portfolio. And this is what stands behind a high return on equity of 19.5%, which is up 1.3 points from the prior year, and this is well above my long-term guidance for this business for an ROI of 18% plus and well above pre-pandemic levels. So very happy with the performance of HPFS.
