Tim Stonesifer: Yes, that’s correct. I mean, if you take into account the stranded cost, the $0.12 take down, obviously we have some short-term dilution that we’ve been talking about these recent acquisitions and then we continue to see commodity pressure in a very competitive pricing environment, the combination of those four things takes it down to about $1 by the end of the year. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, let me start with the $200 million to $300 million, so last quarter, when we announced that we thought roughly a third of that would happen in Q3 and two-thirds of that would happen in Q4. I just say we are tracking ahead of schedule. I mean, when I look at all the metrics, whether it be travel as an example is down 21%, if I look at contractor headcount, down 14%, rehire rates so how many jobs we fill, which is typically something very difficult for our leadership team to do because obviously there is a lot of work that needs to be done, that’s roughly half of what it was last year. So, we are seeing very good progress there. Like I said, I’d say more than a third is hitting in Q3 and we are confident that we’ll get the rest in Q4.  As far as the pricing components, we still see a very competitive environment out there, particularly in the U.S. So that is something we are not passing though as much as we like. Again, longer term, we think that we’ll be able to pass this pricing, the commodity cost pressure through, because as an industry, I think folks are going to need to make money. But we are not gaining the traction that we had anticipated and that’s why you are seeing the pressure. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure, I mean, first of all, let me start with Q3 and we were pleased to see that margins were up 50 basis points sequentially. Again, a lot of that was driven by the cost savings that we had laid out on the 2Q call offsetting the pressure that we’re sitting from a full quarter of stranded cost as an example in ES along with the short-term dilution.  So, as I look into Q4, I would expect those margins to improve. As we get more cost savings in Q4, as compared to Q3 although not as much as we had expected that’s certainly going to be helpful from a margin perspective.  As you will know, Toni, if you just look at seasonality in EG if you look at the last couple of years, we do see a - fourth quarter is our most profitable quarter. So we should expect to see that same type of lift in Q4 of this year and again as we continue to eliminate the stranded costs and the short-term dilution as we right-size the cost envelopes of those acquisitions that will drive some margin improvement as well.  But, to your question, I would expect to see those margins at the end of Q4 to be closer to 11% and the primary reason is we continue to see commodity cost pressure. I mean, if you just look at memory as an example, we are still up another 5% or 10% versus last quarter. And again, we are not getting the pricing traction that we had anticipated and that’s what’s causing the incremental pressure. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, fair question and we will certainly give you plenty of detail and the security analysts meeting. But just to help you frame it up, we should see some significant uplift from an EPS perspective in 2018 and let me just start with the tailwinds that we should see. So to your point, stranded costs and also the short-term dilution from those, the recent M&A deals that should come back and provide some tailwind for us in 2018 and you guys can quantify that based off of the color we have given.  The other thing that we should see some headwinds, although I am a little bit hesitant is foreign exchange. I mean, if rates stay where they are today and hold, then that would certainly provide some tailwinds for us. Now we’ll have to see what happens at the beginning of the year, but as I said, if they hold where they are today, that should provide some uplift.  Obviously, we are excited about HPE Next. We think that’s going to yield some significant savings. Now we’ll have to figure out the difference between the gross and the net, but overall, that should be positive. And then we should see some benefit from the lower share count. So those are all the positives we have going into the year.  As far as some of the pressure points that we’ll continue to see, although DRAM may soften a little bit, just keep in mind, we are going to have a full year impact of that versus what we had this year. So we do expect that to be a significant pressure point going into 2018, when you compare year-over-year, I mean, DRAM cost will be roughly double.  We are expecting and we will see what happens but we continue to expect to see a very difficult pricing environment. We are not anticipating that easing up in the near term. So that would provide some pressure and then we are obviously going to continue to invest in the business. But, net-net, hopefully that helps you frame it up, but given the positives and the negatives, we would certainly expect to see a significant uplift in 2018. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, I would just say, All-Flash in general was up about 30% and roughly 6% organically. We did see some pressure on 3PAR to your point, that’s primarily, again, we are seeing a very competitive pricing environment particularly in the U.S. in storage in 3PAR. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, Meg you can jump in here afterwards. I think we are going to continue to operate within the framework that we have and we are going to be very disciplined. It’s going to be returns based and it’s going to be sort of a three-legged stool. So we are going to continue to focus on organic investments, because when we do that well, and we do it right, it’s good for customers, it’s good for partners, it’s good for shareholders.  Think about All-Flash, think about Synergy and those types of things. Obviously, we are biased toward share repurchases right now. And then we’ll also look at M&A. Again, M&A that’s complementary IT that helps leverage our distribution where we can then blow out some profitable growth. So, I would expect this to continue to operate within that framework and like I said, we’ll give some more color as we get into the Analyst Meeting in October. 
Tim Stonesifer: And the only thing I would add to that is to Meg’s point, a lot of the HPE Next stuff is very structural. So that will obviously be more run rate related. But keep in mind that savings – the $1.5 billion savings is a gross savings number.  So, again, we are going to continue to see commodity cost pressure, one of the things you’ll see that we did very effectively with ES is we are going to hire people as we shift rules from high cost countries to low cost countries, we are going to be out hiring people and then we are going to continue to invest in the business. But net-net, it should drive some significant savings for the business going forward. 
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, I would say, it’s ASP driven. But again, as we – it depends on what product line you are talking about. If you are talking servers it’s ASP driven, so I’ll just leave it at that. 
Meg Whitman: And adding to that Toni, I think we can return to historic levels in 2018 but we are going to be probably a quarter or so delayed and we’ll see what happens in commodity pricing and those other things, but I also think HPE Next will certainly help.
Meg Whitman: Yes, sure. There has been some press. So, listen, I thought, I was called in very late in the Uber search and I thought it was a very interesting business model to me. It’s actually quite similar to Ebay in many ways. It’s very disruptive, that relies on a community of drivers just like Ebay relies on a community of sellers and the growth prospects reminded me of Ebay in its early days and as you know, I am also an investor in Uber and – but, in the end that wasn’t the right thing.  And but I would say, that has really nothing to do with HPE which is quite special in its own right and we have a very focused strategy and a path forward to build a very big business on what I think is a quite compelling strategy, hybrid IT, edge computing, IOT and much more. And we also have a remarkable customer base and partner base.  So, the other thing is I have dedicated the last six years of my life to this company and there is more work to do and I am here to help make this company successful and I am excited about the new strategy. So, lots more work to do and I actually am not going anywhere. 
Meg Whitman: Yes, I’ll take that and Tim can follow on. So, the results were quite a bit better in servers. Flat overall, but grew 12% to 13% excluding tier-1. And I’d say there is a couple of things going on. One is better execution, particularly in Americas, but actually across the board. And I think that execution will continue and we expect as we said to gain a bit of share in the second quarter.  There was also some improvement frankly in the overall market and in all – or easy compares in Q3 than they were in Q1 and Q2. But I also have to say the portfolio that we have worked hard to create that we have pivoted over the last couple of years, that is in faster growing more profitable areas in the markets is starting to kick in and you can see that in High Performance Compute, you can see it in synergies momentum that is not only, the actual product of Synergy, but it’s actually accelerating the core blade business.  We are also seeing good traction in hyper converge that grew triple digits, albeit off a small base. And then across Aruba continues to do very well. And interestingly on Aruba in the U.S. it reignited the wired networking business which was part of the thesis of the acquisition, but it’s actually playing out very nicely in the United States.  So, listen, I mean, I think the market is going to continue to be competitive. We are going to continue to face some headwinds from Tier-1s that was down versus Q3. But we are feeling much better about that core business and you really need to think about this as stabilizing the core transactional rack and tower business while we pivot the portfolio to higher margin and higher growth segments in the marketplace and that’s working.  The only thing I will say is what I’ve learnt over the last six years in this business, there is always something that could happen here, whether it’s floods in Thailand, floods in Houston, I mean, this is a remarkable situation that we face in Houston I have to say. And so, I feel good about our execution. I feel good about what we can control. 
Meg Whitman: So, listen a core part of our strategy is we make hybrid IT simple. And what CTP does very well is very consistent with our strategy which is what customers think to do is they just with their applications and their workloads.  First, make sure that they’ve got, they’ve rationalized those workloads as fast as they – and as much as they can and then decide where each of those workloads should go based on a total cost of ownership and how they want to pay for it, whether it be on a consumption based pricing model or CapEx.  So, that’s what this team does and we will add our expertise on on-prem private cloud. We’ll add our expertise in – because we do some of this today and it’s an opportunity to scale that practice. But listen, there are some workloads that customers probably should move to a public cloud and you know Azure is our public cloud partner.  We are excited about Azure’s stack on-prem. We aim to be the leader in infrastructure behind Azure stack on-prem. And so we want to make sure that we help customers find their right mix of hybrid IT and this is a nice way to scale that business for us.
Meg Whitman: Yes, listen, we are excited now about our storage portfolio. 3PAR plus Nimble, we get incremental scale, we get InfoSight which is obviously AI for the datacenter in the context of Nimble and I think one plus one here is going to equal more than two and we are really pleased, we are going to combine the R&D.  We are combining the sales specialist teams. We are leveraging, I think the strengths of both companies to give us more scale particularly in the All-Flash segment in the market which is growing. And you will recall that only about 10% of datacenters have moved to All-Flash. So there is a lot of running room there and we are a leader in that marketplace and we aim to continue that trend.
Meg Whitman: Let me give you a little context on that. So listen, there is obviously some short-term cost reduction that we are doing. But I have to say what we have done to the $200 million to $300 million in Q3 and Q4, I do not think it’s actually hurting the business. I think we are executing better than we were before and you can see that in our results.  But as we move into HPE Next, it is a much broader initiative than sort of normal cost reduction. We are essentially rearchitecting the company to be precisely built to compete and win in our markets and we are actually clean sheeting both the operating model and the organizational structure to simplify how we work and we want to take actions that optimize business processes and operations.  And let me just give you a couple of examples of that and this has all become very obvious as ES has moved out. When ES went to DXE on March 31, a $28 billion business on 110,000 people left this organization and it was in some way is like the tide going out. You could see where there were real opportunities to improve and I’ll give you a perfect example.  Think about platforms and SKUs and options. So we have about 50,000 live configs, live configurations in our server business. The old 80-20 rule applies. And so, as we are to really focus on the configurations that make the most difference. This will – think about it, inventory, nodes, purchasing, supply chain, everything gets simpler and easier.  Think about decreasing the layers in our customer-facing organization, so there is more accountability and decision-making closer to the customers. Reducing the number of markets that we operate in to prioritize the customers and the countries that are driving the vast majority of the business today and we’ll drive almost all the growth.  So this is the kind of thing we are doing. So, yes, I think the travel and the contractors are interesting and have not hurt the business, but the fundamental rearchitecture and reengineering of this business is I think very, very exciting. I think it’s going to be good for customers and it’s going to be good for our speed and nimbleness and agility as a company.
Meg Whitman: Yes, so, listen, I think when Brexit was first announced, we did see a pause in the demand in the UK market. No question about it because customers were trying to decide do they want to build their next datacenter in the UK or should they be building that datacenter someplace else in Europe. I think we are still feeling some after-effects from Brexit, because it’s not clear exactly how this is all going to work. So I would say, the UK market is a bit challenged for us.  It’s not only Brexit, it’s also the public sector that is cutting back spending quite dramatically. So the UK is not one of our stronger markets. It’s a very important market for us. But I wouldn’t say it is doing as well as the rest of Western Europe and frankly the United States, Canada, Latin America and Asia are all outperforming the UK right now. 
Meg Whitman: Yes, so, listen, I’d say we are cautiously optimistic about our server business. So you are right. Synergy has made a difference, High Performance Compute has made a difference, SimpliVity has made a difference and so there is – and we talk about Synergy is also really helping our blade business. It’s interesting people are buying more C-7000s because there is a roadmap to a future state.  So we are excited about that. I would also say Gen-10 is a real opportunity for us. I mentioned in my opening remarks that Gen-10 is now the industry’s most secure server. This is a big issue now for everybody and we are the only server company that has built security into the silicon in our servers. So we are cautiously optimistic.  I think, I would add commodity pressure, currency, it’s a very competitive pricing environment still. So, the only reason I am not even more enthusiastic is just there is challenges that remain in the market. We are executing a lot better here. Thanks to the U.S. team. Thanks to EMEA and APJ and Latin America. We are executing a lot better here than we have in the past with the stronger portfolio. Cloudline, you had a question about Cloudline.  So, listen, Tier-1 continues to be a headwind for us. It’s a very lumpy business with not much profit attached to it. And so, we need to figure out what the long-term answer is on Cloudline. And so we are evaluating that right now. We will, I think have an answer by the Security Analysts Meeting about what we want to do about Cloudline on a go forward basis. And Tim you might talk a little bit about how much – I think he asked a question about…
Meg Whitman: Okay, let’s see. So, you’d like to know the number. So, I can tell you, High Performance Compute with 40% with SGI and 10% organically. 
Meg Whitman: Yes, so, I think actually, I think did a very good job of getting to All-Flash early with 3PAR and then of course Nimble and then the two competitors that you mentioned actually showed up with an All-Flash product quite recently and they’ve been able to mine their installed base which we understood would happen.  So our objective is we got to go mine our installed base and then when a customer is thinking about upgrading to All-Flash, we got to make sure that we are in a competitive position there. I can’t give you an estimated growth rate of All-Flash. What I can tell you is, it’s faster, better, cheaper.  And that is usually a winning formula for CIOs and we are seeing a huge amount of interest in All-Flash as CIOs continue to be under cost pressure and performance pressure, All-Flash is a natural opportunity for them. So, I don’t know whether this will continue at a 30% growth rate, but it will be at least double-digits, I think for the foreseeable future, this is a fundamental trend in the datacenter. 
Meg Whitman: So, the federal business is an important part of our business in the United States. I think it’s roughly 10% to 15% of our revenue in the United States and we have an excellent position there. We’ve got longstanding relationships with almost every agency and every part of the federal government. So, a government shutdown would probably a blip honestly for us. There would be a speed bump there.  What I will say is a lot of these purchases are long head, they buy and then the delivery is over a long period of time. So probably that would not – if there was a government shutdown in October, that probably wouldn’t affect us until a little bit later in 2018. But listen, the government shutdown I don’t think is our friend or anyone else who sells to the government. That’s not our friend and we certainly hope that will not happen. 
Meg Whitman: Yes, let me talk a little bit about Aruba and why I think Aruba is seeing the traction that they are seeing. First is, you hear about CIOs digitalizing their environment and their interactions with customers. How many times have you heard a CIO saying I’ve got to digitize my environment. In many ways, Aruba is the wedge of how that gets done.  Either they are transforming their employee environment in their campuses across the world. So that it is a more modern work environment, mobile first and fundamentally changing their employee experience or it is a customer who is saying, I’ve got to change my interaction with my customers and whether that is a retail environment, fast food, hospitals, government interaction.  So, Aruba is on the cutting edge of this digital transformation that every organization is undergoing and that is fundamentally what’s driving demand. There is two things that differentiate Aruba. One is security. Whether that is ClearPass or Niara, we win on security virtually all the time. We have the most secure wireless network and that is an important decision criteria. There is also interesting things built into Aruba.  They bought a company called Meridian which is way finding and GPS. So whether that is way finding through a large big box retail environment, whether that is way finding through a hospital, this is a very important application that rides on top of Aruba.  The other thing is asset tagging. If you think about a hospital environment, where are- most of their assets are mobile and at the end of everyday they are never where they are supposed to be and the ability to asset tag and work to the wireless network has been a big selling point for a number of different customers.  So, listen, we compete hard every day there. But it is a very rapidly growing market and we are gaining share in the campus branch and edge. So, listen, we expect that to continue. I think that the Aruba team would also tell you they have benefited by part of being a part of Hewlett Packard, because when they were Aruba people loved the product, but some big companies were a little bit hesitant to sign on to a small independent start-up while part of HPE, they know we will stand behind Aruba and that has totally helped the revenue trajectory of Aruba.  So listen, we remain optimistic and they have a fantastic product, well priced with an excellent sales force with terrific white glove service and that’s another differentiator.
Meg Whitman: Yes, so listen, we think HPE Next will have positive revenue accelerators and it really goes to two major initiatives, one is how do we make decisions on accountability much closer to the customer. So that frontline sales executives can make the decisions in the field faster. And that by increasing the agility and the decision-making, I think actually, we will do more business.  Another case on revenue acceleration is our ability to quote configurations much faster. We’ve made progress on this over the last several years, but we need to make more progress. And how we change our pricing and our quoting to be much more customer-focused and customer-friendly, I think is an important element for us.  If you think about reducing the number of SKUs and options, this also makes it easier to sell, and faster to configure on offering and I think that will accelerate. And then I mentioned, probably like most companies, a small number of countries account for the vast majority of revenue and profit and will account for the growth in our industry over the next five to ten years and we want to make sure we are allocating the resources correctly to the largest countries with the countries that have the most growth and profit potential for us.  And so, I think that actually will accelerate. As you can imagine a 1% increase in the United States dwarf just about if you think of the long tail of countries that dwarfs the revenue in those long tail of countries. So those are some of the initiatives that I think by extension will impact revenue to the positive. So, we are very focused on, how do we be simpler to the business with, faster to the business with, which should result in revenue increases.
Meg Whitman: We do, actually we really do. We aim to go into FY 2018 with a clean sheet operating model in a way that I hope customers will see a difference right away and frankly it would be easier for our employees to get things done. If you think about what was required to hold this company together when it was a very large multi-business company, some of those ways of doing business, we need to let go off. And I understand why it was here, it was necessary in terms of growing together such a large company, but now that we are more focused with a focused strategy and a smaller company, I think we can do better in terms of making it easier for our employees to get things done. 
