Andrew Simanek: Good afternoon. I'm Andrew Simanek, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to welcome you to our fiscal 2019 third quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately one year. We posted the press release and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations webpage at investors.hpe.com.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions please refer to HPE's filings with the SEC including its most recent Form 10-K. HPE assumes no obligations and does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements.We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported on HPE's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2019. Also for financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our Web site. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details.Throughout this conference call all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on a year-over-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency. Finally, please note that after Antonio provides his high-level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides in our earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation can be found posted to our Web site and it is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call.With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.
Andrew Simanek: This is Andy. Sorry everyone for the technical difficulties we were having there. So, we'll jump back in with -- I believe Paul Coster asked a question about the macro environment, and any particular verticals that we're seeing unchanged. So Antonio…
Andrew Simanek: So we're already running over time. But I wanted to make sure we gave a little extra since we went dark for a second. So, let's go ahead and take one last question, please.
Antonio Neri: Yes, thanks, Katy for the question. Definitely, the commodity prices has started to come down. But I think we have executed with discipline on pricing and costs. And therefore, we're able to hold a lot of that. And in the short-term, we believe that will be the case, think about one to two quarters. But at the same time, let's remind ourselves that the content, since you asked the question about ASPs. The content that gets attached to each of the solutions continue to grow. So whether it is memory, sizing or storage sizing continues to grow. While the cost per bit maybe coming down, the reality more our overall content gets attached, and therefore less impact on AUPs. But I think we have done an excellent job in retaining the cost decline through more content attach and better pricing discipline. Tarek has a comment on that.
Antonio Neri: And I will add then on, which you've kind of -- Tarek, provided a comprehensive answer is the fact there is always opportunity to improve our cost structure. HPE Next was the framework to go about it, and we made huge progress. But since then we have cover all the areas, which we are executing and that's the normal course of business management.
Antonio Neri: I mean listen finding the right balance between growth and profit is always what we are after. I think as Tarek said, the portfolio mix shift is something that we are completely committed to do and is paying off, which has allowed us to make investments in the business in the areas we see the growth is going to happen going forward. And in that investment is both organic and inorganic, so we made a commitment to particular segments of the market on Intelligent Edge, which I believe is the next frontier through connectivity, security and the cloud consumption model.I think the multiple use cases we see expanding in that space are sources of growth, and we feel pretty good about with the latest innovation we brought into the market. As I think about the core business right, the workload optimize cloud enabled and consumption driven model are areas of growth. And in that, when you think about workloads we will drive growth, we talk about HPC, high-performance compute, the ability to provide hybrid solutions with software defined experiences is where we're making investments.And so for us, finding that balance is key but also getting the portfolio in the right place is what we are really after. And obviously, we believe we are in the right place. And the service piece of this is obviously very critical. And that’s why I’m so excited about the GreenLake offering, because there is a point of differentiation for us in the marketplace that customers are paying attention and even our competitors for that matter. But getting growth also on the underlying businesses like we did with Nimble is as foundational. I don't know Tarek if you want to add anything.
Antonio Neri: So there are no one-time factors that affect the gross margins that's the first thing you can take that off the table. The second thing Toni that affects the gross margins is, the mix shifts versus the commodities. I'd say to put some metrics around this, roughly 50% was mix shift and 50% was commodities. As part of that, you also have to the mix shift pertaining to Pointnext. Pointnext OS cost of services is effectively affecting our gross margin. We're injecting more and more automation in Pointnext OS to reduce the actual cost of labor that affects the gross margin component.So all of the levers that are available to us and I -- last but not least the supply chain as we spoke a moment ago, are contributing to augmenting the gross margins. We have a new team in global operations. We are starting to feel the weight of -- that they carry and the traction they're gaining. We want to see further savings from supply chain moving forward. And so on the whole, because we know this is the most important metric that govern the tax base, we will drive the gross margins to higher level. So how high is up? It's for us to see and for you to determine overtime as we execute. But we are very pleased with the progress so far, Toni.
Antonio Neri: Yes, Tony, I mean, let me start by stating that the world is hybrid. And I quote that some of the deals that we won this quarter, where you see the value of placing data and workloads both on-prem and off-prem and that's the new reality. And more and more of those overloads and data will be processed at the edge and that's the big opportunity. That's why I have a lot of confidence and confidence in the fact that the data around us will continue to explode, fueled by the digital transformation we all experience in every industry. That data has tremendous value.We are only utilizing 6% of that data today and that's why we see an acceleration of new techniques, like AI, machine learning, big data analytics. And that's why we're making quite a significant of investments first to make our infrastructure more intelligent so that our customers don't need to spend money running that infrastructure. Second, to give a simple experience, like you would think about the public cloud in many ways but with the same economics, because we have talked to -- I spend 50% of my time with customers and they are telling me at their scale of production workloads, it is cheaper for them to run it on-prem than off-prem. That said, they will put workloads in both places. And last but not least is the fact that they want to consume more and more as a service, and that's the new reality.And so that's why when I bring it together, the world is hybrid, the Edge is becoming more and more intelligence, the data has value, because that's where outcomes have been derived. And I think our portfolio is uniquely positioned to address these new realities and how we connect this world is opportunity going forward. We have been trimming down, pruning down all the areas we don't want to participate and unfortunately that has taken time for as the Tier 1 business or some of the advice and professional services and companies where we believe we couldn't get scale, re-pivot that resources and funding as we want to go forward and then augment that investment with targeted, very disciplined acquisition or return on invested capital that will drive growth.And that's why I'm confident, Toni. Obviously, we need the right innovation and the right talent. But I will say this team is really executing with remarkable discipline and you can see the expanded profitability, and I think that will continue.
Antonio Neri: Yes sorry about that, I'm not sure what happened. We will check into after this. But you asked the question about the unevenness of the market and most importantly which segment of the market. I will start to answer the question that, we see good momentum in SMB and mid-market, particularly in the transactional business. And that’s why we have a lot of focus both on the product portfolio and the go-to-market. We’ll make some announcement with Aruba on Instant On and the low touch no touch, particularly on the e-commerce side with our channel partners.And then on enterprise, we see strong demand in healthcare. I spend a lot of time with them here at our ADC because of the digitization of the experiences, with the mobile first cloud first approach, at same time the industrial space with manufacturing. They need to bridge the analog world with the digital world. Oil and gas obviously continue to be a little bit hit and miss there, because of the situation with oil. But overall, I mean, when it comes down to larger deals that’s where we see the elongated sales cycles. Sorry about the disruption.
Antonio Neri: And I want to add to that, that since, I run the compute business for several years. And I have to tell you, the tick-tock of the technologies and the amount of memory storage you can attach continue to increase. As we go through the next generation or Gen11 and just take a look at just the latest announcements we made with the AMD, the amount of memory channels you can attach more options to it continues to grow. And so now on the same form factor, you have way more memory and way more storage capacity.And like I said before, as the cost per bit may be going down the number of bits continue to grow. And therefore, what we said before is two-third of that AUP is structural and that will continue, because now we have new solutions like non-volatile memory and so forth. And so, those are technologies that will find its way through the portfolio that we already provide in the next generations.
Antonio Neri: And as we go along, we're going to share more about this. But the bottom line there is with new logos and expansion of current contracts, so that's the reality. And one of the things that we saw with GreenLake, which is very pleasing is the ability to continue to grow once you're in the contract. And the renewal rates, which are 99% and the NPS score is 91, which is remarkable for a business like that. And one comment I want to add on the volume versus value. We categorize that based on the type of server we talked before on the compute side, but more of the volume will become value as we add, to Tarek point, more software and more of the IP we acquire, particularly in areas like Plexxi in a compostable rack. And you can think about a server that has a volume aspect but a ton of value added on top therefore becomes, in a packaged solution, becomes a value overtime.
Antonio Neri: But I think this is something very important, our units were up sequentially, and after that the major takeaway. And second is that, our ability to attach to the right units has improved dramatically and that's why we draw the best services intensity yet. And so for us that's what our strategy is and more software content we add, obviously we attach all the type of services, particularly in the software license associated with those units, not just associated Proactive Care or break/fix type of support.Again apologies, I don't know what happened to the web service here, but we're looking to it. But I just want to wrap up by reiterating that we are pleased with our progress in what we call an uneven market. We executed with strong discipline, which obviously you can see the results and expanded profitability on record levels of cash flow that give us the confidence to raise our outlook and reaffirm both to 2019 and 2020 free cash flow. And at the same time, we continue to invest in the business, both organic and inorganically so we can continue to focus on that growth that Shannon asked the question with the right level of profit.So with that, we're looking forward to see you on October 23rd, at the Security Analyst meeting. Thank you.
Tarek Robbiati: I just want to add to what Antonio said. There are two effects had played, as you pointed out; one is a tailwind from commodities that Antonio commented on; and there is also the revenue mix shift. The revenue mix shift is really critical to us sustaining the gross margins going forward. And we're confident that by continuing to grow the areas, the revenue streams of higher gross margin, we can maintain the level of gross margins we have overall.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, I'm glad you asked the question. Last time even I spoke and you asked us why we didn't raise the free cash flow guidance, you may remember that. My answer to your prior question was we had a pretty wide range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. So we stopped to that guidance back then. And now specifically with DXC award from the arbitration, we feel that there are essentially three factors that give us confidence to be able to still deliver the guidance at $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion.Number one, you know that our Q4 quarter is the strongest one from a free cash flow generation. We continue to believe this will be the case in this quarter; number two, if you really look at the free cash flow guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion and the outperformance on non-GAAP EPS that our performance is about $250 million in underlying cash flow earnings; and number three, we also said at the beginning of the fiscal year that our working capital will be this year contributor to free cash flow as opposed to a use of cash flow resources. So the combination of these three factors makes us believe that at this time, we can withstand the payment of $666 million to DXC. I will not hide from you that this won't be easy. But at this stage, we feel comfortable we can do that.
Tarek Robbiati: So as Antonio said, we feel that the commodity tailwinds will continue for a little bit, couple of quarters as he mentioned in the prior question. Over and above that the revenue mix shift plays a very important role in driving higher gross margins. The revenue streams that we have highlighted on our presentation on Slide 7, if numbering is correct -- Slide 8, excuse me. If you really stack up these revenue streams, they all come up with improved gross margins individually due to the commodities, but also as the more higher value revenue streams from value, compute and storage kick-in, you can see that the revenue mix will move into favorable gross margin territory.And third, I think you know we are also as a management team looking always at ways under HPE Next and otherwise through our global operations team, finding efficiencies in the way we repurchase commodities to build our product that we manufacture. So on the whole we feel that we have sufficient levers between commodity tailwinds, supply chain efficiencies and revenue mix to sustain the gross margin.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, I just would like to put a little bit more context on what Antonio has said and put some perspective on our fiscal year '19. Fiscal year '19 was not a year where we wanted to dial up the growth. Fiscal year '19 is a year where we had to deliver on EPS commitment, drive free cash flow, these are the two most important metrics, prepare ourselves to dial-up the growth in the subsequent quarters. And we feel that we've done a fair bit of progress here. There’s of course more to be done. But you can see on Slide 9 that we’ve made significant investments in FSC dollars and R&D dollars to dial-up the growth in the upcoming quarters.In addition to Antonio’s point, the inorganic investments that we have made will bear fruit. Effectively today, we secured the approval for the completion of the Cray acquisition. This has become official just a few minutes before our call. So we will close the Cray acquisition in Q4 of fiscal year '19 and start to consolidate immediately upon the close, which is late in the quarter of fiscal year '19. More of that growth will be felt in fiscal year '20 as a result of the consolidation but notwithstanding the consolidation of Cray, we will grow our business overall.
Tarek Robbiati: And Toni, I will add one thing. Obviously, we talk about our newness and what’s going on in the market. But I think this team has executed with discipline. Discipline to participate in the market we want to compete, to extract value from that market. And that's what resulted in expanded profitability.
Tarek Robbiati: So I will say the SMB market continues to be strong and this where we are putting a lot of our emphasis on what we call in a no touch low touch model for the transactional high velocity business. We also introduced new offerings targeted for that segment of the market. An example is Aruba Instant On where you know now you can, if you are a small business from a single couple of clicks back two, three clicks on a mobile app, you can actually deploy entire Wi-Fi infrastructure for less than $200. And so that [Technical Difficulty]…
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you for asking the question. I should have mentioned this. Nothing has changed for our 2020 $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion of free cash flow guidance.
Tarek Robbiati: So we are starting to see AUP come down, which were up at very low single-digits and these were reflecting lower DRAM cost that are starting to be pass through. But we're now almost at a full Gen10 mix. So we're getting less uplift from the new generation. Having said that, we continue to see more and more option attach and richer configurations, as Antonio mentioned, that will continue to be a trend due to the ever increasing amount of data that has been generated and consumed. So consequently, we should see AUPs tick back up overtime DRAM costs start to level off or even potentially rebound in the future.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, look you're right in your assertion around Tier 1. Right now, Tier 1 as we said is 2.2% of HPE's revenue year-to-date. So in the last quarter, it was roughly the amount as you've indicated. But it is coming at a much higher gross margin and we're happy with that level of gross margin. Revenue with no gross margin makes no sense to us. With respect to the rest, 50-50 is roughly the answer between volume compute and value compute. But within that, you also have more and more software defined solution, which will lift the gross margin up of each of those two categories. And so that is important to note. We're making those investments in R&D to drive differentiation. That differentiation comes in the form of software defined infrastructure, in both volume and value compute and of course, needless to say, storage and all the other offerings that we have in hybrid it.
Tarek Robbiati: So we have north of 600 customers right now. Our total contract value is in excess of $2.5 billion from GreenLake.
Tarek Robbiati: So remember, in Pointnext overall, you have two revenue streams that have very different economics. One is Pointnext OS and the other one is the A&PS business. Overall, we feel good about the long-term opportunity in Pointnext and particularly following Antonio's announcement at Discover to offer our entire portfolio as a service by 2022, and this is where the GreenLake plays a crucial role. In Q3, the services orders for Pointnext OS and Nimble grew 3% in constant currency, and our book-to-bill ratio was similar to last quarter about 1.12.It is important to understand that the mix shift that we're driving across the portfolio of compute to more sophisticated software defined offerings is increasing our attach rates and service intensity to levels that we haven't witnessed in the past. The service intensity in Q3 was the highest quarter ever. GreenLake as we mentioned is also a key driver of Pointnext orders, and is one of our fastest growing businesses with strong customer momentum, and GreenLake grew 42%. So that gives you good color around Pointnext OS. And with respect to A&PS, it's a much smaller portion of the total Pointnext revenue stream. And we are optimizing that business for growth and profitability with the country exits that Antonio referred to at the beginning of this conversation.
Tarek Robbiati: So units were still declining at the low single-digit rate. This hasn't changed but it doesn't truly bothers me again, it's just as this -- what we're trying to do is to shift towards those units that drive higher services attached, number one. There is also, an important point to note is that when you look at units on a sequential basis, they were up. So what matters is that we look at the momentum of the business overall and what drives the attach rates, which is service intensity in the right type of units, we feel reasonably good about the performance on this quarter on that front.
