Antonio Neri: Sure. Thank you for the question, this is Antonio. I'm going to start and I'm going to give it to Tarek. So first of all, let's recap Pointnext, which we are pleased with our bookings performance which as Tarek said in the Operational Services business grew 2% year-over-year, but when you look at the book-to-bill ratio which is the orders that we take now against the current revenue period or the current period revenue and you think about the future which is basically translate those orders into revenue, that was 110% which is very, very strong. On the Advisory and Professional Services in your question, we started last year as a part of HPE Next and will be done sometime at the latter part of this year, and we are as I said earlier in my HPE Next commentary is the fact that we are really refocusing Advisory and Professional Services in fewer countries so we can make big investments where we can drive the pull through above our software-defined infrastructure, our Intelligent Edge and the attach that goes with it. So instead of being in 170 countries, we're going to be in fewer countries, and that work is well underway and that's the declining revenue that we saw in Q1. But as I said in my remarks, we see that inflection point to start happening in the second half of 2019. Tarek, I'm not sure if you want to add anything on that.
Antonio Neri: The only thing I will add Ashley since you asked the question, remember one of the key components of that Operational Services portfolio is also HPE GreenLake, which grew double digits, and to give a size of that business for you to understand it, we already have more than 450 customers under that type of contract. The TCV value of that over the period of time is already over $2 billion and this business is going to be close to $1 billion run rate business for us in year. So we are very excited about that because I made the comments in my remarks that it's the only on-prem true consumption-driven offering on the market.
Antonio Neri: Sure. I mean I'm going to comment for us not for the other vendors. Listen, from a macro perspective the demand remains steady, and obviously we continue to monitor the economic uncertainties driven by global trade and Brexit and others, but our demand was very steady throughout the quarter, and people ask me questions like the government shut down had an impact to the U.S. business, the answer is no, zero. In fact, one of the elements of the portfolio we serve to the government is the high-performance compute, and I can tell you our high-performance compute in that segment in the government grew triple digits. When you ask me about Brexit, our business in U.K. grew double-digits, and in China we have an unique set up which Tarek made the comment about our joint venture with a Chinese partner in a company called new HPC. We at this point in time, I always talk about this from the customer point of view, we see customers accelerating their digital transformation, I talk about all the time about the explosion of the data around that. That data is outpacing the compute power, but that compute is shifting. It's not just in the cloud. It's moving to the edge, and that's why I talk about the ability to provide the cloud computing at the edge, and that's why our edge computing platforms grew triple digits this quarter. So we may have a different portfolio, and maybe we may have different focus on the segment, but we saw no slowdown in our demand in Q1, and that's why, together with our portfolio and our sound strategy, we are very confident to accelerate growth in revenue in Q2 and beyond, and that's why we also raised the EPS guidance.
Antonio Neri: Yes. So on the server side, Tony a couple of things, our value compute grew 20% in aggregate, and you saw some of the commentary around the software-defined infrastructure with hyperconverged growing 70% and high-performance compute growing 50%. And obviously we are an extended Tier one business right which that continues to be now a less of an impact for us, but if you look at the growth of compute overall it was minus 3, but if you excluded the Tier 1, it's plus 3%. So we expect that headwind to continue to be less and less, because obviously we continue to deplete that specific segment. On the edge side, it's still relatively small in our overall basis, but we are very encouraged about the momentum because we're growing triple digits, and that will continue to be the case. And the reason why that's the case Tony is because we see the growth of that cloud closer when the data is created, and we see new use cases in manufacturing, transportation and health care. And the embedded compute in those platforms plus the cloud closer where the data is a better economics for customers in many of the use cases. So that's what we see today. From the AUP perspective, our AUP continue to grow, and that's a function of the fact that we said many times that two-third of the AUP is structural because as you know the commodity costing has been declining, and it takes longer time to pass that through, but the reality we continue to grow AUPs roughly 20% which is a function of what customers are buying which is configurations related to AI and big data analytics and other software-defined infrastructure. So that's what we see Toni at this point in time.
Antonio Neri: Sure Katy. So one point I want to make on the previous question is the fact listen we need to manage the Company for the long term, and obviously we continue to accelerate investment where we see the opportunity to grow and deliver shareholder value. So to Tarek's point this is just Q1 and we see opportunity to accelerate some investments. To that question that Toni asked the Intelligent Edge is absolutely an area that we continue to invest. And you saw in the numbers right, that we are growing, but also reinvested significantly back into the business. And in that think about the connectivity aspect of this as 5G comes online, there is an opportunity to integrate 5G into the overall control plane and data plane that will provide customers within Aruba platforms. Think about the cloud computing and the edge we talked earlier, and then in the core business right for us it's all about software embedded in our solutions because customers want a workload-optimized solution on prem that they can connect to a cloud in a very efficient way. And all of that is going through software, and as you think about that is the private cloud on premises with the right consumption model, with the right simple aspects of the experience to provision and manage that infrastructure? And we feel very good about that. That's why Synergy is a billion-dollar run rate business for us. And when you think about Synergy 95% of that business or the platform is software. That's why HPE OneView now is the foundation to deliver that composable cloud and the hybrid cloud vision, and that's why there's already more than 1 million licenses deployed. So think about core, all about software AI, machine learning to automate everything and to make that Hybrid IT experience simple, and on the edge really the edge compute connectivity and security, and obviously services, services for us is very, very significant and the consumption model is one aspect of that.
Antonio Neri: And to be clear that investment is again in the areas I talked earlier before is all about accelerating innovation accelerating innovation based on the customer feedback which feedback i s our strategy is sound and is resonating with them. Our HPE Next actually gives us the operating leverage together with our mix shift to make some of those choices.
Antonio Neri: Yes absolutely. We are incredibly excited about the new offering that Aruba brought to market here Aruba 510 access point that to your point now are going to deliver this new experience with the 802.11ax which improves bandwidth and improve the overall experience. As you know Aruba is the software platform that provides a mobile-first cloud-first approach. And these access points are actually going to enhance those experiences. And the 8225 switches are the next iteration of programmable switches that ultimately take advantage of these newer capabilities and we expect that to accelerate growth. Listen the Aruba portfolio the wireless LAN grew double digits and that's great. But as you know when customers see this new technology they also want to take advantage of it. And also in the United States you have programs like and all those that come to play. And so I know there was another question before that didn't come up but since I'm here I'm going to answer proactively. It was the Q4 deals have an impact to the Q1? The answer is no. It's just normal seasonality and our bookings and Aruba products are incredibly strong. So this is just about converting the bookings to revenue and then take advantage of these new offerings which are super super bullish.
Antonio Neri: Yes I don't want to make a comment on that because remember the units that have been declining is the units that have no attach to Pointnext. That's what I really want to emphasize versus the units are growing are the ones that drive the attach to Pointnext Operational Services which are they're value units whether it's high performance compute or hyperconverged and others. And that's why those businesses that are growing whether they're growing 50% or 70% with AUP of increase of 20%. The reality is that drives the night attach and that's why our book-to-bill ratio was 110% and that's why our Operational Services business grew as well. So that's why I want to emphasize that because they two hand-in-hand versus the volume commoditized which is a big churcn for the unit decline was the Tier one and no implication to Pointnext. In terms of China as I said before we have a unique setup there. But Asia Pacific without China grew again and that's what is important and it grew double digits. But in China because we are set up they have a combination of a portfolio of HPE products and Chinese products. As you can imagine selling in that market is not linear in uniform because when you saw the government right they would like you have more Chinese products versus selling in the traditional commercial space. But in the end we don't are not concerned at all because in the end we have a 49% stake that delivers very nice dividends. And we are driving that upside together with our shareholders because we pass those dividends to our shareholders. And so I want the community to understand that that business as a whole is growing but the mix within that business is shifting. But the reality is we pass the benefit of that growing business to the dividend side.
Antonio Neri: I will add one thing to that point here is that we see again the explosion of the data as a driver to drive growth. Our high-performance compute portfolio is best in class and we see the momentum accelerating. Aruba will continue to accelerate starting Q2 and beyond because of new offerings and also because how demand shapes throughout the year. And obviously our software-defined portfolio clearly is resonating with customers. That together with the comments that Tarek made about the Tier 1 we actually very very confident that our Q2 and beyond our revenue will accelerate from the current levels. And that's why together with our mix and together with our cost disciplined execution we are confident to raise the guidance. And as I said in my comments I think there are more opportunities here to continue to drive that shareholder value. And again our innovation is the best we ever had. The employee morale in the company is the best we've ever had. We just moved to a new headquarters here which is phenomenal. And we are winning in key segment of the markets where we decide to focus on. So that gives us the confidence that we can accelerate revenue.
Antonio Neri: Yes absolutely because if the channel doesn't grow we can't grow. So 70% of our business in the core Hybrid IT and up to 90% in Aruba are all driven by the channel. And in fact the more I will be talking to the channel partners about our momentum and our innovation to all the key seals in there with us. So they like unpredictable channel program so they can understand how to make money with us. But ultimately they like our portfolio to serve our customers better. So our sellout in the channel has grown double digits and that's why we are confident.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Antonio. I would simply add by highlighting the fact that under the umbrella of Pointnext, we have essentially two types of businesses. We have the Pointnext Operational Services business which is a maintenance business across all our installed base and our customers; and we have also the A&PS business which is by and large a consulting business that we run globally. To answer your question Ashley most of the decline in revenue, was driven by A&PS and this is the fruit of decisions we made with respect to country exits. The order book on Pointnext Operational Services is working well. We're very confident with the order levels that we've seen across Pointnext Operational Services and Nimble services in the quarter, and the book-to-revenue ratio, the book-to-bill ratio, the 110% is pointing to long-term revenue generation by this business unit.
Tarek Robbiati: I'm glad you're asking the question. So the richest margin revenue stream is Pointnext operating services. A&PS is a lower margin, but still very profitable for us compared to Operational Services.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. I think Toni your math doesn't work. The improvements in operating profit is driving the vast majority of the growth that is tend to be behind our guidance change. Yes, there is some benefits from tax, but the difference is not going to drive more than $0.01 and a little bit more potentially from our math. The OI&E improvement is also a function of two things. There is the interest expense side that we are managing and keeping under control, and there's also dividends from China that we explained and continue to [indiscernible]. That is responsible for $0.01 or $0.02. On the whole, the real driver of operating performance is the expansion in gross margin. We expanded gross margins 280 basis points year-over-year, and that is really the key acid test in my mind in the way we want to look at the business moving forward. With HPE Next also driving higher levels of efficiencies from an OPEC standpoint, and this is why you can see a pretty large improvement in overall operating margins which are now at 8.9% in Q1, up from 7. 3% in Q1 last year once you've normalized for the pension adjustment. So it's 160 basis points improvement year-over-year in operating margin overall.
Tarek Robbiati: All right, it's true, Katy, we beat by $0.07 and we gave back $0.05 by way of guiding guidance improvement. This is only Q1, we have three quarters to go, we want to accelerate growth and give me $0.02 to be able to do that.
Tarek Robbiati: No. Jeff look the gross margin improvement of 280 basis points is sustainable. But in my speech I've explained the sources of that improvement which have to do with supply chain efficiencies improvement such as logistics cost manufacturing overhead cost reductions and also to a much lesser extent the improvement in commodities cost. The mix is the fundamental point that drives the improvement in gross margins. It's not just the cost of sales but the mix of the revenue drives the improvement in gross margins. This has caused us to beat guidance in this quarter by $0.07. This is the first quarter of the fiscal year. We see potential. I talked to many customers to continue to grow and accelerate growth starting Q2. And so we are going to make a limited amount of investments to go and pursue that growth moving forward.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure Rod. I'll take a quick grab at the units and AUP question. So as Antonio mentioned AUPs were up again about 20% or so this quarter. And so you can kind of back into the unit numbers that they were down similar to what we saw last quarter. So no major change in the dynamic because obviously compute excluding Tier 1 grew 3%. So I think the important thing that Antonio mentioned was we've got enough structural AUP uplift to continue to drive overall growth in core compute. So no major change from that dynamic perspective. And maybe Antonio I'll let you take the
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. If I can just at a commentary on this one because it's really important to understand our setup in China. Look most companies who set up a business in China most Western companies typically set it up with a special purpose and they call the Chinese partner and both parties put their assets and know how to work with a joint venture to succeed. Very few players across all sectors have a 49% stake in the substantial operational China. We do. If you really want to look more at our Chinese business you have to refer back to the parent company UNIX which is listed in China and see how much of the profit of our HPE joint venture contributes to the total profit pool of UNIX. So the setup for us is optimal and what we're trying to do is to manage the operations as Antonio said through the mix of products to maximize profits and dividend payouts.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Europe was actually the best-performing region I would say. when you think about that. And we have very strong growth in many of the geos within Europe. I mean I made a comment about Brexit early on that our U.K. business grew double digits. So France, so Germany. We are very strong momentum in Europe. And I think our portfolio considering how business is done there and how customers adopt new technologies is incredibly suited for that market. So overall we are very pleased with Europe. They grew 3% year-over-year. And then that you have others in the Central European countries that I talked about our Advisory and Professional Services. But the core business and the Operational Services business grew very nicely. And we see an expansion with Aruba too. 
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. Let me try and add a little bit of color for all of you to understand this point. We did say and we guided that we would be growing revenue for the full year. There is no change to that. However there were a couple of dynamics that we also flagged to you. Number one currency. We still expect a 1% to 2% of headwind from currency. It's closer to 2% rather than 1%. and there's also good Tier one dynamic. The Tier one revenue decline has diluted our growth profile. What gave us now more confidence that we can grow as of Q2 is because we have seen the Tier one decline being sharper than what we originally anticipated which reduces the dilution effect for the subsequent quarters. And that's why we made a commentary overall that we can see acceleration of revenue from Q2 Q3 and Q4. And finally and most importantly what really is driving this level of confidence is all the discussions we're having with our customers who are reiterating that their plans continue at pace. And that's why we qualified the macro environment by saying it is steady.
