Antonio Neri: Well, thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy. Hewlett Packard Enterprise finished the year with a very strong performance. In Q4 we saw a notable rebound in our overall revenue with particular acceleration in key growth areas of our business.
Antonio Neri: So I just want to emphasize a couple of points that I hope that, I think got lost through Tarek’s commentary here, because he provided a lot of insight. Our orders in Compute without China, because as you know we have a difference, it was up 2% quarter-over-quarter, our new orders. And then as we think about the total server category, which is Compute plus HPC plus MCS, you combine all of that and basically when you normalize for the backlog, we would have been up quite a bit sequentially and up low-single digits year-over-year and that’s why we believe we have gained share in total server revenue.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. Thank you for the question. I mean, we committed to doubling down on the Edge two years ago, where I went on to state that the Intelligent Edge is the next big frontier. And when you think about digital transformation, all starts with a connectivity. And in order to participate in the digital transformation, you need connectivity, you need security and then ultimately you need to bring the cloud computing, where the data is created and we have now seen that the vast majority of the data is created outside the data center, outside the big cloud and more and more where we live and work. Obviously, the pandemic has validated what I said two years ago that the enterprise of the future will be edge-centric, cloud-enabled and data-driven. And when I think about our Q4 performance and I am going to speak organically, because the Silver Peak acquisition was just four weeks, five weeks in our numbers. We grew year-over-year versus our competitors in the traditional space whether its Cisco,  orders declined and that’s why we believe we are going to gain share. And the reason why we believe the momentum will continue is not just because of the transformation that we see in customers, particularly as we are going to be in a much more distributed enterprise where connectivity has to be ubiquitous, it’s because we have a cloud native solution. It is important that the street understands our Aruba Edge Services platform is a software company and provides cloud connectivity from the cloud with security, analytics, AI and all the things that you need in this environment at massive scale and it has been designed for devices, people and things. And that’s why we have in that platform today more than 65,000 customers and we are adding 14,000 new devices every single day and that momentum is all about the experience we can provide and this is why we saw the 14% growth sequentially and also we saw the 5% year-over-year growth. But what is interesting is it is a software-as-a-service growth because ultimately that contributes to our ARR. And by the way, our switching was up sequentially high-single digits versus our competitor down and our wireless LAN was up 20% quarter-over-quarter. So, we believe we have something special and unique here right at the middle where the customer demand is. I don’t know, Tarek, if you want to add any commentary.
Antonio Neri: And I think you should walk away with three key trends, so that you can put that in context. One is, Wi-Fi for secured remote worker solutions. Wi-Fi 6 refresh, which is a pull-through for switching because of the architecture and obviously the acceleration as for SD-WAN, which obviously Silver Peak plays a huge role. And last but not least, we see an increased demand in NaaS, which is network-as-a-service, which obviously is a component of our HPE GreenLake offering.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. Well, that’s part of the thesis why we combined Cray with the organic portfolio HPE had. You need to look at the segmentation of the business. Obviously, Cray plays on the top end of the supercomputer market with a unique set of technologies both in software and silicon. That’s very important to understand. Cray brought to us a fully verticalized stack from the silicon, particularly in the interconnect fabric to the entire software to manage these very specialized workloads which is a significant point of differentiation for us. And then the HPE Apollo, which is a platform I actually introduced when I was running the Compute business in 2013, plays more in the mid-range and the low end in a density optimized and other types of workloads. The combination drives tremendous synergies across the entire segment and it’s true it is lumpy. No question about it. But it’s lumpy because the way the mechanics works in term of revenue recognition. So in this business, obviously, you take the order, then you have the time to build it. It takes some times months to build one of the systems. You have to ship it, you have to install it, you have to run the workload and only when the customer give us acceptance we can recognize revenue. But remember, what we showed at SAM is the fact that we have more than $2 billion in backlog, meaning awarded business that we expect to ship between ‘21 and ‘22, and that business is already won, okay? And some of those include exascale systems, which obviously, we shared the data with you, which we won five out of six. But since SAM, we won new deals and I quoted some of those in my opening remarks, like the Pawsey deal and the European Union deal and these are typical. And the reason why we win is because we have a very set of specialized technology. And the need to collocate data in Compute is unique. And that’s why not only we continue to grow the business at the pace you saw, but also we own 39 of the Top 500 supercomputers and we own 37% of the share. So we are very pleased with this business. Our thesis is coming through and the reason is because of data. Data is exploding, AI is now a democratized tool in many ways. You need high-performance computing capabilities to run it. By the way, we see now the momentum on margins too, right, because now we own more of that stack.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Listen, as we look into the future, our business needs opportunities for cost savings, simplifying our footprint. And also remember we learned quite a bit, Shannon, about the team preferences about the future to work. Altogether, we made the decision to relocate the headquarters. Let me be clear, our technological hub for innovation, particularly in Aruba, Software and Storage is in Silicon Valley. And basically what we are doing is consolidating our Silicon Valley footprint in the state of our San Jose headquarters that we opened last year. This is our technological hub. Now, for non-technical hub and as jobs, we decided to move the headquarters to Texas, because you have access to diverse talent and ability to attract and retain is unique and differentiated. So, what we are creating here is two very strong hubs with clear mandates on each of them. From the taxes perspective, there is none, because we are incorporated in Delaware to begin with. Definitely our savings associated with the real estate because you rationalize the Bay Area footprint, you expect savings. The cost of that new site in Houston was already included in our numbers because we already were building that since 2000 -- beginning of 2020. That was already in the plan. We are not changing anything. So, we are just relocating that. And what we are doing for the unique job functions that we believe are better suited to be in Houston, we are offering the voluntary move to the employees and there will be no jobs impact in California. So that’s pretty much it and we are creating again two very strong hubs for our company, and rationalize the footprint that will drive cost savings over time, which by the way they are part of project accelerate as we go along.
Antonio Neri: Yeah. Katy, I mean, Europe was strong for us. I mean, honestly, the lockdown is happening as we speak maybe in the last two weeks to three weeks in some markets. But I have to say, no real impact at this point in time that we can see. We again exit October with the momentum and a good order book getting to Q1. The momentum is being cut in November. But again there’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. I am not sure yet what real impact it is. I also will say that customers are now kind of accustomed to deal with this way to work, obviously, we have been now nine months, 10 months in this situation and so business continues. There may be -- certain things may be slowed down over time because you need to access the certain facilities. But overall, I haven’t seen anything in particular right now. Commercial seems to be improving. And then, on the public sector side, obviously, we participate particular with HPC and that continue to be very, very strong, I will say.
Antonio Neri: I know there may be some more questions, Andy, but I know you and Tarek will do some call backs as well and so there will be opportunity for those who were not able to put a question into answer the question. In any case, I just want to finish by saying that Q4 was marked by a very strong rebound in our total company revenue. We are pleased with the results. While much uncertainty still exists in the overall market. I am confident in our team’s ability to execute the strategic priorities we shared with you, particularly SAM, which we believe will position us to drive future sustainable profitable growth. And again thank you for joining the call today -- joining us today on the call and I hope you continue to stay safe and healthy. Happy holidays to you and your families.
Tarek Robbiati: All right. So, look, if you look at total revenue in Compute, as Antonio said, and I think, I reiterated too, revenue was up low-single digits when you normalize for Q3 and Q4 for backlog conversion, right? So, considering where we were at the end of Q2, the team did an outstanding job of driving supply chain efficiencies and clearing that backlog. The backlog is no more a problem. It’s back to normalized levels. Specifically, with respect to order trends and momentum, order trends were encouraging and then this is pointing to further stabilization in this business. And most importantly, if you look on a combined view for servers across Compute and HPC/MCS, which is how the market tracks server’s performance, our total net revenue in the servers would be up low-single digits sequentially and up low-double digits sequentially, if you exclude the impact of backlog in Q3 and Q4. So we feel we gained revenue market share in total servers for the second consecutive quarter. Now when you look at margins in that context, gross and operating margins were pressurized by clearing backlog as we had to fulfill orders in Q4 at cost levels higher than they were originally quoted. Having said that, we are pleased to report now again that the backlog has returned to normalized levels and we continue to improve our supply chain execution. As we continue to stabilize this business, we expect gross margins to expand now that backlog is no longer an issue and mix shift to more profitable market segments. We also continue to optimize R&D and sales investments, and expect to achieve an operating profit margin of 10% to 12%. This is what we told you as part of our long-term outlook provided at SAM.
Tarek Robbiati: That’s absolutely right, Antonio. There’s one thing I can add from a financial standpoint is, we do project that the edge is going to outgrow the market, given the strong differentiation that the Aruba Edge Services platform provides as Antonio described and we see revenue growing at a 6% to 10% CAGR over the next three years from FY ‘20 to FY ‘23 and this will come with enhanced profitability. We ended Q4 with a 10.1% op margin, up 150 basis points. Longer term, we expect operating margins to progress upwards, through the teens with more scale and richer gross margins from higher software content such as the Aruba Services platform including the contribution from Silver Peak.
Tarek Robbiati: Wamsi, so the question on Oracle. So, yes, we have not forgotten about that one, of course. Let me remind everybody where we stand. There was a $3 billion roughly jury verdict in HPE’s favor in the Itanium matter. That matter remains on appeal. The renewed judgment now stands at $3.8 billion in total with interest accruing at 10% since May 2019, so an interesting interest rate here. The appeal has been fully briefed and we are awaiting the California Court of Appeal to schedule oral arguments. Although, we are hopeful that we will receive a ruling from the California Court of Appeal in 2021, obviously the timing of this is out of our control. We remain confident that the outcome on appeal will be favorable to HPE and also I want to remind you all that we would have to share any sort of payment with our cousins at HP Inc.
Tarek Robbiati: Hi, Jeriel. Thanks for the question. So, if you refer back to our outlook on revenue that we provided at SAM and that was a 1% to 3% CAGR growth of revenue that we reiterated today as we issued our guidance for fiscal year ‘21. We also said that we expect operating profit to grow 15% to 20% over next year. And so when you take the combination of the revenue growth, which is outpaced by the operating profit growth, yeah, surely there will be operating margin expansion. And what’s fueling that expansion is the cost optimization and prioritization program, which is well on track and most of the benefits of that program will be attained towards the end of fiscal year ‘21. And I want to remind everybody that we are foreseeing $800 million of net run rate savings of the fiscal year ‘19 baseline and so you can infer from this where the margins would be by the end of fiscal year ‘21 leading into fiscal year ‘22.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Rod. It’s a really good question. So when you look at the Financial Services business, the bad debt loss ratio is just over 1%. It’s up modestly. I am very comfortable personally with that level, given what happened in the pandemic and we are absolutely satisfied with the way the business unit has performed. The team has worked incredibly hard to give payment holidays to certain customers who needed it. This is why year-over-year you see the revenue dropping, but the profitability hasn’t dropped dramatically at all and that is testing of the way the management team has performed this year. And it’s actually what that translates into is an extremely strong position for the future, because what happened is that you had contract extended as a result of those payment holidays quote-unquote and when those contracts extend that over time leads to higher returns as you know in the leasing space. So, on the whole I feel very positive about the performance of HPEFS. I want to reiterate cash collections, have already returned to pre-COVID levels, which is good, economically, it’s a sound position also for the economy. We are now collecting cash on deferrals granted earlier in the year and that level of deferral was granted to a small subset of the customers, and we do expect the return on equity to trend back to the 15% plus levels over the next couple of years.
