Antonio Neri: Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. While great progress is made in the fight against COVID, it’s also clear that it’s still a global challenge. I want to take a moment to acknowledge the suffering occurring in India and elsewhere as communities confront devastating COVID surges. We will continue to do everything we can to support our team members, customers and communities through this very challenging time.
Antonio Neri: Maybe I’ll start. I know Tarek has many comments. I mean, we see strong demand momentum right now. We quoted in our remarks that we’re up mid-single-digits. And therefore, we translate that conversion into revenue. But obviously, part of the improvement could come from the HPC acceptances. Remember that on HPC, our order to revenue is a little bit more lumpy because of the time between orders and revenue takes longer. But overall, what we are confident is the fact that we see obviously IT demand improving. But I’m really pleased with our innovation and our ability to execute against that innovation. The innovation we have across the portfolio is perfectly timed what we see in today’s environment. We live in a much more distributed enterprise. Obviously, digital transformation is essential to operate in this digital economy, and the first step is connectivity. And I have to tell you, the Intelligent Edge business is absolutely incredibly strong. You saw in actual dollars, almost 20%. And we expect to continue to be super strong for the balance of the year into 2022, honestly. And that’s because we have a business scale. We have a massive business scale. And to give a point of reference, we already have 100,000 customers on that platform. We have 150 customers every day. We manage more than 1.1 million devices. And honestly, we actually manage data of 1 billion plus per hour, data points that comes through our cloud. And so, we expect that to continue to be very strong. I think, the core business has definitely stabilized. And we see pockets of improvement, particularly with storage. And then, the as-a-service will continue to stay strong. Again, we are cautious about the supply chain aspect of this. But, we position ourselves well for the second half, and that was all factored in our guidance, absolutely well factored in our guidance. So, it’s why we raised the guidance.
Antonio Neri: Katy, this is Antonio. I just want to reinforce a couple of things. I understand the normal sequential seasonality, people trying to get into it. But the fact of the matter is, we are delivering record-breaking gross margin. We are raising our EPS guidance despite the supply chain uncertainty. And our business is in huge demand. And it’s not just the IT demand, it’s the fact that we have unique portfolio, edge-to-cloud, that’s meeting the customer needs of today and future ready for tomorrow. And so, I think the fact is that when you look at the full year, right, we have raised guidance now 3 times. And to Tarek’s point, it’s more than 25% from the beginning of the year. And that’s a testament of the momentum we have in the business. Then obviously, every quarter has ups and downs because of unique things like OI&E or maybe more inventory buildout. But in the end, the takeaway is that we are raising again the EPS for the full year and free cash flow.
Antonio Neri: Well, sure. Obviously, we are one of the market leaders today in terms of whatever you look at, revenue, market share. But obviously, our portfolio, which is ProLiant is on the 23 years in the making and our installed base is incredibly large. The average is probably between four, five years, Kyle, at this point in time. Definitely, it’s a pent-up demand to modernize that infrastructure. But, it’s not just replacing hardware for the sake of replacing hardware. It’s to really bring that cloud experience to our computer source and more and more be able to consume it elastically as-a-service. And that’s the unique value proposition we have, which is not only just the best infrastructure with ProLiant as a franchise, but the fact that we have a provisional life cycle management. And you should stay tuned for more announcement here shortly, but also be able to pivot that installed base to more a consumption base over time, and then more and more as a well to optimize solutions. And remember, these platforms come also in a different structure in the sense that you have more options and more technologies built into the platform. And so, for us, it’s a big opportunity. And I think an accelerator of that transition is our GreenLake business. It’s not just replacing the old infrastructure or the CapEx but be able to and repatriate workloads on-prem where it makes sense, or actually hold workloads on-prem because now we can deliver a true cloud experience in our consumption-driven model.
Antonio Neri: And last but not least, let’s not forget just the hardware is the operational services that come with it, because every upgrade cycle, whether it’s the traditional way or as-a-service, obviously, as-a-service is even better because it comes with 100% attach of Pointnext OS. We have seen richer configurations and higher services attached. And that’s why part of the gross margin expansion you saw in Q2, in compute, which was 550 basis points, comes also after the fact we are attaching more services to our infrastructure.
Antonio Neri: Yes. No, thank you. Obviously, M&A is an important component of our strategy. And as we have done, at least I have done now probably 19 of them, has always has been about, obviously, very stringent return on invested capital, very disciplined in that approach. But it’s always about bringing intellectual property and talent to accelerate our edge-to-cloud platform vision. Silver Peak was completed in September last year and now fully integrated into our business and now we start seeing the momentum in our Intelligent Edge business, and all the ones we are doing along the way, particularly around data and software-defined assets and so forth. So, again, we continue to evaluate what is available there, notwithstanding the fact that we have to be incredibly disciplined. As you know, valuation seems to be a little bit too high for some of the assets. But again, if there is something out there that makes sense, we will evaluate it, and we will take the right action. But again, it’s an important component of our strategy going forward. And I always we talk about the Aruba-like type of things. But we evaluate everything, whatever is relevant for our strategy. I don’t know, Tarek, if you have any comments on that.
Antonio Neri: Let me start. I’m going to talk more for the market. Tarek can talk more on the financial side. Listen, the bookings momentum is incredibly strong in this business. So, you have to look at the booking side and then you have to look at the revenue side. The bookings continue to be just amazing. And I quote some of the deals we won. These are multimillion dollar deals. Seasonality in this business doesn’t really play out that well because the fact of the matter is that you have these large systems that need to be built, shipped, installed, you have to run the workload. And then, only then when the customer accepts the system with the workload running, you can recognize revenue. And that time can vary. It can be as quick as three months, as long as a year in some cases, especially when you deploy these massive exascale systems, which we’re going to do starting end of the year and then next year in 2022. And sometimes you need to run the workload for a month. But reinstalling the system from the factory on the floor, sometimes can take up to 60 days. It’s just -- it’s a size of football field. So, I would not think about the seasonality. I think about the long-term growth of the business, we feel pretty good and confident about that CAGR. But, even this year, we believe we’re going to deliver the 8% to 12% growth just this year in 2021, right? So, this is about keeping the orders book momentum, short term, the life cycle of the supply chain and install and acceptance as much as we can. And then, this business is a lot of softer, right, that gets built around the system itself. So, that’s why we’re very bullish about this system and this business. And remember, it’s all on the back of the day. That’s why we talk about AI and deep learning technologies, data continue to grow exponentially, and you need more compute. That’s a fact at the level you haven’t seen before. Tarek, maybe you want to comment on the...
Antonio Neri: And that growth will continue, which, as I said earlier, right, today, the HPC at the edge already represents 22% of the Company’s revenue. And as we go forward with both businesses growing double digits, that 22% will be bigger at the different margin than the core, right? So, anyway, I know we are running out of time. Just to close, I’m very pleased with HPE’s Q2 results that again, they are marked by strong revenue momentum, profitability and free cash flow. The overall demand is improving, but our execution, our innovation is perfectly timed to the customer needs that we see in the marketplace. And despite there is supply chain uncertainty around specific commodities, we factor all that in, in our ability to execute to the back half, and that’s why we are raising once again for the third time in the year, our EPS and free cash flow. And I believe the future is edge-to-cloud, and it’s going to be consumption-based. Well I think HP has a unique value proposition and set of offerings. And that’s why I believe this is a very exciting time for HPE. We have worked really hard, despite the pandemic. Our team has been incredibly resilient. And this Company has a clear purpose to advance the way people live and work. And despite the challenges, we continue to support the communities we are in. So, again, thank you again for joining the call today. And I hope you continue to stay safe and healthy. And talk to you soon.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Wamsi, hi. It’s Tarek here. So, let me try and dissect the guidance we gave for Q3 and also the full year. So, putting things in perspective. First, you know we are raising our FY21 EPS outlook by $0.09 at the midpoint to $1.82 to $1.94 based on our Q2 outperformance. And we feel very confident for the rest of the year. This reflects what we see as continued improvement in customer spending, but also we want to remain prudent given the remaining pandemic and supply chain uncertainty. Specifically for Q3, it’s important to note that we do expect revenue growth in line with normal FY18, FY19 sequential seasonality of up low single digits. We anchored you on FY18, FY19 and not last year because of the disruption we suffered in the supply chain last year. So, it’s better to look at it from an FY18, FY19 viewpoint. You should expect that gross margins hold roughly flat relative to our H1 levels, near just under 34%. OpEx should be up somewhat as we continue to make select investments aligned to our strategy in key growth areas, and this is partially offset by further efficiencies we find. But most importantly, it is important that you note that OI&E will flip to an expense overall in the full year, and therefore, in the second half. OI&E in Q1 was a positive income and Q2 was a positive income. And now we’re expecting for the full year ‘21 a $50 million expense, hence, the guidance that we’re giving you overall for Q3. You can expect that the tax rate will be unchanged at 14%, like we said at SAM. And the net of all of this is that we expect our Q3 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.44, and we feel pretty comfortable about it.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Thank you, Katy. So, let me try and add a little bit more color to what we said already. So, first of all, remember, our cost optimization and allocation program. We exited FY20 very lean, and this has driven a very strong performance in Q1 at $0.52 per share. This is a level of earnings that was actually benefiting from the fact that we have a very strong run rate entering into Q1. In Q2, you saw that momentum continuing with the EPS that we posted at $0.46 per share. Very comfortable with the level of investments that we are making, and this is also showing in the gross and operating margin expansion that we’ve demonstrated so far. So, now, when you also look at how this translates into free cash flow, obviously, we had a lot of free cash flow benefits into Q1, Q2 as a result of the earnings strength and which translated into free cash flow. But moving forward, what you have to factor into the guidance on earnings is the fact that there is some degree of uncertainty on supply chain. Although, as Antonio said, the demand is very strong across the board. The demand is very strong in Aruba. The demand is very strong in Compute. And you can see that with units going up year-over-year. And also in HPC-MCS, we are seeing the revenue trending in the range that we guided at SAM. This is all good. Having said that, we have also to reckon two other dynamics. Aside from the cost optimization program and the demand, the other dynamic is OI&E, which affects EPS in Q3 and Q4. Q1, Q2, we had two income quarters as far as OI&E is concerned. They’ll flip into an expense of $50 million for the full year, gives you an order of magnitude of what would be the EPS for each one of Q3, Q4. And then, on free cash flow, the other final element that drives it is we have to deal with supply chain, and we continue to buffer inventory to be ready for the demand in fiscal year ‘21 for the second half, but also fiscal year ‘22. We do not expect that the situation on inventory is going to be all of a sudden setting up across the world and across the industries, and we’ve taken steps, and we’ll continue to do so. So overall, we’re managing, I would say, the resurgent demand environment very well. We’re lean from an organization standpoint. Our earnings power is shown by the margins we’re posting. And also, you could see that what we’re doing on free cash flow, we’re doing very, very well. So hopefully, that gives you a color to your questions with the rankings of the various effects at play.
Tarek Robbiati: And let me add to this, Kyle. There’s also another aspect that we see the pent-up demand and really the need to modernize the infrastructure and the way the infrastructure is used. But also, if the decision to actually modernize the infrastructure and moving to consumption isn’t made, it’s not bad for us, because we benefit from extended leasing with our financial services portfolio, which has been doing extremely well with our asset management business as people tend to use the infrastructure more, absent a decision or an availability of supply for the equipment they want to use. So, it’s good for us on all fronts. And we’re very happy with that performance on both, the core compute business and HPFS.
Tarek Robbiati: You said very well, Antonio. We have time to make the decision. The put expires in April 2022. So, we have a little bit less than a year, and that is to sell all or part of our 49% stake in units. We feel that this is a stake that continues to accreting value. Just to put things in perspective for everyone on the call, in fiscal year ‘20 alone, the equity interest contribution from H3C grew over 20% to $212 million for fiscal year ‘20. We expect that growth to continue, and therefore, the value of our stake to continue to accrete.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Shannon, I mean, it’s very important to maintain discipline and focus in the content -- in a context where valuations in some cases, particularly for some class of assets, a little bit exuberant. But, if we can find two to three Silver Peak type of acquisitions, I don’t think Antonio and I will hesitate a second to just go and press the button.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Thank you, Antonio. On the OI&E front, thanks for asking the question as to why we expect OI&E to flip into a negative in the second half. In OI&E, you have effectively three effects. The first one is the H3C economic contribution and the timing of which shifts between quarters, while like we said before, very happy with H3C and the economic interest that we have through them and the cash they return to us on a regular basis. So, it’s a timing element there for H3C. There is also interest expense that is the second force in the OI&E line. And then, the third force is the Pathfinder portfolio, our venture portfolio, which has been doing extremely well in the first half, and we did flag this in my script. We said we had benefits from revaluations of our investment in Cohesity and IonQ. We had, in the first quarter in OI&E $16 million income in the second quarter, a $27 million income. This is on an aggregate basis across the three forces. So, for the first half, $43 million of OI&E income, and we’re guiding for the full year for an expense of $50 million. So that’s a $90 million swing. And that $90 million swing, if you turn it into an EPS number, divide that to do the math yourself, it’s about $0.07 to $0.08 of EPS for the full year, right? That’s the thing you have to reckon when you compute your Q3 or Q4 EPS forecast. That’s the swing factor there. It does not change the fact that our operating performance remains very, very solid. The swing factor at the OI&E level is explaining a little bit more hopefully the guidance for all of you on the call.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. You said it very well, Antonio. We simply say, look, the order momentum remains very, very strong. It was up double digits in Q2. We have a large awarded order book with over $2 billion of contracts. The pipeline that we are having in mind includes another $5 billion of exascale opportunity to be awarded over the next three years. The win rates that we observe are very high. We win five out of six contracts in the exascale space. It’s an inherently lumpy business. So, I think if you look at it on a quarterly basis, probably not the best picture. You have to look at it on a multiyear basis. And we feel very confident that we can achieve the 8% to 12% CAGR per year, including starting this year fiscal year ‘21. And because of the lumpiness of the revenue, you also have lumpiness in profitability as a result of the revenue profile and the product mix that doesn’t worry us at all. It’s the nature of the beast, so to speak. We feel that HPC-MCS is extremely well positioned as a business segment, to continue to be a very strong tractor of growth for HPE overall.
