Tim Stonesifer: Sure Sherri. So first of all, just to remind everybody, the full-year guide includes a partial year for ES and a full year for software. So, it may be easiest to start with Q2. So Q2 we ended up with an EPS of $0.35, now $0.10 of that was related to ES, which was in discontinued operations. So, when you move from Q2 to Q3, that's relatively flat and basically what you're seeing there is the impact and the pressure from the stranded costs, from the short-term dilution of the acquisitions and some of the commodity cost pressures. Those are being offset by the second-half cost actions okay. And then to your point, when you go from through 3Q to 4Q, you'd see that would imply about a $0.19 improvement quarter-over-quarter and there is really three elements to that. The first one is just typical seasonality. So, if you were to go look at last year's results, we saw a similar uplift in Q3 to Q4. Same thing in 2015, we would anticipate that same type of lift due to seasonality in Q4 of this year. If you just think about the software business as an example, Q4 is typically much higher than Q3. The second component of it is as we eliminate the stranded costs and as we get right size the cost envelopes around the acquisitions, that will be favorable in Q4 and then thirdly, is a $200 million to $300 million of cost out. So, the way I would think about that is roughly a third of that will come in Q3 and then two thirds of that will come in Q4 and that's what's going to drive the remainder of the lift. So that's why you see that ramp up in Q4.
Tim Stonesifer: Yeah. We don't really give BU specific guidance on the margins, but yeah, I would say servers is driving a component of that and again the way I think about it as we talked about in the prepared remarks is there's a component of that that's structural. There's a component of that that's one-time cost and then you have the operational headwinds, which is primarily the commodities cost increases. Again, most of that is memory. So that has a heavy impact on the server margin.
Tim Stonesifer: Okay. I think there are a few questions in there. So, let me see what I can do. So, I think to your point, we did on the Q1 call, we did think that revenues would stabilize. We did not say that margins would stabilize and again if you're going through a quarter-over-quarter walk, to your point, stranded cost is a big element of that. We did not see that in Q1 obviously because we just separated the ES business in March. So, all the overhead that we were allocating to ES in Q1, a lot of that was being allocated to EG. There is some FX impact. Again, we were hedged from an FX perspective in Q1 from the prior hedges that we put on in Q4. So, there was some pressure driven by that. There was also some dilution in the acquisitions which we really didn't -- we didn't talk about in Q1, nor did we have that pressure. That gave us some pressure from an overall margin perspective. DRAM is causing a pressure point. We did know about that in Q1. To your point, we talked about that. Obviously, that's why we took our guide down, but if you look at memory costs in 2Q, they're actually up another 10%. So, we saw a big increase in Q1 that was when we got the 40% and 50% lift, but those have continued to go up in Q2. So that drives some incremental pressure. And then from a pricing point, we did go out with global price increases, but to be honest with you, the results were mixed. We saw some traction in APJ and those came in in line with what we thought they would. When you look at the Americas, we did not gain as much traction as we had anticipated, particularly in the U.S. and that's driven by some very difficult competitive behaviors and challenges. We saw those same types of competitive dynamics in EMEA as well. So, the overall pricing mitigation that we had talked about I'd say came in lighter than we had expected. And then lastly you have typical seasonality from Q2 to Q1 or from Q1 to Q2. So that's driving a lot of the variation from quarter to quarter. Now to get to your question on product margins, yes if you look at TS, the good news with TS is it's been very stable over the years not only from a revenue perspective but also for a margin perspective. So, we expect that stabilization to continue as we go forward. Given the pressures that I just walked through between stranded costs, short-term dilution, DRAM pricing, yes, margins were pressured in Q2 and product margins would be negative. Now as I think about how do we progress going forward and to Meg's point earlier, we think 2Q is going to be a low point and basically that's driven by the fact that one, we're going to work out the stranded costs. Again, those will be that zero on a run rate basis. By the time we exit Q4, we will have time to right size the cost envelopes to the appropriate levels on the Nimble and SimpliVity acquisitions and then lastly, we've got the $200 million to $300 million of cost that we've targeted to come out in the second half. Again, I think a third of that will come out in Q3 and two thirds of that will come out in Q4. So, as we take those cost out and the other thing that we should get is we should get a mix lift. As we continue to grow the higher margin businesses, HPC up 20% organically, all-flash array up 33%, Aruba up 27%. Obviously, those parts of the portfolio carry a higher margin. So, we should get a margin lift going forward. So hopefully that gives you a little bit more color.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. As synergy comes online, as we continue to grow particularly if you think about high-performance compute and some of the areas of the portfolio, again excluding tier 1, from a year-over-year component, we would expect to return back to growth in the latter part of the year.
Tim Stonesifer: Sure. So, I'll give it a shot and Meg you can jump in here. So again, I think our strategy is still the same. We are going to continue to focus on organic investments because where we do that well and we do it right, it's good for customers, it's good for shareholders, it's good for partners, it's good for employees. We always continue to look at share buybacks. Obviously, we're bias toward share buybacks right now. And then we're going to continue to look at M&A as long as it fulfills gaps in our strategy. So, the way we think about M&A again as being very consistent and it's all around complementary IP, where we can leverage our distribution and drive profitable growth. So, it's all returns based. That a framework that's worked well for us in the last 12 to 18 months and I would expect us to continue to operate within that framework going forward.
Tim Stonesifer: So, if you look at Remain Co. and again I'll take you back to Sam, we guided a $1.25 to $1.35 from an EPS perspective and we had normalized free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion. Now obviously we took that number down or we took our number down in total by $0.12 that was in Q1 that was driven by some of the FX pressures we saw, some of the commodity cost pressures we saw as well some execution issues that we were working through. So, as I look at those three categories, those were all primarily EG related. So, I would adjust the $1.25 to $1.35 by that $0.12 and then I would also adjust your $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion of normalized free cash flow. I would take that down to roughly $2 billion of normalized free cash flow to reflect the earnings pressure. So that will give you sort of a baseline as we exit '17 of about $1.13 to $1.23 and I think there are two or three areas that are going to impact that you need to think about as we move forward. The first one is commodity cost movements and the corresponding pricing mitigation. Again, as we talked about earlier we are making traction in that we anticipate an APJ, but we're finding it very difficult in the Americas and EMEA. So, depending on how that equation plays out, that would have an impact on your baseline. From the second-half cost actions, the $200 million to $300 million that we talked about, to the extent that a piece of that is recurring, which we would expect, that would also impact your baseline going forward and then when you look at the rightsizing, the cost envelopes particularly around the acquisitions, that should provide a little bit of accretion going forward. So that's how I would think about the baseline for Remain Co. from both a cash and EPS perspective and we will give much more guidance and clarity and visibility at SAM in October.
Tim Stonesifer: Yes, sure. So, from a converged perspective, I think the converged part of the portfolio was down roughly 8% and traditional was down roughly 20% and then from a material perspective, really the supply constraints are much more around SSD and again as that market is very tight right now, we're getting our fair share of supplies, but given the complexity of our broad product portfolio, we're finding it challenging to what we call demand shift. But we would expect that to loosen up in the second half of the year particularly as 3D yields improve as well as more factories come online. So that should loosen up in the second half of the year.
Tim Stonesifer: And then from a cost structure perspective ballpark, I think roughly half of that $200 million to $300 million is more of the discretionary type stuff like policies, like travel and then the other half is labor related and within that labor piece, I'd break it out into two components. I think half of that is really around lowering our rehire rates, taking a look at contractor. So, when you think about the cost to do those things, there really is no cost to do that and then there's the remaining 25% that would be more structural and that's why we're evaluating the restructuring that we have in 2018 employing forward.
Meg Whitman: I think the other thing I would add to that is we believe that the worst is over from a margin pressure perspective in Q2 and we expect year-ago levels by Q4 as the structured -- the structural challenges that Tim mentioned roll-off as does the one-time acquisition dilution that goes away. So, what you're left with is the more normal business challenges that we all have where it's commodity price increases or whatever and then of course obviously the $200 million to $300 million of cost reduction also helps the margin.
Meg Whitman: Yeah, so tier 1 service provider is a segment that we entered I think maybe 18 months ago, two years ago and we are heavily dependent on one customer. So, we're doing a couple of things. We anticipate that one customer to continue to - purchases to decline and so this tier 1 rationale or the way we talk about is going to continue for the next couple of quarters because it's a pretty big number. We're doing a couple things, one is we're really thinking hard about what the future strategy is for tier 1. We continue to get new tier 1 customers, but this is low calorie business actually and so we need to think through does it make sense to continue that business on a go-forward basis or are we better off actually putting our selling resources and our R&D resources against more margin-rich sustainable profitability. But the answer is yes, there will be I think for another at least a couple of quarters, there will be the explanation of what does our server business look like ex tier 1, which we think is a better -- gives you all a better understanding of what's happening with that one customer and then what's happening with the rest of the core industry-standard server business.
Meg Whitman: It's the vast majority is with one, there is a few others and we're building out some more tier 1 customers, but fundamentally the strategic question is, is this a business we really want to be in because we're not in the business for share, for share's sake. We're in it to get a return on our investment dollars and right now that doesn't look like a particularly productive segment for us.
Meg Whitman: Yeah, I think Katy, if you cast all the way back up, we have just gone through one of the largest transformations may be in American business history. We've created four industry-leading companies that I think are poised to do very well in their given segments and so now we are very focused on the go-forward Hewlett Packard Enterprise financial architecture. And I think there's a couple things Tim said it well, we now need to look at that cost structure and say what is the process reengineering we need to do? What are some of the policy decisions we need to make upstream to be a much more efficient, leaner company that we can really see the productivity benefits and Tim mentioned simplification. There's lots we can do here. So, I am -- we are now in a different stage. I can see this very clearly now that ES is gone, software is on its way and of course HPI has been on its own for 18 months. So, we're at that next stage that I think we can have a major impact in how we run this company more efficiently and leanly. So were super excited about it. It's going to be a lot of work because whenever you restructure a company, it's a lot of work, but I can see it very clearly. Now I want to say one thing is that we will not be adding to the restructuring dollars that we had already laid out for you. So, remember there are $700 million of restructuring in cash payment in this year, another $200 million in '18. We may pull that $200 million in depending we're still working on that, but any incremental cost savings will be funded through the P&L. There will be no more restructuring dollars, which I think is an important point to make because I remember many of you especially when we owned ES and said this is sort of the perennial restructuring that actually is not going to be the case going forward.
Meg Whitman: So, we're working hard to integrate Nimble into our data center storage sales teams. SimpliVity is all the way in both from an R&D perspective and as a sales perspective. Nimble R&D is going to merge with three par R&D to be a more powerful storage R&D team. And then we're just about now ramping Nimble into our data center storage business. What's interesting about Nimble is there are some markets where Nimble actually had quite a good position. There are some markets where Nimble is not at all. So, we're actually building from scratch in a number of those markets, which is great actually. But I'd say certainly by the end of this quarter, Nimble will be firmly integrated into our go-to-market motion and I think you'll start to see the ramp. Interestingly, what we saw with Aruba, what we saw with SimpliVity and what we believe we will see with Nimble is actually being part of the HP family helps accelerate those wins. There's many customers who said, we would not have considered Nimble as a standalone independent company without being part of HPE. Actually, I think Aruba would tell you the same thing. We're winning deals there because they're part of the family. SimpliVity, we're winning deals there because they recognize that it actually holds into our overall offering and you're not purchasing an island. In other words, a completely new technology that's unconnected to the rest of your data center. There is actually it's part of the family of HPE infrastructure. So that's worked really well for us and I think you're going to see Nimble ramp through the end of the year nicely.
Meg Whitman: No. I don't have much to add to that. The only think I would say is as we think about innovation, as Tim said, our first choice is organic innovation, think synergy. We will also look at innovation coming from M&A, but as Tim said, it's return based. We have to buy it right. It has to be complementary technology that can leverage our distribution channels and then the third area is actually our Pathfinder program where we make small investments in new generation companies that we're not to be a venture capital company. I'm not looking for venture returns there. I'm looking for companies that further our strategy powering hybrid IT, powering the intelligent edge and the services that we can weave into our solution. So, for example Docker, Mesosphere, Chef are all woven now into HPE one view. That makes HPE one view much more valuable to our customers, actually creates beginnings of a new stack as a control plane for hybrid IT and is actually good for those small companies and doesn't require us to outlay $300 billion, $500 billion, $600 billion for relatively unproven technology. So that's the way we think of it and it's been a cultural change for the company because we're used to selling only what we own, but actually this Pathfinder programs has been great success. I think it's a differentiator for Hewlett Packard Enterprise because in some ways what we do is we curate Silicon Valley for our enterprise customers.
Meg Whitman: Yes, so let me talk a little bit about the execution issues. I would say we have largely overcome most of the execution issues that we discussed in Q1 and the biggest hurdle was getting through the ES separation that in many ways was far more complex than the HPE HPI separation because we had to spin and then merge into a third-party. So, a third party actually had to be managed and worked with here. So, the first time it was separating the siblings, now we had to merge with the cousin. I would say -- and by the way that took a chunk of our leadership time in every country around workforce councils and things like that. The other thing that we talked about last time was we had three new heads of all of our regions plus a new head of worldwide sales and that as I said last time might've been a little bit too much change at once, but now I'm firmly convinced we got the right people in the right job. They've now been in place six months and you're starting to see their impact. For example, the server business in the US ex tier 1, actually had a pretty good quarter and that's thanks to Jim Merritt and his team. So, I feel like execution-wise we're back on track and I think you saw that in terms of the growth areas that we talked about on the call. The feedback from customers that I'm getting is actually they are amazed at how smoothly the separation of these companies has gone, whether it was HPI or CSC. I think if customers are saying have we shrunk back too far, we still need to educate them about the services capability that we still have at HPE and it's not only our TS business, our services and support business, it's our TS consulting business, it's Aruba Services and that's very important, that advice and transform capability I think we need to do a better job of if you will advertising that. But customers who know us well, I think are super excited about the focus. They know the services capability that we have. They really resonated to the strategy. This strategy of we make hybrid IT simple, we power the intelligent edge and we have the services to make it happen totally resonate and so we're excited about that. So, I have no doubt about the strategy. I have no doubt about the validity of the spins. We are going to end up as a much stronger set of companies than we would have before and I think you all recognize the value creation for shareholders that has occurred here.
Meg Whitman: Yes, I actually said that I thought the margin pressure was the worse that we're going to see in Q2 and it should return to last year's level by Q4 and I can't say necessarily that the pricing is going to alleviate but we've got the $200 million to $300 million of cost structure we've got both structural things and we've got obviously the one timer like stranded costs and acquisition dilution. So that's why I say it's going to come back to last year's level by Q4.
Meg Whitman: Yes, I would say the other thing I would add here is I think of that $200 million to $300 million as a down payment on the cost structure and reengineering that we need to do on the go-forward Hewlett Packard Enterprise. As I said to the answer to one of the earlier questions, I am now laser-like focused on what is the future of Hewlett Packard Enterprise financial architecture? How do we simplify? How we reengineer the processes and how we take out overhead given that we are now a $28 billion company down from $110 billion company just five years ago. So, I have a much clearer view of how this company needs to be re-architected from a financial perspective and reengineered from a process and complexity standpoint. So, I'd say listen, the way I think about that is the down payment on what we could do in 2018 and beyond.
