Timothy C. Stonesifer: Sure, Sherri. We did see some margin deterioration year-over-year if you look at the margins for EG, in total, they were at 13.4%. Most of that was driven by FX, so keep in mind in the first quarter last year the euro, as an example, was at 124 and the average accounting rates in the first quarter this year was 108. So we still saw significant pressure from a FX perspective when you look at the first quarter. Going out for the rest of the year, we would expect the margins to stabilize and maybe get a little bit of a lift particularly as we continue to grow the storage business as well as the networking business. So as you know, those businesses have a healthier margin profile so as we continue to grow those, we should see some lift there. And then, the only other major comment I'd make is on the ES business. Again, we saw some great performance there in the first quarter, margins at 5.1%, up 210 basis points year-over-year. So the efforts of the team continues to execute upon as they're transforming that business, and the seasonality in that business. We would expect those margins to improve over the course of the year and settle on average in the range of 6% to 7% as we talked about at the Analyst Meeting in September.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: Sure. And then on the ES point, again, we feel great about the progress we've made in the first quarter. We have the delivery centers in motion. We continue to move folks from high-cost countries to low-cost countries, so the team has done a tremendous job in transforming the business. Now, to your question, as we continue to progress in the year, we're going to continue to see pricing pressure in that business. It's very competitive. We're going to continue to invest in the business, particularly in that go-to-market motion. So, and also given the fact that it's really just the first quarter, so we have nine more months to go. There is some market uncertainty out there, so we just felt it prudent to stick with the 6% to 7%.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: Sure, Toni. A couple of things that I'd say about the restructuring. We are on track. So as we called out at the Analyst Meeting, we will be about $1.2 billion in cash. So we are on track for that this year. And then as far as how many folks that we've taken out so far, it will be 3,000 in the first quarter. We don't really guide on what we're going to take out for the entire year, but the only thing I'd say is we're on track and that $1.2 billion in cash for this year still remains there.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: No. We did $300 million. You're right, it's $600 million in separation for the year, and we did $300 million in the first quarter.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: No, that did have a impact from a margin perspective. I'd say it was not really material. It does have some impact on the margin to your point, but overall we feel very good about the health of the ES margins.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: Sure. I'll hit the bad debt reserve and then I'll let Meg talk about Tsinghua. So the bad debt reserve was a one-time benefit. It was about, I think it was about 150 basis points of the improvement, and it's primarily driven by the fact that we adjusted reserves. We're still very conservative, but if you look at our loss reserves as a percentage of expected or historical losses, it's still at about two times, which is very conservative in the Financial Services business.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: Sure. On the quarterly free cash flow, we're not going to guide on a quarterly basis. But, if you think about it, obviously, first quarter for us is seasonally low and that's primarily driven by earnings seasonality, right, which is driven by the profiles in ES and Software as well as the timing of that bonus payment, which happens in the first quarter of every year, it's a one-time payment. So we saw that same seasonality last year. Now going forward what I would say is we're going to get improvements every quarter, and primarily four areas; one, earnings improvement. So obviously we're back-ended loaded from an earnings perspective, particularly in the Second half. So as those earnings improve, obviously, our free cash flow will improve. The bonus payment is behind us now, so that is no longer a drag as you go forward. The cash conversion cycle, we were disappointed with the 31 days, but when you look at the fundamentals of our terms and mix, we're confident that that will get back to the mid-20 day range, so that will drive a significant amount of improvement. And then lastly the separation. So to Toni's question, we had $600 million of separation charges planned for the year. We paid out $300 million of that in the first quarter, so that becomes less of a drag. So as we progress through every quarter, similar to last year you will see improvements. So I think if you look at the seasonality of last year, that would probably give you a pretty good reflection of how it may play out this year.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: That's really market dependent. I mean, it's hard to tell. I don't mean to be evasive, but it really depends on market conditions. It depends on the availability of U.S. cash. There are multiple variables in the overall equation, but we are committed to returning a vast majority of that through share repurchases.
Timothy C. Stonesifer: Yeah. It was primarily the U.S., but we did see some pressures across the globe. And again, if you think about timing challenges and free cash flow and cash conversion cycle, it's both sales and purchasing linearity, so this time around it was the purchasing linearity and then we also made some strategic buys.
Margaret C. Whitman: So, we continue to execute a returns based capital allocation strategy, and given where the stock price has been trading, this is one of the best return on investments that we can actually make. And as I said when we were on our road show for the new Hewlett Packard Enterprise, our first choice is, from an innovation perspective is organic innovation. Look at the success of the 3PAR all-flash storage array, internally homegrown, growing three times the rate of the market, and gives that benefit of a common architecture from top to bottom. The benefit of doing organic innovation is you don't end up with a Frankenstein of architectures. The second choice would be acquisitions that look like 3PAR, 3Com and Aruba. These have been very successful acquisitions for us. They are additional complementary technology that goes through our excellent distribution system. But, again, where the stock is trading right now? We think that this makes a lot of sense to buy back shares, which is why we've decided to go to 100% of the free cash flow.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah. So on the overall growth rate of the company, remember, we said at the beginning of this year that we would grow Hewlett Packard Enterprise in revenues in constant currency, and we are on track to do that as you can see from Q1. Again, from an as-reported basis, the compares get earlier – I mean, get better in the second half of the year because we've worked through those big currency fluctuations in Q1 of last year. And I think your question is, can we see accelerated growth? I think we just are a little concerned about the macroeconomic environment. We saw a slowdown in the U.S. in the last three weeks of January. Linearity appears to be back on track, but it's early in the game, and so I think we're just being a bit cautious here. We like our product portfolio. We like our go-to-market changes. We like our innovation engine. There's a lot of things that we're feeling very good about, but the macroeconomic environment still has pockets of weakness. Russia continues to be a big challenge, the Ukraine, parts of Latin America. China right now for us is doing well, but that can change at any minute. So, we feel great about the stated goal of growth in constant currencies, and let's see how the macroeconomic and sort of the political environment changes over time.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah, Katy, let me talk a little bit about Tsinghua. So you recall, we originally thought this would close roughly at the end of February, and now we are confident that the deal is going to close near the end of May. And we're working through some final Chinese regulatory approvals, so all the U.S. approvals have been received, (38:20), et cetera. Only the China Securities Regulatory Committee remains. They call that the CSRC in China, which is a bit like our SEC. And there has been a couple of things going on there. One is they have a new head of the CSRC. Two, there is a big backlog of deals, and they're working through that backlog. But we feel confident. We expect that deal to close at the end of May. As you can imagine, we've been in contact with all the appropriate regulatory people and obviously our partners at Tsinghua. So that's the way we think about it right now. There's also, as you know, a fair amount of volatility in the markets in China, and I think that frankly is slowing things down a little bit in China. And by the way, the H3C revenue over there is doing great. We had a record revenue for our China Networking business, and I take that as a positive sign. It means that the Chinese government is still leaning into H3C and that product and that business is being very well received in the China market.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah. So the January weakness, we saw the last three weeks in January slow significantly in the United States, actually not that dissimilar from what I believe Cisco referred to on their call. And I don't have a good explanation of that except for one or two things. One is, remember the opening week in the market in 2016 was really tough, right? And I think companies are quite now extra sensitive to volatility in the market. They are quite quick to be cautious and pull back purchases. From a vertical perspective, obviously the weakest vertical was oil and natural gas. We saw that across the board and a lot of our oil and natural gas customers are in the United States. So that was a challenge and will probably continue. What I will say is, while I'm cautious about it, it looks like February has returned to the linearity that we would have expected. Oil and natural gas continues to be a bit weak, but there's been some strength in other parts. So, I'm not quite sure what happened in those last three weeks, but that would be my guess. Turning to Aruba and why it has helped our networking switch business, it's because the customers now believe we're completely committed to the Networking business. We are all in on Networking, and while we had HP Networking before, I think people thought, well, maybe they are not 100% committed, maybe a bit below scale. With the acquisition of Aruba, they've gained a great deal of confidence in our product roadmap and in our commitment to the business. And so Aruba I think has cast a really nice glow over the rest of our HP networking business.
Margaret C. Whitman: So let me talk a little bit about ES and your question about confidence in the revenue trajectory which member we said is, negative 2% to flat in constant currency. So I think there's a couple of things going on here. One is, this is the first quarter of constant currency revenue growth, not a huge amount, 0.1%, but relative to – from whence we've come in that business, this gives us a lot of confidence. It's the first quarter of constant currency revenue growth since Q3 of FY 2012. And ABS which happens to have a higher level of profitability than ITO, posted its second consecutive quarter of year-over-year constant currency growth. SCS, as I mentioned that's our cloud, big data, security practices, grew over 30% year-over-year in Q1 and we saw some benefits from strong strategic Enterprise Services signings in FY 2015. I think we have also worked through the vast majority of the key account revenue runoff that we've talked about for the last couple of years. These were three or four very big ES customers that have now really runoff and have become quite predictable. And then I've got to give the Finance team and the Operations team and ES credit. We are much better now at forecasting revenue than we have been. It's a very granular account by account forecast profit – forecast of revenue by type of practice. And that gives us a lot of confidence. So as we sit here today and we look out at the landscape and we see a book-to-bill ratio of roughly 1, we feel good about that negative 2% to flat.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah. So let me talk a little bit about Dell-EMC. So it is interesting to note how different HP and Dell – we have taken very different strategies in this environment. There's no question. And my view of this is predicated upon the speed that this market is changing. And so we decided to get smaller while they got bigger. We decided to lean into new technology while they're doubling down on old technology in a cost takeout play. They levered up while we delevered. And we're super-focused on being fast and nimble for our customers. So both strategies may work. I happen to like our hand better than the Dell-EMC hand. So how are we taking advantage of the disruption in the marketplace? So we learned a lot about how to do this in the context of IBM's sale of their server business to Lenovo. We have a very focused channel play where we – actually it's called Smart Choice and we have a big opportunity to go take Dell and EMC business much as we took a lot of the Lenovo business that would have gone to Lenovo. And so we're seeing good results in the marketplace. We're rolling out our full sales efforts. You're going to start to see even more advertising and digital as we capitalize on another one to two years of uncertainty as this deal closes and they work through the integration. The other thing is, as you think about it, we continue to invest in innovation. And you have to think about Dell-EMC in many ways as owned by private equity. And you can do your own calculation on what you think the debt interest payments are going to be. For perspective, the entire EMC R&D budget is $2.7 billion. So we feel good about our hand. Two completely different strategies, but I like where we are. In regards to M&A, as I said, our first priority is organic innovation and you're starting to see that innovation engine really kick into gear. And we started this, Steve, you'll remember four years ago. As we cut costs over the last four years, almost every single quarter year-over-year we spent more money on innovation and it's paying off. That doesn't say we won't do acquisitions, but I would reiterate it's returns-based and it is focused on companies like 3PAR, like 3Com, like Aruba that are complementary technology that fit into our overall four transformation areas as we go forward. So I think we've got the right strategy here, we're thoughtful about it. But if the right acquisition comes along and we feel like the price is appropriate, we'll go ahead and do it.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah. So it is an organic product developed in-house in record time and we're quite excited about this. The hyper-converged market is big. It's growing fast. It's also getting pretty crowded. You've seen a lot of announcements over the last couple of months, but we very much like this product from a side-by-side comparison and features and functionality to our competitors. Feel really good about it and I think it means that we can be a leader in this quite large and fast-growing part of the market.
Margaret C. Whitman: There certainly is some cannibalism there, probably the converged infrastructure play, but I would say that this is part of a migration to the next generation data center. What we're seeing from customers of all size, if your company is older than five or 10 years, you are trying to figure out how you're going to take your existing infrastructure to the next generation of IT. And so this is part of the sale of – okay, you can get more out of your existing IT if you transform to a hybrid infrastructure, and this is one of the core hardware components and software-defined components that allows you to get the most out of this next generation of IT. So, listen, our business is cannibalistic. Right? I mean, new products come in to replace old products, but we think we can get an increased share of that data center spend, which we see actually growing and overall the margins on CS are accretive to servers and to the EG Group in general.
Margaret C. Whitman: No. Actually we think it's an opportunity for us because some of the contracts, at least the ones I'm aware of, are actually owned by many of our competitors. And so those competitors – I know one in particular that's going to break from one into three, and we have a really very good opportunity to get one out of those three that's right in our sweet spot. As has been widely reported, the U.S. Navy and Marines contract comes up – I can't remember if it's in 2017 or 2018. I think it's the end of 2017, beginning of 2018 we have to start rebidding that. But we know how to do that. We've done it for years. So actually I think we're on the right side of most of these federal contracts that are breaking up.
Margaret C. Whitman: Yeah, sure. So what we're hearing from customers is there is almost universal acceptance that their environments will be hybrid. And there's almost universal acceptance that it has to start with an analysis of the apps. How many apps does the customer want to have? Is there opportunities to reduce the number of apps and consolidate? And then what instantiation do you want that app to be on? Some apps are going to stay locked down in a customer's data center, untouched by anyone's hand other than their own employees, but some apps will go to a private cloud on-prem, a virtual private cloud, a managed private cloud, and then obviously to the public cloud. And we're seeing workloads move because even going from a traditional data center to the private cloud can be a 20% to 30% savings to a customer for that workload, which is meaningful. So, as you know, we are the leader in private cloud. It is the first step that many customers take and then they think okay, what would I like, what of my apps would I like to have in a virtual private cloud and a managed private cloud. I think there is an inexorable march from data center only apps to private cloud, VPC, MPC, and ultimately to the public cloud. So one of the other things we're doing here is developing our multi-cloud management layer, or one pane of glass, our orchestration and automation of your multi-cloud environment. How do you deploy workloads to these different clouds quickly and efficiently? So I think we've got the right strategy here. I think it was smart to get out of our spending on public cloud. I think that game has moved to Azure and AWS and maybe someday Google, and we're really pleased with our Azure partnership. So that's working well. The other thing I would say is, recall that we have built our cloud operation on Helion OpenStack and our Version 2.0 of what we call HOS, Helion OpenStack 2.0 is a significant improvement from 1.1 where we had some installer challenges. So we're getting a lot of good feedback around HOS 2.0 as well as our carrier-grade OpenStack which is, of course, of interest to the telcos. We had a very good Mobile World Congress show. I was there for three days and our open NFV solution, we have 60 POCs across the globe and a couple of very big customer wins. So I feel like we're on the right strategy. The world's changing at breakneck speed, but we feel good about our strategy and I feel good actually about having chosen OpenStack. Two or three years ago, I was getting a little concerned because I wasn't sure how fast OpenStack was going to mature, but it seems like it's finally hitting the knee of the curve and the adult supervision that a number of big companies have provided is actually helping.
Margaret C. Whitman: Server. Yeah, so we actually see growth in high-performance compute; growth in Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 service provider. And in some parts of the world, core server growth. But we've got to make sure that we have the best server roadmap and the best opportunity for customers to run existing applications or cloud native apps, hence, HPE Synergy, which allows a developer to basically compose the infrastructure they need for their app. So HPE Synergy isn't exactly cloud by any stretch of the imagination, but it is in fact the next generation of infrastructure for the software-defined data center. I would also say that we are gaining share in that market. There's no question about it. We did a great job I think in grabbing share from Lenovo, as I said earlier, when those servers moved from IBM. And we are all over this Dell-EMC opportunity. So in a flat to declining market, which probably core servers are, at least over the next five years, we have to gain share, but there are real pockets of growth in the market as well. And HPC, by the way, high performance compute, we're like the last man standing there and we're investing in HPC and it's a core competency for the company.
