Antonio Neri: Thanks, Sonalee. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is safe and healthy. [Technical Difficulty]
Antonio Neri: Yes. Hi, Katy. Thanks for the question. So, the order intake or what I referred as the order linearity was fairly steady, I have to say. We normally plan a quarter in 13 weeks. The first week is the previous backlog from the previous quarter -- the backlog from the previous quarter and then 12 weeks. Right? And we plan the linearity early on. And I will say, we hit or exceeded our order linearity intake every week of the quarter. And so, these really came down to our ability to convert the order book into revenue. And in the case of HPC, High Performance Computing, let me remind everyone that in order for us to convert that order into revenue, we have to build it, obviously, we have to ship it, but we have to install it and we have to turn it on. And once the customer accepts that installation, which in many cases is fairly large installations, you're talking about number of clusters, that's when only we can recognize revenue. And so, the impact on HPC was two-fold, was not being able to go to customer sites because customers were locked down like we are and not being able to install and deliver and turn it on. And obviously, the same challenge we have in Compute and Storage with supply chain constraints and capacity because of social distances, and obviously, in the components level that we saw obviously a major disruption. And as a reminder, we ship pretty much three servers every minute. So, when that supply chain stops, it’s pretty significant. So, in terms of going forward, our priority one, two, and three continues to be clear the backlog, and that's how I think about it. Throughout Q2, we made progress in the recovery. I’ll say China is pretty much back to normal, but obviously they are clean in the backlog themselves. Because they had to first recover the labor and then obviously, they depend also on sub-suppliers for the components, think about cables, connectors, transistors, you name it. And so, for us, the majority backlog right now is in the bucket. And then, in the regional factories, for the vast majority, all are performing at capacity except one or two, where, the rules and the regulations or the shelter-in-place are demanding that there is a stringent process on social distancing, which obviously impact the capacity in the factory lines, but the factories are all up and running. So, I am optimistic about the weeks to come. So, I take this a week at a time. Obviously, we continue to focus on the order intake, I cannot comment in May because we think you asked the question on May, because we're in Q3 right now. But in Q2, the order linearity was fairly steady. And we expect, not just HPC but Compute and Storage to continue to make progress. And that's why Q3 will be different than Q2.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. Great question. So, since you mentioned HPE Next, let me start with that. I mean, I was the architect of HPE Next in the 2017 year. As you know, we launched it in the fall of 2017. And I will say HPE Next was a great success story, because it allowed us to re-architect the Company in the key areas in terms of simplification of processes, streamlining our go-to-market model. Remember, we went from a worldwide geo to country to more a geo model, where we removed layers. And honestly, it allowed us to reinvest back in innovation. And that's where I announced the investment of $4 billion at the edge. And now, we start seeing the results of that, with great numbers, despite the challenges. So, that was a success. And remember, we committed to deliver a $800 million in net savings and which we did and we did ahead of schedule. Now, to your point, this is a crisis unlike anyone we have faced. And I will say, in 2017, I said, listen, we don't envision another cost optimization plan, but this is a cost optimization driven by the pandemic. But honestly, I see an opportunity to go faster in our pivot to our strategy, which is to offer everything as-a-service. It is very unfortunate that we have this pandemic just causing tremendous economic disruption and obviously a huge impact to communities. But, from a business perspective, we are more [convinced] [ph] than ever in our strategy. And we see it. The demand for pervasive ubiquity connectivity. That's why access points are very strong for us. All cloud -- the cloud experience deployed everywhere from the edge to cloud and the ability to consumer as-a-service. And this is where we see tremendous momentum with HPE GreenLake. So, for me, it’s right size our cost structure to the new normal. And we don't know exactly what the new normal is at this point in time, because we don't know what recovery looks like. It's about allocating resources for the areas of growth we see in the future and also increase efficiency because we learn a lot. Remember, in Q1, I talked about it. We learned quite a lot and we extended the HPE Next, which is now part of this cost optimization and prioritization plan, and digitize everything. I believe this will cause incredible structural impact in a way people are going to work. And my expectation is at least 50% of our employees will never come back to an office. And the office will look completely different, which means our offices will be more center of innovation and collaboration, not where you come to do your regular work every day. And that requires resizing our real estate footprint. But even, as you resize the footprint, also requires new experiences and therefore investment associated with that. But, when you bring it all together and the need to rescale and upscale and allocate resources in the right place, I believe we have an opportunity to accelerate the strategy and drive to that long-term sustainable, profitable growth.
Antonio Neri: Sure. It definitely was a supply chain-driven, although demand continued to be uneven, as we discussed before, particularly in Compute. And I will say -- you have to look at it this way. The shortfall on the revenue is pretty much all supply chain-driven. Because I made the comment early on that our linearity in the order intake was pretty steady. But, in the order linearity, you have to look at the customer segments. Obviously, when you sell to, I call it cloud companies, which are more software companies that deliver their value through the cloud, those are continuing to be steady. If you think about enterprise, I will say those were pretty steady. SMB obviously was the biggest challenge in the transactional business. Because fundamentally, that segment of the market was significantly disruptive. As I think about the future, right, obviously, we already were under a macro situation. But, let's remind ourselves that the Compute platform go through an innovation cycle themselves, even though it's commoditized. And as I think about the Gen10, if you remember the Gen10, we actually told everyone that we said that two thirds of the structural change was permanent because of the ability to attach richer configuration. As we go to what we call Gen10.5 and Gen11, which is happening in the next 18 months, you're going to see more in that. You're going to see, again the same cycle where the density of these products, the amount of memory and storage, you can put inside this Compute platform will continue to increase. And that's good for us because obviously it drives AUP. But right now, our focus is really around, clear the backlog, both on the Compute side and on the HPC side, both finish installation and obviously clear the backlog there as well.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Toni. Hope all is well. Yes. I think, you're thinking in the right parameters. The only thing I will say is that definitely the vast majority was supply chain. And as I said in my early comment in the previous question, there was some demand obviously, but particularly in SMB and some elements of the mid market where enterprise was a little more steady. And we saw uptick in demand for example, that consumes Compute for example solutions like VDI, which was in high demand or even big data storage, which at the end, Toni is a Compute platform with a level of hard disk attached to it or SSDs attached to it. So, in that context, you are asking absolutely the right question, and this is what I’m maniacally focused with the team and which as I said, my priority one, two and three is clear the backlog. And as I said earlier, we focus the quarter in 13 weeks, where we enter the backlog, which was the $1.5 billion on May 1st and where we're going to exit on July 31st as the new orders come in. Because fundamentally, we expect the orders to come in. And we have an linearity plan associated with that recovery. So, I feel pretty optimistic about it. But however, it's going to come down to our ability to get the supply in the right place and the ability to execute in the cycle times that we need. And obviously, as you know, we have a very global diversified supply chain, and we have made some series of moves to move products built around the globe, even if they are for other regions. So, we can accelerate that backlog. And so, this is going to be the name of the game. But generally, as I think about the last four weeks, and I think about the next four weeks and then the next four weeks after that, we continue to see progress. But, there's a lot of things, who knows, there is a restart of coronavirus. I'm more concerned right now, Toni, to be honest with you, if something happened in one of these locations where we have the factory and you go into resheltering of the social distancing, that could have an impact. In terms of the velocity behind with components from China, I will say that’s where the vast majority is going absolutely in the right direction. And obviously, the logistics side, as we reopen countries and flights across the globe, that will help as well.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Thank you, Jeriel. I think, we have a unique differentiated value proposition with the HPE GreenLake. And with the introduction of the HPE GreenLake Central, which is a true cloud native platform where you can deploy the right mix from edge to cloud and consumer as-a-service and deliver the workload optimized solutions in a standardized way, it is a true differentiation for us. And what we have seen in the last several months is a continuous growth in a pipeline and the ability to convert the pipeline into larger deals, larger deals. Some of these deal, in particular two or three, which are triple digits, to give a sense. And so, for us -- and also, they are multiyear, right? So, for us, that's an exciting, because remember, we said many times, when we sign a GreenLake deal, we work with a customer in a multiyear deal. And the pull-through for infrastructure that goes with it and services attached is higher. The services attached through Pointnext operational service is 100% by the way, attach. And the margins are higher. So, fundamentally, we are confident in reaffirming the annualized run rate revenue of 30% to 40% that Tarek talked earlier, because it's a function of getting these continuous momentum and larger deals for many large cap companies. So, I think that's what we feel. And now, we are tailored more for the mid-market as well for SMB. And what the customers are looking for is the ability to scale up and down based on their needs, and also more and more have someone else run it for them. They don't want to be in the run side, they want to be more in the innovation side.
Antonio Neri: Sure. Thanks, Simon. I think, I will say -- let me start with the bad. SMB obviously has been a significant challenge, we all witness every day. That's what has driven a big chunk of the unemployment that we see here in the United States. So, obviously, that will take time to recover. And generally, that market gets served through what we call a transactional engine, and it’s a high velocity engine. In the enterprise, if you take it by vertical, I think telco has been fairly steady. Tarek talked about a portfolio that we have called Communications & Media Solutions. You heard some of the numbers, in some areas growing 40% and 70%. It's all software and services, and obviously drags infrastructure because eventually has to virtualize, whatever infrastructure put there. Financial Services actually was fairly steady and strong. We have a very large footprint. And this is where the diversification of our geo and verticals actually is helping us a little bit. Generally, FSI and telco are very large for us, where retail not so much, and I think retail obviously was more impacted. But I will say, telco or communications, media and entertainment, Financial Services was strong. Obviously, oil and gas not so much, because we know the pricing of the oil. And then, as I think about transportation, obviously impacted as well. But, I will say the number of deals and the size of the deals were generally the same. The elongated sales cycles were consistent. But we align our plans based on the linearity I talked earlier. And Q2 was fairly steady so far. So, whether the first half was supply chain and the second half is demand is to be seen. Again, Tarek talked early on about the shape of the recovery. And I agree with Tarek, I totally subscribe to the U recovery. The question is how far the two sides of the U are and how deep the U is. But right now, it feels steady in those areas. And as I said earlier, our focus is the backlog. Okay. Next question? I think, this is the last -- one more question. I think, this is the last question. I think we have another question on the line.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Thanks, Tarek. And again, I just want to -- last year was a unique year in the sense that we were pretty much on track. And actually, I would argue, we delivered the normalized free cash flow because we were able to take care of unique circumstances with the settlement in arbitration. So, when you add it all up, it was in excess of $2 billion. And again, it comes down to our ability to drive the operating cash, the cash from operations which general tends to be very strong. Obviously, this quarter, because we couldn't convert, we couldn't deliver that. But, let me remind again that the cost optimization and prioritization is not just about resizing, but it's about shifting investments to the strategy, which I answered earlier to Toni, I think is the opportunity we have now and therefore, making that happen in the lower part of this, whatever the lower is, is the right strategy, so you become stronger on the other end. So, to wrap it up, thanks again for joining us today and for your questions. Let me make a few comments to wrap the call. As I said earlier, these are unprecedented and challenging times for all of us, not just the business, but obviously the economy and the communities. Technology and digital transformation, in my view, are more critical than ever, to enable what I think is going to be new world, the new distributed world where workforces would be located in different ways. And honestly, there will be new ways to run businesses. I think, our strategy to deliver a cloud experience from the edge to the cloud is more relevant than ever. And at the core of that is to securely connect people and things as we see more than 50 million devices being connected to the network every single day. But, at the same time, we need to analyze data faster and to accelerate the business outcomes for our customers. I think, the measure we announced today will allow us to protect not only our balance sheet and continue to preserve the liquidity, which as you saw, in one of the slides, we have a very robust balance sheet with capacity up to $10 billion. So, that's not the issue. But fundamentally, my goal is to adapt the organization to be more agile, to align our resources to the critical core business areas of growth, and ultimately to accelerate the strategy, which I'm very convicted which will result in a long-term sustainable, profitable growth. And I want you to take away that this work is being done with sense of urgency. Whether we are the first to announce it than other people, doesn't matter, we believe that this is the right thing to do, and the time is important. So, again, thank you for joining us, the call today. And I hope you stay safe with you and your family. And we'll talk soon. Take care.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Antonio. It's quite difficult to call the bottom or trough quarter, given the level of uncertainty that is currently visible. There's one thing that we know is that the uncertainty is high. And it's everyone's guess what the shape of the recovery will be. So, please bear that in mind. And most people and economists we talk to and spend a lot of time talking to many experts, as I'm sure you did, are not thinking in terms of a V-shape recovery, more in terms of a U-shape recovery. And that's what we are modeling. And this is why we have come up with the cost prioritization plan that Antonio mentioned. And as he said, we need to take every day as it comes. So, in terms of cost take out, there is -- as part of our plan, the goal is to achieve the vast majority of the $800 million net run rate savings by fiscal year ‘21, although we said this number will be visible by fiscal year ‘22. And the reason why we said this is because of this level of uncertainty that exists in the shape of the economic recovery that I was referring to you before. So what we are doing is we’re supplementing run rate reductions with temporary pay cuts and actions that we can take otherwise to protect the financial profile of the company and enhance our liquidity moving forward.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. Thank you, Antonio. With respect to cash and cash flow and I'd like also to ask you a question for clarification purposes. With respect to cash flow, what has driven our cash flow performance in Q2, is the increase in inventory levels and the change in the cash conversion cycle. We've stocked up a lot of inventory. And the backlog is also a reflection of the fact that we stocked up a lot of inventory. And our cash flow conversion cycle, which was a favorable minus 17 days, dropped to less favorable minus five days because of our stocking up in inventory terms. Could you please, for my benefit, repeat your question on costs and what you were trying to get to here? I did not quite understand it. Thank you.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. So, by and large, we're going to leave no stone unturned. That's the message. But, effectively, if you look at what the plan is about, it’s fundamentally around realigning resources to the segments that we started to report back in the first quarter and areas of growth that we see driving better productivity levels across those segments, changing fundamentally the way we engage with customers from a marketing and sales standpoint, rethinking our supply chain to create it in such a way that is more resilient than before, yet agile and efficient, rethinking also our workforce management practices. Because quite frankly, I don't know what your situation is like, but we've been working very effectively from home for the past three months almost. And so, this is pointing to us the need to think about this new normal and what does it mean from a workforce management standpoint, and our real estate footprint. So, you can rethink your real estate footprint now that the world is much more distributed and connected than ever before. So, I hope I have provided sufficient color to answer your question. Back to you, Antonio.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Antonio. So, the most important thing in our costs optimization and privatization plan is to achieve those $800 million of net run rate savings and hold them as long as possible in the cost structure, so that we can effectively see more margins in our business. With respect to free flow last year, if it were not for a legal settlement that we paid, we would have exceeded $2 billion free cash flow Mark. So, that was what that business was capable back then with a certain revenue base. And, what you've heard from Antonio is that we are rightsizing the business to what is potentially a new revenue base. And it's too early to tell whether that new revenue base will come back to the pre-pandemic revenue levels, moving forward. But, what's very important right now is our focus is to ensure that we right size our business and deliver those run rate savings, so that we can emerge stronger after this crisis subsides. Thank you.
