Antonio Neri: No, the only thing I will say maybe is that listen, Tarek made this comment in his remarks, is the fact of the matter on the high-end -- on the top end of that balance we give you 1.7 billion, is almost the same number we achieved in 2020 -- 2019.  And therefore, in many ways, we are almost a year ahead of our commitment because if you'll recall, we said we're going to return to normalized free cash flow in 2022. In the reality, even when you finance these large deals that eventually we're going to communicate has nothing to do with the NSA deal.  We are already almost at the same number, so that's why we are so pleased with the momentum that we have. But it's a momentum based on the order growth, and all the actions we have taken, and the deliberate shift in our portfolio to higher margins. And that's what you see in our numbers in Q3, right? It's a record-breaking gross margin of 34.7%.
Antonio Neri: Yeah, thanks, Simon, for the question. I will start, and then I will let Tarek comment. Listen, we take pricing actions all the time. In fact, we probably have the first to take pricing action in our industry, I will say. We continue to assess what is the right strategy by segment and making sure that we take those actions where appropriate.  The fact of the matter is that we have increased pricing even concrete. That's a fact. And we do that in a context of, obviously, supply availability, steep in demand in the right portfolio, and obviously, inflationary costs associated with some of the commodities.  At the same time, remember there is also new innovation against building our products, which has a structural impact in the sense that when you look at our infrastructure, new technologies drive two-thirds of the pricing in many ways in AOPs, but we could take close the actions all the time, Simon, and we will continue to do so.  And that's part of the reason also while we see record-breaking margins but in addition to the fact that we're still in the demand in the right place and driving that mix shift that we talked about before. So Tarek, I know you want to get more specific, probably.
Antonio Neri: Well, we are very confident in the sense that we have taken proactive actions. We continue to take proactive actions that can imagine a person evolve with some of this conversation with suppliers. But if you look at our order buffering -- sorry, inventory buffering we talked about, right? Our inventory is up 1.3 billion.  And at the same time, we have, I think, one of the best-in-class engineering teams that they can swap things as we go along the way. That said, as a look at this order book, there is so much potential upside here. Is all about that daily conversion.  And so far, once we -- we have not seen any cancellations. Just to be clear, when people ask me, hey, this is perishable? No, I can tell you, the answer is definitely, no. I think it's because also customers realize it's not just a supply constraint, but a need to provision more Compute and data insight capabilities.  And then, as I said earlier, even despite the fact that our Intelligent Edge business exited with a 5 times backlog on that unique segment of the market, we still delivered 23% in constant currency, 27% growth.  And that's why what Tarek said, we expect revenue to continue to grow, and in particular '22. And then to the question that was asked earlier about margin, the margin should strengthen over time because of the mix shift, and that Aruba is very important to us.  But fundamentally, I think our edge-to-cloud vision and strategy is absolutely resonating in the market because customers need three things. They need secured connectivity in this hybrid world. They need a cloud experience everywhere.  And then, they need data insights yesterday, in my view. And then, we need to be able to consume it as-a-service in an elastic way. We have all the forward ingredients, and that's why we're going to accelerate further and faster with this strategy because it's working.
Antonio Neri: Yeah, let me start, and Tarek is welcome to -- Listen, as you said, right? This business is lumpy because it kind of takes to book the order to build the ship and install it. And then most importantly, the customer accepts the order, meaning the workload that was intended to run on is active -- is in production.  And we normally see this trend accelerate in the back half of the year because of the way the acceptances work. So we absolutely expect a significant uptick here. And that's why we are very confident in our ability to deliver for the year 2021 the 8 to 12% growth that we committed.  Since the beginning actually of 2021. And we have a number of deals that are all now running the -- what we call the testing cycles. And fairly confident about the customer acceptances, which would allow us to recognize revenue.  This has nothing to do with supply availability in many ways because, obviously, those assistants, in many ways, have already shipped and they're already deployed. It just getting through the cycle for the customer to get the performance that they need.  And there is quite a bit of tuning that does get done when the systems are deployed. But to Tarek's point, the demand is unbelievably strong. Put aside the $2 billion award that we got yesterday, we announced yesterday, we continue to win multiple multi-million-dollar deals in many aspects. And you can see some of those as we announced throughout the quarter.  And that's the power of the portfolio we have in high-performance computing, and specifically, two  are in people earning capabilities. And by the way, we have $2.5 billion of award the business, which I don't consider backlog, is business that will be delivered over the next 12-18 months. In particular, the large Exascale systems, which are an amazing feat of technology, I will say.
Antonio Neri: Well, thank you, Shannon. I mean, we are incredibly bullish about this business. I think we have a competitive advantage. And the competitive advantage comes from many aspects. One is the software.  Software that makes this consumption model a true consumption model, unlike some of the other ones were trying to catch up, which is more financial engineering in many ways. Understand everybody's getting into the space, but we have years of leadership here.  And the conversation goes as simple as this. I want the cloud experience on Prime and at the Edge. And we can bring that through Greenlake because it's a true cloud experience that you can consume elastically on a per-unit measure that we can measure all the way to core levels.  And be able to automate the whole experience through our software stack, which obviously HBS model now, it's becoming a very important component of that. And that's why Tarek made the comment earlier as we go through the end of October, we are going to give a little better disclosure of that because the software content with ARR continues to increase.  Aruba by definition Shannon, is really old software, right? And he said that the triple-digit growth is happening in our business because you are subscribing to get connectivity. And our platform is a cloud platform that scales because we manage now more than 1.5 million devices.  But it's more than a pool, I would say. When customers are becoming way more sophisticated about the hybrid state, whether show hosted data, and whether show . They realize that the vast majority is still on-premise.  And many of them will stay on-premise. It's just economics and physics. And we can deliver some experience on-prem and still give them a hybrid experience by managing the workloads and  outside the four walls.  And Greenlake is absolute to resonate and that's why you see us catering everything to Greenlake, whether it's connectivity, whether its data services, whether it is elastically computed. And more world-optimized services as we go along.  And that's why I said earlier, this is all about acceleration on that. And between now and March, you're going to see a massive acceleration. And that's why it's my number one priority. And by the way, as revenue is accretive from a gross margin perspective, so, Tarek, you want to talk about that.
Antonio Neri: I think it will be definitely recognized over time. There will be periods that will be a little bit lumpier because of the infrastructure, but start recognizing here in 2022 immediately. In fact, we're expecting here the first order to happen now and start shipping soon.  But obviously, the one thing you need to understand about this deal, it's not just about selling infrastructure and consumer-as-a-Service through HPE GreenLake is the true as-a-Service model and management at the same time. We are operating the whole environment, which is very different from then used to be in the past.
Antonio Neri: Listen, I expect this business to continue to grow double-digits, right? We're very confident with that forecast. And honestly, maintaining or improve it even, the level of profitability because as Tarek made the comment earlier, right?  This quarter was impacted by a settlement on a legal matter that has been going on for a decade. And so, I'm pleased that that finally has completed, which was $17 million that we booked for this and has nothing to do with Aruba. It just happened way before Aruba for that matter. And so, the reason why I'm confident is that we have a unique value proposition. The value proposition of Aruba is mobile-first cloud-first, which is based on three layers.  One is the unification of the network for whatever type of connectivity you need, which is Wi-Fi and to the point, Wi-Fi 6 is now been adopted, and we are, I think, the largest vendor shipping Wi-Fi access points, second is obviously LAN, third is WAN, and that's why this acquisition has been incredibly well-received by our customers.  And very timely because it's integrated now in the same control plane. And going forward, we're going to integrate more solutions like 5G and Edge computing, and that's why this Edge-to-Cloud platform is essential.  But the Aruba Edge platform is what allows us to deliver the entire Edge-to-Cloud platform because now that platform also serves as the backend to deliver iAS for customer’s on-prem and at the Edge for computer installers too, including data services or workload-optimized solutions.  So super pleased. And remember what I said, we exit Q3 2021 with a five times backlog on a normal run rate in that Aruba, and the bookings were very, very strong, super strong.
Antonio Neri: Yes. So again, thank you for taking the time today. Again, we are very pleased with our Q3 result, which again was marked by the older strong momentum in line with revenue expectations, but most importantly, strong improvement in gross and operating margin, and record year-to-date orders and free cash flow.  And that gives us the confidence to, once again, for the fourth time in the year, raise EPS and free cash flow and enter 2022 with good visibility about what we think is going to happen. I'm particularly bullish about the IT spends cycle.  People ask me, what do you think the Delta virus is going to do? It is going to do nothing on demand. I can tell you that now. It may have some impact on supply availability, but nothing on-demand, let me be clear about that.  And the reason why is because customers need to digitize their business, they need to create a more IT environment, and honestly, they need to extract insight from the data at a pace we've never seen before, and our Edge-to-Cloud platform strategy is resonating. So thank you for taking the time to be with us today, and hope to catch up at the end of October at the Securities Analyst Meeting.
Tarek Robbiati: Thank you, Antonio, and thank you, Simon, for the question. We have in this context where you have a constrained supply environment to be very careful around managing to price, right? And we have taken action that is translating in this record level of gross margin of 34.7%.  Some of our competitors didn't take that action, and it's down to them and up to them. But we feel that the current environment is calling for additions that approach to pricing. And we see an encouraged, balanced pricing behavior across the market. So more specifically, with respect to our units in AUP and Compute. I'm sure someone will ask the question.
Tarek Robbiati: AUP was up to mid to high single-digits quarter-on-quarter reflecting pass-through of commodity costs and richer configurations. As always, configurations that are richer play a big rolling in the AUP, but also, pricing in this case. And units were flat quarter-over-quarter, given some expected supply chain constraints. So we feel pretty good about performance in computing.  In that regard, it's still a business that we have to manage very, very carefully on a day-to-day basis because the supply environment being volatile forces us to do so. But we still see scope for continuous gross margin improvement across the board and in Compute as well.
Tarek Robbiati: So, let me pick up the first question on the normalized seasonality. Typically, what you observe in terms of sequential quarter-over-quarter growth, I would say it's somewhere in the low single-digits around the 1% to 2% range between Q3 and Q4.  So Q4 and Q3 growth are about that level. Like I said in my script, I'm comfortable with the current consensus on revenue for Q4, and we feel pretty good about this. The order book is very, very solid. Antonio underscored this. Across the board, our order book is super solid. Now the question is, how much of that can be really accelerated in terms of conversion in Q4?  And it's, every day is another day, so we're working through that. And this obviously has an impact on gross margins, right? Because the more you wait for fulfilling an order, the more you can have an adverse impact on gross margins. But we feel fairly comfortable with us managing this dynamic and particularly leveraging or pulling the levers across the board that we have such as our revenue mix.  I want to highlight to you the continuous growth in Aruba. This level of growth in Aruba on our Intelligent Edge business of 23% comes with very high-calorie revenue, and we feel very, very comfortable and pleased with that trend.  Also, our growth in storage, which comes with very high-calorie gross margin revenue, is pleasing at 3%. We took share from some of our main competitors, and this gives you an idea that we have a few strings in our bow, so to speak, to actually continue to drive gross margins to better levels.
Tarek Robbiati: And on the -- if I can add to Antonio's comments. In my mind, there is no point crying over spilled milk. If we could have converted more, we would have converted more, but it doesn't really matter.  The order momentum and the order book remained strong. And what we didn't convert in Q3 will convert in Q4 and subsequent quarters. To specifically give you an idea of where we would have ended in Q3. We probably would have ended above seasonal trends that we see between Q2 and Q3 by a low-single-digit percentage number. But the momentum is very strong in Q4 and also for '22, that's the interesting bit.  In the environment that we're operating in, the demand is very solid and with the supply constraints, we don't see them ending before the first half of calendar year '22. So we just have to navigate this as the capacity of all our manufacturing partners is not back to pre-pandemic levels, and that will still take a good 2 to 3 quarters.
Tarek Robbiati: Yeah, absolutely. So, Shannon, what I would say is, if you refer back to Slide 5 of our investor presentation, we showed the stack of revenue that composes our AUR, right? So our Greenlake revenue is across all segments, our Compute HPC MCS, storage, Aruba, and also HPFS as you can infer from that slide.  And the more we drive Greenlake by way of software, the more accretive it is to the overall gross margin of the Company. That's a key lever to drive gross margin moving forward. We're driving gross margin across every single stream lane through the revenue mix, and across also that revenue mix horizontally by way of pivoting the Company to become an as-a-Service Company.  So far, what I can tell you is that the Greenlake gross margin is substantially higher than the average gross margin of the Company that we posted today. And we look forward, Antonio and I to update you and every other member of the analyst's community at our virtual SAM event in October highlighting to you where we see the ARR growing.  And it's mixed by segment moving forward. And in composition, how much of it is software and how much of it comes from other types of revenue streams such as point NExOS, which are very important to the profitability of the Company.
