Antonio Neri: Well, thank you, Shannon. We are incredibly pleased about the performance of Intelligent Edge. If you recall, this has been a story in the making since the acquisition of Aruba in 2015, which I completed. And then in 2018, I committed to invest $4 billion over the next four years. And the result of this growth is a combination of many things: number one, a very differentiated portfolio, which is cloud driven; a lot of what we do is SaaS subscription, which drives a lot of infrastructure in the campus and branch, but now more and more at the edge of the data center. Second is the fact that our team has executed extremely well in targeting growth areas in the market by customer segment and verticals and used cases. And then after that, I will say, the cloud AI experience that we built in the portfolio with the simplicity of use is one of the reasons why customers prefer the HPE Intelligent Edge now delivered to HPE GreenLake offering. And over time, we have added more and more functionality, both organic and inorganically.  I think organically, the AIOps is a point of differentiation for us. We talk about AI these days, but we embedded AI in our HPE Aruba Central, now part of the GreenLake several years ago. We added, obviously, the SD-WAN component of our portfolio through the acquisition of Silver Peak. And now as Tarek said, we have closed the Axis Security. And think about it this way, for every $1 of SD-WAN, it should be $1 of SASE attached to it. That's why it was fundamental for us to bolster that type of capability. And then we are very bullish about the opportunity to provide private 5G as an extension of the connectivity layer with Wi-Fi, LAN, and SD-WAN. And then over time, we're going to continue to grow our data center footprint because of the organic investments we've made over a number of years, which actually, the differentiation comes from the silicon side and, as well as from the software side. 80% plus of our portfolio in the campus and branch has our own silicon. We use our own chipsets. And obviously, the software we deliver to ArubaOS-CX, is programmable to the silicon. So those are the reasons. I think the use cases continue to be very evident in hospitality. Obviously, as the services sector continue to do well, customers want a connected experience. We see that in health care, I see that as a part of my engagement in the health care, since I'm a director in an insurance company. We see that in manufacturing through automation and robotics. If you're not connected, obviously, you can't deliver any of that. But in the end, it's all about the digitization of enterprise and the first step to digitize in a data-first approach is the connectivity. So that's why we are very bullish about this. I think the business will continue to grow double-digits. That's why we laid out a few quarters back the Rule of 40 whatever is the mix of growth and profit. But so far, we have blown through the Rule of 40. If you add 56 and the 27, that's pretty much a Rule of 80-plus. And so that obviously is not sustainable, but we're gaining share and that's what really matters.
Antonio Neri: Thank you. Obviously, what have been experienced in AI is simply amazing, breathtaking in some cases. I consider AI a massive inflection point, no different than Web 1.0 or mobile in different decades. But obviously, the potential to disrupt every industry, to advance many of the challenges we all face every day through data insights, it's just astonishing. And HPE has a unique opportunity in that market because ultimately, you need a what I call a hybrid AI strategy. You need strong inference at the edge. And that really comped by being able to connect and process data, whatever is created with very efficient and low carbon footprint, meaning sustainable solutions with lower power consumption. And then on the other side, you need a training environment where you take some part of the data, where you can train for different needs, different models for different type of used cases. And HPE has a unique portfolio from the inference side all the way to the training side. So, our HPE ProLiant has already some very powerful cost-efficient solutions at the inference. The amount of computational power, now we can put in one of these, what I call,  (ph) servers. It's simply amazing. And there are different types of configurations that we need to go through to accelerate the GPUs and the like and sometimes, CPUs, by the way.  And on the other side, obviously on the training side, you need a scale type of models with very specialized stacks, and that's where HPE, through organic and inorganic acquisition, really excel because delivering this large amount of GPUs as a coherent system requires enormous expertise. And that's where HPE has unique differentiation in delivering AI at scale through supercomputing. Think about the old tech become the new tech in many ways. Second is unique IP and you named HPE Slingshot. HPE Slingshot is the true Ethernet fabric that's very efficient from both cost and power consumption to chain up to, in this case, like Aurora, 60,000 GPUs. And by the way, it's open because we can support any type of GPUs. Obviously, NVIDIA right now is a hot commodity, but think about Frontier, it was all AMD. And in the case of Aurora, it's all Intel. And we are building a lot of NVIDIA systems in partnership with NVIDIA. So, we can support that in an open environment. The other piece of this is the fact that HP has unique software. In order to present the system in a coherent way, you need software to manage contention of resources because the most important metric for developers is the starting and the completion of the model. And many developers we have been working with, not the traditional run type, but people are developing these large language models are telling us, ‘sometimes, we try systems in an open cloud environment, it doesn't start for us. Sometimes we can't complete the model.’ Is that's the unique expertise that we bring, because we now have to do that at scale. And then last, but not least, it's very important. Our aspiration is not just AI in the system infrastructure level. We already have, through the acquisition of HPE Cray today, a lot of software that actually provides the packages to train these models. And then in addition to the acquisition of Pachyderm and Determined AI, where we focus on the simplicity to prepare the data, to automate the data pipeline and eventually to train that data. And I think you will hear more about this in a couple of weeks when we go to HPE Discovery in Las Vegas. So, I would recommend you follow us because you will see some breakthrough announcements in the way we provide this AI solution from edge or inference all the way to the training model in a way that every type of customer can get access to our HPE GreenLake platform.
Antonio Neri: Well, Simon, we will be there. I mean, obviously, we have a large footprint. We participate in many of the verticals you described. In the short-term, obviously, we see a significant challenge in Financial Services. Tarek talked about that, called it the crisis of the Financial Services where the large deals that normally happen are now elongated or waiting to get longer approvals and the like. But there is also a lot of digestion and deflationary that's taking place on the commodity space as well, but there is no supply chain challenges. So, maybe just in time, orders works fine because now we can deliver servers in what I call pre-pandemic SLAs, right? So, that's a positive news. Now, it's hard to predict, to be honest with you. We commented that Europe and Asia and mid-market, things seems to be holding up. I agree with you the telco should be a growing opportunity. And listen, we have a very optimized compute platform for virtualization and round deployments. We have very strong partnerships with the equipment providers. We have a platform called HPE ProLiant 110 that's really very specialized for the virtualization of the brand. And as 5G deployments take hold, we expect to capture a size of that. But right now, it's a little bit blurry, and that's why with Tarek, we felt prudent and pragmatic, in many ways, to readjust that guidance for the short term. Ultimately, I think, I believe long term, there is a growth opportunity driven by the growth of data we see in the market. That data needs to be processed. The world is hybrid, so the balance between the public cloud and on-prem of colocations and now the edge continues to be there. I think form factors are evolving at the same time. But I think it comes down to the unit growth and the unit growth of what average unit price. These systems are becoming well more dense and more intelligent in any way. But at the same time, think about units and then attach rates and then what happened with the cost of commodity. So, there will be unit growth. I think there will be segments that will drive unit growth, but we have to see a little bit more before we can call that growth at this point in time.
Antonio Neri: Well, thank you for the question. I hope you will be writing about this because to your point, right, we are not getting credit for the stellar performance. And honestly, a story in the making for a number of quarters, right? So, this was the 11th consecutive quarters of growth for that business, which is very impressive in my mind. And I think Tarek had a little bit of challenge saying 1,400 basis points. I mean, normally, 100-plus or 200-plus, but 1,400, it was a little bit awkward to say it. And I think it's because A, we have that unique differentiation and the software that makes the portfolio so special in many ways, and that's what customers are attracted to. Now, as I think about what is driving, I think it's basically demand rolling through that very large order book. And as I said in my remarks, the order book for both the Intelligent Edge and AI remains very, very large, and that demand improved sequentially, as Tarek said. And so, we keep trying to work that order book, but we keep feeding our order book with sequential growth in that demand. We don't believe the demand is poised to go down significantly from here. In fact, we believe it's going to be somewhat steady. But that's why we need to keep innovating and keep adding functionalities and capability to that portfolio. As Tarek said, 19%, almost of the revenue now is coming from this portfolio. And this portfolio enable us to build scale, also and allows us to build the as-a-service model because a lot of what we have done with GreenLake came from the extraction of the cloud coming from this business that we expanded in the rest of the portfolio in hybrid cloud and AI. So, it's a very important critical business. I think the market is starting to see a sizing increase before they give us credit, but I think now everybody has to take notice of that.
Antonio Neri: And I would say, you asked a question, how you consider unlocking the value? I mean, as you can expect, I mean, we really review with our Board strategy to maximize value for our shareholder. But we believe the edge is critical to our strategy because it's aligned to the customer need. You need the connectivity to drive the digital transformation. Without that is incomplete. At the same time, I know I talked about the leverage of the edge portfolio and the cloud for the rest of the company. And also, let's remind ourselves, we have cross-selling opportunities because once we land the customer on HPE GreenLake, whether it's through the edge or through the hybrid cloud and now through the AI as we go forward, you will see the opportunity to cross-sell, which benefit Aruba and the Intelligent Edge as a whole and the rest of the company as well.
Antonio Neri: Thanks, Wamsi. I think Tarek mentioned that we assume in our guidance current level of demand and no further deterioration. Demand on Compute was slightly down from the previous quarter, compared to everything else that was up sequentially. And so from our vantage point, we believe we have covered this in the guidance. I think from the deterioration, I think it was clear when the financial crisis started sometime in March. We saw a deceleration and that was very evident in the financial sector, right, so the financial vertical, I will say. But that said, it is the most uneven parts of the portfolio, as we commented. I think it's driven by the digestion of our customers' order last year. The fact that today, they are maybe prioritizing investments in the edge or prioritizing investment in AI, which clearly we are a benefactor of it from that perspective. I think customers are looking for resilience as well, considering everything that's happening around the globe. And then also understanding what's happening with the cost of the commodities as we go to this transition. And ultimately, at some point, right, we see what the consumer market is going to do because the consumer is a driver of data as well. And so, we need to understand those trends. But I will say from that vantage point, I think clearly the Compute market as a whole, and this is important we segment this because sometimes people refer to Compute as servers. We don't refer that as servers. We refer that as a specific general purpose compute. The servers include, obviously, high-performance computing and other form factors. But in that space, clearly, is the most uneven at this time.
Antonio Neri: Sure. So, a couple of things I'll correct. So, last quarter, right, we exited with an order book that was 2x historical levels, and we refer to historical levels to pre-pandemic, Toni. And then this quarter, we're exiting 1.5x. What is different is that the mix of that order book is different, right? Because obviously, the growth we have in Intelligent Edge and AI is substantial, obviously. But the 800 million, I want to clarify that for you, Toni. The 800 million was just in the AI space. And every segment grew sequentially orders, except Compute, which was very  (ph) single-digits demand decline. And so clearly, when you want to isolate, it's Compute, it's Compute particularly in North America, it's Compute particularly in these two segments we described, financial services and manufacturing. But the mix of the order book has shifted because now the larger of the book is actually in the Intelligent Edge and it is in AI. And the 800 million I described earlier are all 100% orders that we got in the AI space because we saw a significant uptick, and that came from Fortune 500 companies, some of these digital-native large language models companies and a large cloud provider. But ultimately, that's what's happening. And the Compute – that's why we are readjusting that guidance on revenue because of the unevenness in Compute. But overall, we are, as a total company, 1.5x where normally we should be.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Well, thank you for all your comments, and we appreciate you attending today the call. I mean, I will leave with a simple message, right. So, I think overall, HPE had a very solid quarter. Obviously, we were not at the total revenue consensus as people put out there. But the fact of the matter, we grew revenues. We significantly grew our recurring revenues, and we had an exceptional profitability for the quarter. And this was driven by our pivot, and you can see the pivot and the meaningful impact that Intelligent Edge and AI is having to our business. We didn't spoke a lot about Storage, but Storage grew 2%. And at the same time, the Alletra platform, which is a software-defined platform, grew in excess of 100% and a big portion of that revenue is actually deferred. So, I think in the short-term, we're going to navigate this uneven demand in Compute, but we are very pleased about the momentum we have in hybrid cloud with GreenLake, AI and which is a massive, massive opportunity for the company with a unique differentiation and obviously, the Intelligent Edge, which is delivering a standout performance this quarter after quarter after quarter. So, with that, I hope to see you at HPE Discovery in Vegas in three weeks because we have some amazing announcements that we want to share with you that will continue to drive momentum in our business. So, thank you very much.
