Andrew Simanek: Good afternoon. I'm Andy Simanek, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to welcome you to our fiscal 2019 second quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately one year. We posted the press release and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations webpage at investors.hpe.com. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions; please refer to HPE's filings with the SEC including its most recent Form 10-K. HPE assumes no obligations and does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements. We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2019. Also, for financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details. Throughout this conference call all revenue growth rates unless noted otherwise, are presented on a year-over-year basis, and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency. Finally, please note that after Antonio provides his high-level remarks Tarek will be referencing the slides and our earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned the earnings presentation can be found posted to our website and it is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call. With that let me turn it over to Antonio.
Andrew Simanek: Perfect. Thanks, Aaron. So we're coming up on the bottom of the hour. So I think we have time for just one more question, please.
Andrew Simanek: Great. Thank you, Jim. I think with that we can close out the call. I know there's a heavy earning scheduled today. So appreciate everybody join us and we'll look forward to talking to you next time. Thank you.
Tarek Robbiati: Hi, Katy. When you look at overall, our business in China, you can look at page two and see the contribution it makes from a revenue standpoint. And what comes at the bottom by way of OI&E. What we explained today is that the revenue that comes from the products we sell through H3C is at preferential prices. And therefore you can assume that that revenue is relatively low gross margin. So from the top line side, the impact to the EPS is practically negligible. Within the OI&E side, you do get the benefit of the equity interest that comes from H3C from selling their products in China plus, of course, our products through their channels in China. And we received a pretty high equity interest in the quarter, but that was not the sole driver for our performance in OI&E, there were other drivers there as well, such as currency hedges, one off asset sales, and of course, the contribution of our H3C business in China. So on the whole, it's a mix of factors that have driven up OI&E. And from the top line, the contribution to EPS growth is negligible.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. It's pretty obvious. The thing we remind ourselves of where we were on a free cash flow basis when we started this fiscal year. In the first quarter we did flag that for the first time working capital would be a contributor to cash in this fiscal year as opposed to a use of cash. So in the performance on a free cash flow basis, you have the three components. Number one, the cash earnings, which are more stronger thanks to the improvement in gross margin and everything we’ve done from a cash earning standpoint. Number two, the working capital, which is a very important part of the free cash flow equation. And number three, we are having less transformation costs than originally anticipated. The guidance that we provided on free cash flow is sufficiently wide $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. And we’re comfortable with that level of guidance at this stage, we may want to choose during the course of the year to calibrate some investments. And that's why we're not changing the guidance.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, certainly. So expanding gross margins is very important. And I'm glad that you're focusing on it, it demonstrates that we're not a commoditizing business. And there's a lot of richness in the portfolio of software defined offerings we provide to our customers. The trends are very positive, and we expanded gross margins now for five quarters in a row, we’re up to 32.2% in Q2, and this is up 200 basis points year-over-year and up 110 basis points sequentially, if I'm not mistaken. If you look at what has driven up the improvement, it is primarily pivoting the portfolio mix to higher revenue, rich -- margin rich revenue. That was two thirds of the improvement in gross margin. And the remaining one third came from supply chain efficiencies, the work we're doing with HPE Next, addressing manufacturing overhead and of course, lower commodity costs. So specifically, to your point, when you're asking about sustainability of that gross margin improvement, it is not prone entirely to commodity costs rising because the revenue mix is shifting to higher differentiated revenue streams that command the gross margin premium. And therefore we feel very good about the upside we have in gross margin overall as we continue to accelerate the pivot of our portfolio towards revenues that are higher gross margin.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay, Toni. So overall, we feel good about the long-term opportunity and profitability of Pointnext. Revenue in Q2 was down 3% year-over-year, mainly due to the continued exit of low margin countries in the advisory and professional services business. This will become less dilutive as the year progresses. Our book-to-bill ratio was 1.12 which is an indicator of future revenue growth. And in my script I've indicated that as GreenLake continues to grow there is an elongation of the cycle that we could see for recognizing the revenues pertaining to Pointnext OS. And we need several quarters off a book-to-bill ratio at current levels to be seeing Pointnext OS, operational services revenue growing. So when you look at this, what's important and what we do as we drive the book-to-bill ratio to be at or above current levels, we also drive operational services orders in nimble. And when you take the combination of operational services orders plus the nimble services orders the combination grew 1% in constant currency as we have the tailwinds of new attached offerings across our portfolio. GreenLake is really the only on-prem consumption driven offering in the market and it was up 39% year-over-year plus thing that we also announced the strategic partnership with Google cloud and Nutanix and this is to expand the GreenLake echo systems for several quarters ahead of us. So we feel good about this, it will take us a bit of time, maybe Antonio wanted to add.
Tarek Robbiati: Absolutely. I will simply add that this is -- at the beginning of this month this is the first time where we can exercise the put option. And that's the reason why we talked to you about it today.
Antonio Neri: Yeah, thanks for the question. And good afternoon. Listen, we drove solid growth in EMEA and APJ and we continue to see the momentum going. What we uncover in North America was the market dynamic and the demand shifted in different segments of the market. And we have to make some quick adjustments on how we cover those markets where the growth is, understanding that now there is a transition on new technology with Wi-Fi 6 and other software capabilities that we just introduced to the market. But at the core of the channel was nothing more than making sure our resources and covering the market are in line what the growth is. And there was that. The second was the elongated sales cycles that we saw. And the third one was also the fact that, as people assess what's going on here in North America, particularly with global trade, we saw this elongated cycles in the decision making. And that had an impact on a few deals that shifted from Q2 to Q3. And so that come all together in a way that drove that decline in North America. But I'm really confident, A, number one, we know exactly what it is, and we have taken active action to address it. Number two, is the fact that our products and services are very differentiated. And we feel comfortable about that. But to be fair, we could have executed better in that specific segment of the business. And the good news, we know what to do. And we have put in place the changes that are needed.
Antonio Neri: Yes, Tony, thanks for the question. So, the market dynamics at the beginning of the quarter were certain that we felt we could accelerate. And at the end of the quarter, we saw a different story, because obviously, the uncertainty continued to be in the market. And as I said, that had an impact on elongated sales cycles, which translated in some deals shifting from Q2 to Q3, and those deals will come as we go along. Definitely, we continue to drive solid growth against our strategic initiatives. And obviously, you saw some of the numbers we quoted with Aruba services and we quoted HCI and compostable cloud and even GreenLake which had the largest quarter ever. But no question we could have executed better in some aspects of this particular on the -- as we said just a minute on the Aruba product in North America. But the reality, I cannot put a specific number associated with each of them was a combination of the market dynamics changing from the beginning of the quarter, some deals slipping to from Q2 to Q3. And then obviously, some execution aspects that we could have done better. And -- but we believe, we have the handle on the execution challenges, because that are in our control, and we know exactly which segments of the market and we have made or continue to make the changes. But the demand for ever growing amount of data, and the pipeline that we have out there continue to reflect the fact that we actually will continue to deliver on our commitment to some, which is to grow the company and obviously grow the Intelligent Edge, which is, as I said in my opening remark, is a big opportunity for the company. So, overall, I think, you know, that's how I characterize this quarter. And there are things we have in our controlling and things we have not in our control. But the pipeline, the fact that data continue to explode, and the fact that we have these deals shifting from one quarter to the other give us the understanding and the confidence that we will execute as we go along.
Antonio Neri: Yes, no just a couple of comments, Tony. So our book-to-bill ratio is what I've really measured going forward in each aspects of the portfolio because obviously when you're at these levels over time depending on the mix of what gets booked, it will drive revenue growth. And if you look at our book-to-bill ratio in Q1 was lower than Q2 even though it was above the revenue. So that means we have seen an acceleration of the book-to-bill ratio quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and as that matures becomes in the balance sheet over time you are going to see that balance sheet translated into revenue. And the other thing let's remind ourselves that GreenLake while it has potentially a longer elongated cycle because of the way the revenue gets recognized, let's remind yourself, it has 100% attach rate of operational services. Every time you sell a GreenLake it comes with hardware and 100% attach of operational services. So, as GreenLake grows, so grows our attach rate and attach rate gets recognized in the traditional way we recognize our deferred revenue for operational services. So that's why I'm very encouraged and very pleased with the performance of operational services where the book-to-bill ratio and the GreenLake because that drives 100% attach rate.
Antonio Neri: Thanks for the question. So the overall commodity environment continue to be favorable and there is an oversupply now compared to last year's as you recall there was shortages and costs going up. The DRAM prices are down, but let's remind our self that that does not translate in a lower AUP because at the same time we said our AUPs are two third structural because more and more options in the form of memory and flash get attached to these units. And so we have talked about this before, the fact that units get sold with more and more options even though the AUP of the components go down it does not translate in a lower AUP at the system level and that’s why this quarter we again grew our compute revenue by 4% excluding Tier 1 obviously which we're intentionally declining. And despite the decline on commodity cost and that commodity cost takes time to find its way in the in the system and I always make this analogy, is when the cost goes up is like when you take off with the plane it goes up fast, when you land the plane it takes longer and this is exactly the same way. And because our unique portfolio in the compute because we have probably one of the richest portfolio in term of what I call volume and value and in value we have probably the most complete in term of mission critical, in term of in memory solutions HPC, obviously, and things like blade and compostable. We have a unique mix that bright higher value AUPs and higher attach. So it will take long time to get these numbers the lower costs in the system AUP, but at the same time, more and more options will get attached. The second part of the question was about the units. And now we are in a very low single-digit declines. And as we said before, by the end of the year, we believe this is going to be a non-event and from there on obviously, as we continue to drive this pivot to the higher value products and services, particularly in the product side we're going to see growth in that and we start to see the momentum in some of these areas like I quoted right so compostable cloud 78%, high performance compute continue to be very strong, another 25% growth. And obviously, as we close the Cray transaction that will add more to it at the larger, larger amount of scale of units, because these are big amount of systems. And then obviously, the hyper converged infrastructure as well, which are the core is a compute platform with a bunch of storage attached to it.
Antonio Neri: Yes, look, it's important to realize that China is a very critical market for us. It's the largest and fastest growing IT market in the world. And we have a unique structure there with a fully operational business that makes money. And it's a structure that not many Western companies can actually claim they have. Starting May 2019, we can exercise that put option to sell part or all of our 49% stake. And if you take the minimum of the put value at 15 times trailing 12 months and earnings you get to the figures that you have in mind. But it's important to understand the contribution of H3C to the overall profit pools at UNIS, which is a listed company in China is actually generating and what is that contribution of UNIS underneath H3C on a niche unit, alongside the other entities that UNIS has. And I invite you to just take a look at this and you will form your own view as to the value of our put and what it represents for us. So, let me add a commentary on this. I mean, obviously there is a financial aspects of this and then there is the strategic aspect of this. We are incredibly pleased with this relationship and the setup in China. And it has proven to be very important and critical in the times we are living today. Because we can participate in the second largest market growing faster than any other market. And so, we are actually collecting the benefits of that growth in a unique setup that shows up in our EPS growth as we talked earlier. And obviously we have to assess a couple of things right, how that market evolves and how we participate in the market. Ultimately, what is the source of a potential use of that cash to continue to drive the growth in the company. Right now, as we said, in the opening remarks, we have no intent to sell the put option. But as always, we will continue to evaluate what is the best for the company, for our shareholders, understanding what's going on in that market and understanding how we continue to participate.
Antonio Neri: Thanks for the question. I think, we felt that it was a need to provide more clarity and education on our setup. Honestly, as I go back, and listen to the type of questions and so forth, we felt we probably haven't done a good job explaining this setup and the value of this unique relationship. That's why we decided to show it to you. It has nothing to do with the U.S. China relationship. It had to do to how we drive value for shareholders. And we believe this is driving significant value for shareholders. But we didn't explain it to the extent that Tarek did today, because we felt, we didn't do a good job before. So that's why we're bringing it up. And it just happened at the same time, with everything going on in China. Now, probably people will think, well, maybe the setup is unique and it's more valuable in the context of what we see. But really, it was all about educating you in understanding this setup in the context of the valuation and the value we drive for our shareholders. And I thought Tarek did a very good job explaining that. Because it's very unique, we don't see anything out there like this. Tarek, I don't know if you want to add anything else.
