Tarek Robbiati: Okay. Good afternoon Katy. Thank you for the question. With respect to how much those short term disruptions have accounted for our revenue performance, I would say quite a lot. There are three things that affected our revenue performance. These are the macro environment softness. The second thing is supply chain constraints. And the third one is also the manufacturing north consolidation in North America. We've taken steps to address what's under our control. Nonetheless, coronavirus has effected the tail end of the quarter and injected a new degree of uncertainty. And when you look at the revenue performance of the company, most of the decline came in the Compute category that we referred to in our new segmentation and that decline has a lot to do with what you referred to from a supply chain standpoint.
Tarek Robbiati: Okay. So let me start by the second part of your question, which is how much of an impact will the coronavirus have on our business? Well, first as we already flagged the health and safety of our employees, customers and partners is our priority and out of abundance of caution for them, we've made the decision to cancel or postpone most of the HPE sponsors events through April. And unfortunately, this is also closing supply and demand disruptions and effecting our revenue profile. The outbreak at the end of January, started to impact the component manufacturing and resulted in constrained supply and higher quarter-end backlog worldwide. And we have been in constant contact with our suppliers and are establishing specific mitigation and recovery plans. So, this is affecting our revenue profile for the full year. And this is why we're not guiding in the short term and relative to what we said at SAM where we were experiencing – we were thinking we would be returning to growth in fiscal year 2020. I don't think that it is likely at this stage that we were going fiscal year 2020 as a whole for the fiscal year, but we do anticipate recovery of those supply chain constraints over time and face easier comps during the course of the year.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure Toni. Good afternoon and thanks for the question. I don't have the book-to-bill but I can tell you we entered Q2 which is the quarter we're in with higher backlog than we anticipated and definitely it is more on the elevated side. And so that's true for Compute and as well a carryover for high performance compute, which are the core of that product. Toni is the legacy HPE Apollo. So we enter Q2 with a higher elevated backlog than we have seen. I don't see yet let me qualify this outside China. I haven't seen yet a significant impact on demand so far. Definitely in China, as you know we have a different setup with our H3C partnership there. And you should expect a short term impact in China. But right now they are working it through it. But I will say right now we haven't seen a significant impact. If anything actually creates short term opportunities. I can tell you because of the coronavirus we see customers coming to us and say, can you ship this product to take care of the fact that my employees are not going to be at work. We see some demand in specific areas of our workload optimized solutions. And as I said in my opening remarks, we do have as an awarded business, which obviously we have to build and ship more than $2 billion in HPC business that we have to ship over the next several quarters in the next two years. And that business is doing very well from my vantage point, but it is obviously segregate in two different segments, compute and on the other hand, HPC and Mission Critical.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes. So, Toni, I would say, Antonio answered the question on the stock. I would simply point to you at the performance of the values part of our business, the Intelligent Edge, which has outperformed the sector quite substantially this quarter. What's the value of that? If you look at our storage business, which has done better than most of the players in the market and is of the same size as a very large pure-play listed company, what's the value of that? And if you look at our HPC and MCS business and the $2 billion of backlog contracted revenues that would come in, what's the value of that? And then you have to look at other players in the sector and compare our compute business to them and see that also for those players that compute business is valued negatively from an equity standpoint, but it does generate cash and we have to figure that out. Finally, let me finish by saying HPC, the production was the value of that. It's a listed company and it's pretty substantial. So I'll let you conclude whether the stock is beaten down or not and how much is beaten down and probably in your own question you have the answer. Well, expected acquisitions – sorry, go ahead.
Tarek Robbiati: So the thing that we – let me just finish up answering the other part and I'll come back to your question on buying share. With respect to acquisitions, Antonio answered very, very clearly. We remain disciplined in that field when we're not going to look at acquisitions that don't fit our investment criteria from an accretion dilutions standpoint. It's very, very important. We do that. A&PS, specifically for A&PS, it's a very strategic business that pulls a lot of revenue and profits in other parts of the organization and it's essential for enabling the as-a-service pivot. Now coming back on to your question with respect to aggressive buybacks, we did in the past two years execute a $7 billion capital return program to shareholders. We returned 2.9 billion by way of dividends and 4.1 by way of buybacks. And what we did flag at SAM is the fact that we are going to continue to return capital to shareholders in line with our free cash flow generation capacity. We're not going to deviate from this because it's important that we continue to think about the long-term value of those businesses and each one of those businesses has its own investment profile and needs to be therefore catered for.
Tarek Robbiati: Sure. So thank you Shannon for this question. When first and foremost you may recall when I joined HPE 14 months ago, I use the expression that SAM in 2018 that looking at our cost structure was akin to a fitness exercise. And it's always important that we look at our cost structure based on the revenue profile that we have and it's no different right now. Specifically to HPE Next, we are continuing the implementation of the program in that context where we have to align our cost structure to the new business climate that exists. We're not announcing a new restructuring plan. And what is happening is that through the implementation of the new segmentation, we have identified new savings opportunities in each of the businesses and we'll continue to streamline our operations in that context.
Tarek Robbiati: Yes, thank you, Wamsi. So you remember last year, this time of the year, we did say that from a free cash flow standpoint, working capital would be a contributor to cash. And that is what happened last year. This year, we have attained the point where our cash conversion cycle is negative. And whilst we do deliver the EPS guide and we confirmed it per Antonio, the drop in revenue will inevitably have a drag on the free cash flow generation. That is because we have a negative free cash flow cycle. So the way cash tracks earnings is a combination of what happens in the P&L at EPS level, but also the working capital components that comes with a P&L and the revenue from the accounts receivable side and also the fact that we need to build inventory to be able to cater for the supply chain shortages that we explained. That is what is behind the difference between the P&L EPS performance and the free cash flow guide that we put forward.
Tarek Robbiati: Look, net CapEx for this year is not a particularly large number. In this first half of the year, we have benefited from in plan sales that have reduced our overall CapEx consumption. And we think that from a CapEx standpoint we’re in line with prior years. I don't see beyond the first quarter performance, a significant uptick in CapEx this year.
Tarek Robbiati: Well, it really depends on what you borrow the money for to some extent, right. And that's a question. But if you really want to look at how do we maintain our investment grade rating and what would be our borrowing capacity maintaining than the investment grade rating, it's probably around the $5 billion mark.
Antonio Neri: Yes. Good afternoon Katy. And thanks for the question and just will add to Tarek that we felt pretty good about the recovery in the north consolidation that's under our control. All the other factors Tarek explained very well. In term of, when think about investment long term, we have been very clear where we want to invest. Investment obviously is in Intelligent Edge. We see that as a next frontier, big opportunity for us. We continue to do so. And I have to say I'm incredibly pleased with the Q1 performance because we said that business would return to growth and we show, we demonstrated that’s the case.  We outperformed the market and every single competitor there and we are very, very pleased with the differentiation we have with our portfolio with higher margin. So for us, that's one area of investment, much of that growth has happened organically. But we always look for what it makes sense for us in term of accretive addition in term of intellectual property and talent, right, that we want to continue to expand that set of experience we deliver at the edge. And as I said in my opening remarks, we are on a journey to integrate 5G and mobile edge computing on a very robust cloud based solution called HPE Aruba Central, which is all subscription base and obviously we can deliver that through GreenLake. Obviously the other piece of this is what I call intellectual property to make our core business stronger. And that's all softer decline on the core with some additional call it intellectual property in the Silicon space. That's what the core of the Cray acquisition was all about. The Cray acquisition is all about software in a cloud native environment to run these big data intensive workloads. And silicone was all about that. And as I think about the pivot as-a-service also we looking for software that will make our as-a-service experience unique and differentiated in a true age to cloud platform. And as I announced in my remarks, we introduced two key platforms. One is HPE GreenLake Central, which is the console, the control point for managing and deploying workloads at the edge in the core on off premises. So we add that managed services layer on top of that and then the container platform, which is a true cloud native environment, where you can run both legacy and cloud based workloads. So those are the things we are doing, but I just want to emphasize, we have a very stringent and rigorous process here on return on invested capital. And I see as in M&A as one of the three levels to drive innovation. Organic is one aspect, partnership is the other one and inorganic. And I say that the last 15 acquisition I had been part of it has been always in that vein and that's our goal.
Antonio Neri: I would like to add a couple of comments. One is on the coronavirus. Obviously, this is very fluid at this point in time there is uncertainty. We have a daily process with each of our suppliers that we manage very, very tightly and some of those, the suppliers are dependant on other suppliers. Because as you can imagine that supply chain is a little bit longer with the tier two, tier three suppliers that provide what I call low-level components to build what I call the printed circuit board. So the PCIs or the PCBIs and that's a challenge we see today. And we see recovery, but obviously it's going to take time and that's why Tarek said, we cannot provide right now a definite guidance. I think would be not appropriate and that's why we prefer not to provide Q2, but because of the recovery is going to happen through the year, that we felt comfortable reaffirming the 2020 guidance. If you remember when we went to the Security Analyst Meeting in October, we said that we expect to grow the company on a three years basis, long term plan or 1% to 3%. I think that this is still complete and intact because as you can see, as we pivot the portfolio to higher value and higher margins at the same time, the pivot as-a-service, which is going extremely well, and then obviously Intelligent Edge business growing. That's how we think about the long term growth in the right margin profile. Obviously the Compute at this point in time was the challenge short term. I don't think it was off compared to some of our peers. In fact, in some cases we did better than our peers, but that was a disappointment and obviously we need to stabilize it and manage it through the supply chain recovery.
Antonio Neri: And I'm going to start then I'm going to give it to Tarek. Let me talk about the stock. Listen, I think it is a point in, kind of situation in my view, we are heavily discounted. There's no question about it. But think about the last nine quarters, Toni, and think about the gross margin expansion and the EPS expansion we have had. It is pretty remarkable. I mean, the last two years we expanded the margins every single quarter and we have expanded EPS every single quarter. So my vantage point, we have done the right things. We have made the company leaner, meaner, and at the same time we have taken big, big, big challenges. And we have managed it through. So, I think for us is to continue to focus on the areas where we see the opportunity to compete and win in higher margins. But obviously the stock also thinking about long term growth and I understand that and obviously a big component of that is our Compute business, but in the end, I think the stock is heavily discounted. I'm disappointed with that. On the M&A, we have been very clear since day one that we look at assets that they are accessible that generally they are accretive or we can manage the dilution very quickly, but ultimately is, has to have strategic fit. In the context of our strategy, obviously, whether it is the edge-to-cloud architecture and pivot to know as-a-service I think the assets we have acquired makes complete sense from that vantage point and we have delivered strong results. Size is important, but I will say it's more strategic effect and obviously the return on that investment capital, which we have incredible strong discipline and where we have demonstrated at over the last two years. And so, maybe I will pass it now to Tarek because you asked the question about taking debt and buying stock and so forth.
Antonio Neri: I would say Shannon a couple of things. So I think that what we have done in the last two years give us insights on how we can streamline our operations and be even more agile in focus on everything we do. And as you recall, the HPE Next was really transformative from the process standpoint as well as from the IT perspective. And I will say for the vast majority of everything was executed flawlessly and we have delivered the results with a gross margin expansion you see. As we implemented this new segmentation, now we can see through even better visibility on what else we can go and do. And as Tarek just said it right, the reality is you never stop focusing on improving your operations and because the HPE Next actually at the quarter was a cultural transformation, it give us the ability now to take further actions, which are actually I will argue timely considering the uncertainty we live in, but it's to do the hard things now as these things recovered to come on the other end even stronger than before. On the short-term actions, I think first we have to protect our employees. First and foremost, I think, it’s important. And that was the first step. And then obviously that comes with the benefits and the savings, but I want to be clear, this is all about protecting our employees to make sure they don't get exposed for things they don't need to.
Antonio Neri: Yes, no, that's correct. We see kind of the same thing. Obviously, some company has been aligned for some time and they have been recovering on a daily basis, the output of their facilities or their capacity. Obviously, the biggest constraint they had at the time was labor because obviously depending on the region within China, but eventually it became the entire China for the most part is the health measures and certifications that they have to go through. But in general, I will say, it progressed every single day and whether it is people coming online or people improving the output or what we’re already doing. And so that's progressing. And so you have to take it day by day. And obviously, what we're doing is, because we have a global supply chain here is – China is one aspect, but also how we manage inventory and how we manage the distribution of those orders in a way we can maximize the return while these things gets back to normal. That's how we are managing it. And to be honest, we have a very stringent process with war rooms and talking to suppliers every single day. I personally have talked to at least 50 of them, myself and I have direct contact with each of them.
Antonio Neri: And I will say in 2020 obviously it's a timing issue as we recover the supply chain and that is a timing from the – when we can build and ship these products obviously and also the fact that we have to rebuild some of the inventory because as the operations in China and other parts of the world maybe were impacted. We had to manage that inventory and now we have to build it back over time.
Antonio Neri: Yes, I mean, first, let's start with some of the businesses I have reported earlier and Tarek provided detail. Obviously, the Intelligent Edge, we see continued momentum. That is continuing right now as we speak. We feel pretty good about that. Much of the supply chain is not gated in China for the Intelligent Edge, so that's a positive news. Then obviously on high performance computing, the demand continues to be solid. And we have a very interesting pipeline ahead of us with a unique differentiated portfolio. So the need for processing data through AI, machine learning, big data intensive loads continue to be very high. That's not stopping. As we think about these new storage platforms, particularly what I call intelligent data platform, the data growth requires that that data gets stored and gets managed and ultimately insights are extracted from it, so that's positive as well. Right now, as I said earlier, as we went through Q2, we enter with a sizable backlog because we couldn't ship it, in Q1 everything we wanted. And at the same time, we haven't seen yet outside China a significant impact, but obviously as we think about the second back of the year here, obviously we expect to things to return to a level of normalcy that eventually will allows us to continue to progress against that. That's how I see it right now. And because of everything we do both from a mix perspective with the pivot obviously as-a-service, which is a long-term opportunity and growing and the fact we're taking our own actions here with HPE Next and other ones. And that's why at this point in time, we felt comfortable in affirming the original guidance that we provided here on EPS. So we felt prudent to adjust the cash flow for the dynamics Tarek explained earlier.
Antonio Neri: We don't have any specific CapEx expenditures that they are extraordinary from what we had seen before.
Antonio Neri: But I want to make sure that one thing is clear, right. We are committed to maintain our credit rating.
