Robert Sulentic: Thanks Kristyn, and good morning everyone. The results we reported this morning highlight the progress CBRE has made in building a more resilient business since the last downturn occurs more than a decade ago. We were markedly different company from the one that endured the global financial crisis. I'll briefly side some specific ways the company has evolved and improved. Facilities management, which provide steady recurring revenue has grown exponentially with the portfolio up by 3.7 billion square feet in 10 years, and now totaling 4.2 billion square feet. And we have added a data center management capability that is growing robustly. Our industrial and multifamily offerings have also grown dramatically and are proving to be very resilient in the current environment. These offerings together cut across leasing, sales and mortgage origination and servicing. They also comprise the majority of our real estate development portfolio. U.S. project management has grown five-fold in 10 years, and COVID is further capitalizing demand for this group's specialized services. Finally, our investment management businesses core asset portfolio, which has grown more than 300% over 10 years and now comprises nearly 85% of total AUM has held up quite well this year. The resilient aspects of our business are helping us whether the sharp COVID driven fall in property leasing and sales. Another key contributor was quickly aligning our expenses with reduced market demand. A significant portion of our compensation structure falls automatically in the current environment, and our global leadership team has rapidly implemented other cost management actions. Many of these actions were contemplated before COVID following a strategic review designed to enhance scalability and efficiency. This work has been quite effective cutting where appropriate without compromising our future. I want to briefly comment on the macro environment before handing the call to Leah. At the present time, COVID is putting downward pressure on parts of our business and creating larger opportunities in other parts, several of which I highlighted earlier. Inevitably, the magnitude of COVID's impact will diminish considerably once the public health crisis passes. We can expect our sales and leasing businesses for decision making is now largely frozen to be prime beneficiaries. However, a significant amount of the COVID driven change will be permanent. For instance, our work with occupier clients confirms that companies will continue moving towards a hybrid model that combines working from the office and from home. Occupiers will take space for fewer employees but that space will be less densely populated, more intensely managed, and more flexible. There will be a premium on high quality well managed buildings with great infrastructure. We are continuing to take advantage of the strong secular growth trends that were driven by the last cycle, including occupier outsourcing, industrial and logistics space, institutional quality multifamily assets, and workplace experience services. We expect new secular opportunities to be created in the wake of COVID in our positioning our strategy and leadership focus and allocating our capital to make the most of them as the new cycle unfolds. With that, I'll turn the call over to Leah, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Leah. Before we take your questions, I want to briefly acknowledge our CBRE employees. Their hard work and strong focus on our clients are truly distinguishing our company at a time of significant challenges stemming from the public health crisis. These challenges have also brought us closer together as a company. The $6.1 million we raised from our people and the company for the CBRE Employee Resilience Fund has enabled us to provide more than 9,000 grants to our colleagues, who are facing financial hardship. We are pleased to help make their lives a little easier during this stressful time. Now, operator we'll take questions.
Robert Sulentic: Yes Steve, this is Bob. We've gone through our business pretty carefully in the past year, it subject to a very thorough strategy update that we did. And we've identified areas of our business that we think either we're well positioned to grow disproportionately in or there will be secular tailwinds. And we're targeting those areas of our business for M&A activity. Now we'll do M&A activity in other areas if we think we can get particularly good deal or if we think we have holes in our geographic coverage, things of that nature. And ability to add to our capability for our clients, but we're really focused on some areas of the business that we think is going to have nice secular tailwinds and they're very much in line with what we do as part of our core offering. And we're pretty excited about what's out there for us right now, but I will say we're going to be patient. We're not going to run out just because we have the dry powder we have, because we're in a low point in the market cycle and buy up a bunch of stuff unless we think we can integrate it well. It's got a good cultural fit and we can make a reasonable deal.
Robert Sulentic: Yes Tony, we will look for things that are closely adjacent to what we do. And what we've been consistent with our skill set and relevant to our client base. We would not like go too far afield from that, because we think there is enough opportunities that would meet that requirement or be more quarter what we do, and that's basically how we think about that.
Robert Sulentic: Yes Jade we’ll - the overwhelming thing that’s impacting average lease maturity is that a lot of the big long-term leases just have been put on hold, decisions aren't being made. We have that circumstance with our own portfolio of office space for our CBRE people. As everybody tries to figure out what space use is going to look like post-COVID those big decisions aren't being made. By the way, that's something that will definitively come back. We'll it all come back probably not, but much of it will come back and that's on hold. So the average lease is shorter as a result of that, what you're seeing now is renewals, extensions small deals getting done. But all of that impacts the averages and we expect that to continue as long is COVID is having the impact it’s having now.
Robert Sulentic: This summer we saw in the level of activity in discussions start to pick up some Stephen, but the fact of the matter is we are deeply engaged with most of the big occupiers around the U.S. and around the world and how they're thinking about this. And they really are looking for clarity - related to COVID before they make their big decisions. And this is really an important point there is two separate things going on here. One, we do think there will be some real change in the way office space is used. Going forward, we think there will be less people in the office. We think the offices that will be used less densely. We think there will be more intensively managed. We think buildings with great infrastructure will be favored. There is a whole separate issue from that though and the separate issue is the leasing it’s going to get done. Isn’t going to get decided on in this environment and that is going to come back. It's not all one thing it’s a two separate things.
Robert Sulentic: We had very big backlogs of opportunities not only relative earlier this year, but relative to prior years, but the simple thing is there is so much physical presence that's needed to get these things done. People need to examine space. People need to think about moving people from one place to another people need to think about bringing project managers on site and getting work done. All of that is hard to be in this environment, decision makers traveling the C-space and uses inevitably slow things down. And clients very directly tell us that, they tell us that they're not in a decision making mode or their decision making has been delayed for those reasons. Not knowing how the space is going to get laid out when they move into it or when they move out of it. And so again, there is - it’s so important as all of us think about what this means for our business, the use of office space and the impact of COVID on leasing or office occupancy. There is the absence of decision making that's taking place that will come back and happen when we go to the other side of COVID. And then there is the different way space will be used on the other side of COVID. It's really important to separate those two things.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, so we believe that given what we've learned about the way space is likely to be used going forward. Several things greater flexibility more satellite type users because of people working from home. Company is hesitant to put capital in, because they're not sure how they're going to think about their space, long-term versus short-term. We believe that there is evidence that flex space like Hana will become more necessary than it is today. But like every other kind of office space out there. Most markets around the world people aren't going into the office space in short-term. They're working from home because of COVID. So in the short-term Hana has been impacted materially. It performed like we thought it was going to perform this quarter. But in the short-term it's been impacted materially like every other kind of office space has been in the long-term we believe that it could be a more prominent strategy than it has been historically, and we're pretty encouraged about the prospects for flex space in Hana.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us today and during this move from morning to afternoon, and we look forward to talking with you next time when we report our year-end results.
Leah Stearns: Sure, Steve. The $55 million was one-time costs that we recognized in the quarter attributable to the separation and other expenses related to the transformation. Those will - in combination with workforce actions that we took in the second quarter will amount to about $200 million of run rate savings, a little more than half of that will benefit from this year, and the rest will commence in 2021.
Leah Stearns: So Anthony it’s Leah. Our current pipeline is actually larger than we could reasonably entertain in any one quarter. So we are being very cognizant of the opportunity set that we have. We want to make sure that we have sufficient dry powder to act quickly, if we find the right opportunity. And so from our perspective, we think it's the prudent measure given one, we have a very active M&A pipeline. And two, we are taking actions that directly impact our people for us to balance our approach on the buyback and put that off per quarter.
Leah Stearns: Correct. There have been [ph] other actions that we've taken. For example, furloughs we’re deferring, our compensation structure naturally reduces because of commissions and bonuses based on certain targets that were set at the outset of the year that won't be achieved. So those were not included in the $200 million. The $200 million is actual structural cost reductions, either through reducing - really through reducing overhead, and headcount basically headcount.
Leah Stearns: So, we now expect the GWS revenue to be in the single-digit. However, we do expect profitability or EBITDA growth to be double-digit. So we have updated that.
Leah Stearns: So Jade it’s Leah, the distribution about 60% of it was in our advisory segment, about 30% was in GWS and about 10% was an REI that's a combination of the workforce actions we took in the second quarter as well as the transformation initiative that we launched in the third quarter. The third quarter, our actions were principally around the standalone exercise that we did. Just looking at the overall shape and structure of our organization and making sure that we were appropriately structured to be as efficient as possible coming out of this. So most of it is related to severance and other separation costs related to that action. We do have some lease terminations other things that have come through as we've thought to consolidate our workforce. But the vast majority of that is represented in terms of severance costs.
Leah Stearns: Well, we certainly are very cognizant - and when we said that. I said that earlier that we do expect it to be a more moderate recovery. Therefore we are being very cautious around the expense structure for our advisory business. And so you should expect we'll continue to look at ways to make sure we're right-sized to ensure that our business and our workforce reflects the level of demand that's coming from our clients.
Leah Stearns: Yes, we actually had some really strong performance across EMEA particularly in Continental Europe. So, certainly we'll watch each one of those markets Europe certainly came out of the COVID lockdown before the Americas that we're seeing some of that come back - overly cautious right now in terms of level of activity that we're expecting in the fourth quarter headed into 2021.
Leah Stearns: I think it's going to be really important for us to see larger transactions on the leasing side occur before there significant transactions that come back from an overall capital markets activity perspective. So I think we are still a better ways away from seeing significant capital markets activity resume. One of the benefits though is that we are seeing more liquidity in the market and that will certainly help bringing our investment property sales business come back more - with more strength than we've seen in prior cycles where there has been more of a credit constraints in the market.
Leah Stearns: So as we look at the level of activity that we see today, there has been a smaller impact or lesser impact on the secondary and tertiary markets relative to the large top 25 cities in the world. So if we look at the space needs, I think, near-term, there will be less impact on rents in some of those smaller markets, and particularly on smaller size leases. In those cases and in certain asset classes the property types like industrial, as well as multifamily on the capital market side, I think you will also see more price discovery happen sooner. But certainly from an office perspective, we're watching those smaller markets and those smaller space transactions really lead to the path for that price discovery, and we would expect that as COVID began to attenuate and we have a vaccine and better therapeutics we will be able to see more occupancy levels - occupancy level increase in office space and that should lead to more leasing decisions as Bob alluded to and help to drive more capital market transactions in office. So we certainly would expect there to be in terms of capital market activity, transactions happen where you have strong credit rent rolls, long-term tenant leases in place, those transactions are happening where we're seeing pause is really in the larger cities and in value add asset class space that where there's just too much risk for underwriting today.
Leah Stearns: I would say it's really ultimately going to depend how leasing decisions are made post-COVID. I think it's too early to say specifically where rents are going to go relative to where they are today. There may be some distressed assets where you do see some concessions, but it's not as though there is massive amount of vacancy or new assets coming online. You really have to see a radical shift in terms of occupancy need all at once, and you have to remember, most of these leases are over or coming up on renewal type over a long period of time, you don't see massive changes in terms of occupancy being able to execute it - being able to be executed in a very short period of time.
Leah Stearns: Multifamily has really been driven by an underlying affordability issue for around housing, and so we don't see that abating and in fact is getting more challenging for us - for individual from a single-family perspective. So we certainly think there continue to be secular tailwinds for multifamily.
Leah Stearns: So Michael, I think it's a bit too early to speculate on market share for the fourth quarter. Certainly something that we were pleased to see, and we will continue to monitor it, but I think it's just too early to make a call on that.
Leah Stearns: It's way too soon Michael to make a call in terms of how that's going to impact the market in Europe.
Leah Stearns: Yes, so once again I think we will see happen in the fourth quarter is the 731 exchange activity on transactions from a capital markets perspective that tends to be when we see quite a bit of multifamily transactions come to market in that smaller to mid-tier range. So that is something that we would expect to help build in the market particularly in the U.S. But we do have transactions happening within the sales part of our business. There are well diversified strong credit tenant, long duration rentals, underlying certain assets as well as certain asset classes, certain office assets, as well as certain asset classes like industrial multifamily that are commanding a tighter bigger spread. And that's resulting in transactions happening in the market. So we certainly think there are transactions out there to be done. And that was evidenced in the third quarter around our leasing and sales results. But it's certainly a more muted market just because there is such a significant pause going on around decisions that are being made particularly.
