Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. CBRE had an excellent start to 2018 with double-digit growth in revenue and a 20% increase in adjusted earnings per share. The strong sustained growth you’ve seen from CBRE, results from the execution of our strategy which is centered on delivering differentiated client outcomes around the world as well as the attractiveness of our sector. I will briefly hit a few highlights from the first quarter. First, occupier outsourcing was once again a standout performer with fee revenue up by double digits in all three global regions. The secular trend to outsource real estate services remains a powerful long-term catalyst for growth and CBRE is the clear market leader in commercial real estate outsourcing. Second, capital markets revenue also grew by double digits as we benefited from ongoing share gains in key markets globally and continued strong investor interest in commercial real estate. Finally, our Asia-Pacific business had a particularly strong quarter on both the top and bottom lines led by leasing and occupier outsourcing. We’ve seen outstanding performance over the past few years in several countries, notably Greater China, India, and Japan. While we caution against extrapolating first quarter results, we're tracking slightly ahead of our full-year 2018 guidance. First quarter results were ahead of our expectations across revenue, margins, and earnings and we continue to see solid momentum in our business. As most of you know, the first quarter is seasonally our slowest of the year and we will provide further commentary next quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. As we look ahead, the macro environment continues to provide a supportive backdrop for our business. Global economic growth and job creation, the two most important macro drivers of demand in our sector remained healthy. While we are mindful of heightened trade and geopolitical tensions, they have not appreciably impacted our business and sentiment around the world remains upbeat. Higher interest rates have not resulted in any meaningful cap rate expansion as the spreads over treasuries remain relatively attractive. As I said at the outset, the investment market is also being supported by significant institutional capital interest in commercial real estate. This is an ongoing trend that our professionals are observing in markets around the world. CBRE continues to benefit from the strong secular trends to support our industry. These trends include growing occupier appetite for outsourced real estate services, increasing institutional capital allocation to the commercial real estate asset class, and the continued consolidation in our sector around the leading global service providers. We have a strategy which we described in detail at our Investor Day aimed squarely at making the most of these macro trends. We are sustaining progress on many fronts from commercially focused digital technology investments to client care initiatives to enhancing our talent base and better connecting our people around the world. The successful execution of our strategy will ensure that we continue to produce outcomes for our clients that others find difficult to replicate. I'll close by thanking our people for getting CBRE off to an excellent start in 2018 and for their tireless dedication to our clients. With that, operator, we will now take your questions.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, well, clearly what you saw in capital markets from us in the first quarter is running ahead of what we talked about at year-end. And we did take market share, we did have a really good quarter, but that’s a lumpy business and it was only the first quarter, so we don't want to get out to ahead of ourselves and extrapolate across the year. We are enthused about what happened. Our team did a good job and the market is solid. Our outsourcing business grew kind of like we said it would. That business has gotten much better over the last couple of years. We're delivering measurably better outcomes to our clients, we are better connected around the world. We have more capability than we've had historically in a number of verticals. We've embedded some technology in that business that works very well for our clients and we had high expectations and we probably saw something that was a little better than we expected in the quarter. If you look at leasing, we expected mid single-digit leasing growth for the year and that's what we got in the first quarter. Property management grew nicely. So, on balance, little better than we thought things would go, but it was only the first quarter.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, we stay really close to the big corporates around the world and across the U.S. So we have a good sense of what's going on. Corporations are in good shape. If you look at what they're saying, they expect to spend more money this year, put out more capital this year, they’re adding jobs, revenues are expected to grow, balance sheets are in great shape. So corporations are positive. But corporations are also very focused on costs as we are. And as a result, their appetite for leasing is not frothy, but its solid. So we saw 5% growth around the world, 1% growth here in the U.S. Keep in mind, we saw well into the double-digit growth just 90 days ago in our biggest quarter, in the fourth quarter. And our expectations for leasing here in the U.S and around the world are very much as they were when we announced our year-end results.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think it was real market share gain. Again, Jason, it's important to keep in mind, it's only one quarter. We do a bunch of work in the capital markets area that’s not captured in the RCA data and that’s gone quite well for us and we’re confident we took market share in those areas too. But the best public information available that’s independent of any of the providers is RCA, and RCA showed us taking a nice chunk of market share. And I will go back to the comments I made in response to Tony's questions, we believe those market share gains were real but we don't want to overstate anything based just on first quarter results because first quarter is a relatively small quarter and capital markets is a bit of a lumpy business.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Stephen, we don’t separate that thinking out region to region, because those clients are often global. And in fact, that's what we're looking for is global clients. But if you look at that business over time it is relatively equally driven by expanding what we do with our big existing base of clients and bringing on new clients. It's not precise and it changes from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. What we do know is that the quality of the outcomes we deliver for our clients, the measurable outcomes, there's a sense as to how much we've helped them with their business has a huge impact on renewals and expansions. There's very few of these clients that we do all or most of their real estate work for. There's a large opportunity to expand with them. We have obsessed over knowing those outcomes in improving those outcomes and I can assure you we measurably improved those outcomes as measured by third parties over the last couple of years and that is coming to in our growth rates. Really important to the expansion of that business and of course you’ve got the secular dynamic that we talk about and others talk about all the time with corporations, hospital systems, government entities, schools, deciding to bring on third-party providers to do work that they used to do themselves. And the more we do, the more opportunity for that there's because there's more evidence out in the marketplace as to how well it works for these occupiers.
Bob Sulentic: We had healthy recruiting around the world and good quarter here, particularly good quarter here in the U.S. We’ve had really strong recruiting in the last three years in Asia-Pacific. And that's one of the reasons why you’ve seen our competitive profile as evidenced by our financial results change so much in Asia-Pacific over the last two or three years. Really strong recruiting in China, particularly on the capital market side, really strong recruiting in India, excellent recruiting starting to surface on the occupier advisory side in Japan, which is something we’ve been working on for a few years, and then steady progress in Pacific, largely Australia.
Bob Sulentic: Well, the biggest thing we can do to not meet expectations is to not serve our clients well and not deliver good outcomes to our clients. We don't expect that to happen. And as I said earlier, Nick, that's being measured very closely by third parties and the results are very good. So we don't look for a circumstance in that business that would cause us not to perform as we told you. By the way we had a really good first quarter, but we told you at the end of the year, we expected to have a really good year in that business, and it's playing out that way and actually a little better, but early.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, I would just say the deal you’re referencing, so first off, the RCA data doesn't track by side representation. And we represented that Chelsea project, we're representing the buyer, so that data for us is actually not in the RCA numbers. So from that perspective you could say the RCA numbers might understate our market share gain. And similarly we are on some other large transactions were we represent the buy side as well that would not be in that data.
Bob Sulentic: The large transactions are choppy quarter-to-quarter. You’ve seen us comment on that from time-to-time and that on the margin that can swing a quarter-to-quarter compares. So I think the markets are very healthy and solid. And we had -- there were some large transactions in this quarter, but actually I wouldn’t comment as to that being a trend that we want to project for the year.
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, over time the tendency has been for those contracts to get bigger. They get more global, they include more services and as a result they get bigger. And one of the things that our outsourcing people would tell you, if you run around the world and talk to them today is that historically there was always this concern, can anybody really deliver all these different services for us in 60 markets around the world or whatever. And there was skepticism about that. And as time has rolled forward, and as we’ve built this business organically and built it through acquisitions, improved our technology, built our base of brokerage around the world that work with our outsourcing clients, the confidence that we can serve these clients around the world and across product lines has grown. That's just a very definitive trend if you talk to our people. And so you're seeing that now and as a result our contracts are getting bigger. I will give you one metric, it's not all outsourcing, but significant portion of it is outsourcing. And we talked about this on our Investor Day, if you look back five years, we had one client that was $100 million or more. We now have 17. Over that same period of time, we had, I believe, it was 18, that were $25 million or more. We now have 82, that are $25 million or more. So the clear empirical facts are that the clients are getting bigger and a bunch of those big clients are our outsourcing clients.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's a little more complex than that. The clients are consolidating the number of providers they use. But most of the really big corporations are using more than one provider for something, right. They may be using one provider for most of what they do in getting a little bit of it somewhere else. But consolidation is very real and we're very big beneficiary of that trend.
Bob Sulentic: U.S leasing was a little slower than we thought it would be. But, again, it was positive and we don't expect that that's a reflection on what's going to happen this year, our expectations for the year are unchanged. Capital markets in the U.K a little slower than we thought that would be. But then the flip side is it -- that was more than offset by the gains in continental Europe, particularly Germany. And so those were the two big things that spike out that were maybe a little less than we had expected they would be.
Bob Sulentic: Patrick, first of all, the co-working or flexible workspace dynamic is very real. We are very big believers in it. And there's two dimensions to it. One is the whole experienced management dimension, and the other is the co-working dimension, where the co-working providers essentially by space wholesale and sells at retail to individuals or smaller uses. On the experience side, which is where our outsourcing clients are. By the way, we manage office space with something like 8 million or 9 million people in it around the world, a couple billion square feet of office space. That experience dynamic has been alive and aggressively active for years. We started converting our spaces to this free office locations, multiple different uses within the space, paperless, wireless, tech enabled years ago and it had a huge impact on employee morale and recruiting and we’ve been doing it for years for our clients. We have a big workplace solutions group that works with our clients around the world. So that part is not new, but it's certainly accelerating and changing. As it relates to the co-working piece, what we know is about 40% of our client -- large clients have 50 people or more using co-working space on some basis. We are helping a lot of those clients, put people in co-working space a little bit of their population because that's good for their overall space use requirement. And we think that’s going to be real and permanent and its going to be a relatively small subset of all the space used, but real. Investors on the other hand are a little bit behind. There's about 25% of investors that think they ultimately need to have co-working space, about 10% of them have it today. There's some concern about the value it has on the buildings they own, but I think investors are getting there, and you’re going to see more and more of it. A lot of entrants into the market. Some of them trying to get into the serving big corporates space, which is what we and JLL and others do and have done forever. We are not seeing a lot in that regard yet, but we're seeing a little bit of it.
Bob Sulentic: Well, thank you everyone for being with us and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Jim Groch: Yes, Tony. This is Jim. I think we're seeing a pretty consistent balanced environment. We’ve got a solid pipeline and I think we’re continuing to see this year what we saw last year, we are generally doing an infill acquisition a month plus or minus and that remains to -- that remains as it was last year, pretty solid.
Jim Groch: Yes, obviously that’s an area we can never really comment on. And as you know, we're always quite attentive to the larger opportunities, but the right ones come long when they do and that tends to be quite intermittent over time.
Jim Groch: Jason, this is Jim. I would say two things. One, there's quite a bit of capital out there. And, two, from a relative value standpoint as you look at the universe of alternative investments and core investments, our real estate is still reasonably well priced. And if you look at cap rate spreads over time and whatever metric you want to compare to treasuries or the BBB bonds, obviously it varies depending on product type etcetera. But in general, spreads are plus or minus at the midpoint of where they've been over time and that's frankly quite a healthy place to be, and when you compare kind of relative valuations for other asset classes, real estate looks pretty good. And then, I think for that same reason if you look back over the last couple years when you’ve seen 10-year treasuries jump during those periods cap rates have been fairly stable as well.
Jim Groch: Yes, it's not precise obviously because the size of any particular contracts within that mix can affect how you divide up the overall impact on growth. But I think, Bob, highlighted that the opportunities within our existing base of clients is extremely strong and as a matter of fact we gave some fairly specific data on that at our Investor Day. So if you go back and look at the slides, you can get some pretty good data around that where we loved at kind share of wallet amongst some of our top customers. I would reiterate what Bob said, which is over time we’ve seen roughly split between new and existing clients. And I think that's a fair view of what to expect going forward.
Jim Groch: We haven't reported that specifically. Obviously, here the expansions are -- on a renewal, if you have -- sometimes you have renewal and expansion at the same time, that’s common. And we have noted that over time over margins in that business have remained relatively stable. So I think those data points can give you a pretty good feel.
Jim Groch: Yes, Ryan. I would say, first, that’s really hard to assess. So, a personal opinion is that there's some emotion around crossing the 3% threshold. I wouldn't be surprised if that takes hold and we cross that and stay there to see a little bit of choppiness, uncertainty in the market actually don't think that that will like -- once that settles out, I don't think it will likely have much of an impact.
Jim Groch: Yes, sure. The gains from mortgage servicing rights in the quarter increased by $4 million over the prior year. Amortization increased by $5 million, so net impact on profit of down $1 million. And the total gain for the quarter is $32 million, up $4 million from the prior-year.
Jim Groch: Yes. I don’t think we saw much slippage from Q4 into Q1. So I don't -- I really don't think there was a factor. We are seeing some movement with more focus on Tier 2 markets and sometimes even a little bit of tier share. We’ve been seeing that trend for a while, but I would say we are seeing a little bit more of it today. And then the other factor is -- in that shift is a lot of companies are really looking for the tech talent and we don't quite a bit work on that over time. We’ve got some research reports that you can access and that's part of what's driving some users and capital that’s following those users to some of the smaller, but still quite significant cities.
Jim Groch: So a couple of things. We actually -- we started that cost saving initiative in '15 and -- so that’s kind of from '15, '16, '17 efforts. And by the way those efforts continue, I mean, it's part of our culture in -- over part of that period we had so much of it going that we called out and some of those expenses is one-time. But we’ve enormous number of projects that are underway on a regular basis, and the expense associated with those projects what we consider to be kind of at this point be part of our normal business. And, yes, the investments are a good bit less than that number.
