Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. Bob or Emma, I was just hoping you could spend a little time on the capital allocation. I guess no share buybacks was a bit surprising. I know you talked last quarter about looking at a number of M&A opportunities and maybe that was just the focus. But just any more color you could share on kind of why no buybacks despite, I guess, modest investment in the quarter. And it sounds like you have stepped that up already per the slide deck in Q3, but just some more color would be great.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess just turning to the sales environment. It actually came in a little bit better than, I guess, what we had sort of feared or worried about. But I guess, Bob, I’m trying to figure out from your perspective, is it the actual level of rates that matters? Or is it just the fact that CMBS isn’t really open and functioning in a smooth way and the banks aren’t lending, I guess what do you ultimately need to see to really get the wheels grease to get the capital market business back? Is it the absolute level of rates? Or is it just people lending even at higher rates, but that there’s capital availability.
Steve Sakwa: And just one last follow-up. Just if you had to think about 2024, I guess, you would assume that it’s probably more back half weighted in terms of just the volume and kind of the business activity. So sort of think about more second half 2024 than first half 2024.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, Steve. So our focus for M&A and capital allocation over the next 12 months to 18 months is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. We continue to have a very strong pipeline across our M&A portfolio engagement has steadily increased across a number of deals as the year has progressed. And as we said before, we’re looking across our portfolio of businesses, we’re looking for opportunities to enhance our core offerings going forward. But the reality is that deals take time, and we’re working on a number of them, and it takes even more time to do a very well-executed deal where we can underwrite to the level that we think are required to deliver a really strong return. So we’re encouraged around where we are, and we continue to balance that with buybacks, and you can see us doing that through the rest of the year.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, Tony. So we’re constantly balancing our capital allocation between buybacks and M&A and looking at our pipeline and the time – weighting the timing of when we think something may get executed. And so that’s what you’re seeing. Through the remainder of this year, we expect to complete about $600 million of buybacks in the second half. We’ve done $100 million in July. And that’s what you’re seeing there is we put a 10b5-1 in place, and that’s really related to where our price goes. So as our price goes higher, we’re buying back fewer shares as you’d naturally expect.
Emma Giamartino: So those are primarily in my remarks, I commented on. They’re primarily related to our local business. We did a couple of acquisitions, smaller acquisitions, where we don’t normalize integration costs. And you’re seeing those integration costs in the quarter. You’re also seeing investments in our local business as we expand that business outside of their current geographies. So there are some upfront costs required to build out those platforms. You’re seeing that in this quarter, we expect that to steadily alleviate through the rest of the year and to end the year overall with the GWS margin in line with last year. And it’s too early to comment on 2024, but I would expect those absent incremental investment, which we’re always doing, our margins will improve going into 2024. I do want to comment a little bit on the local business because that is something that we haven’t talked about extensively and is a really strong contributor to our growth, especially GWS’s growth over time. That came out of the acquisition of Norland at the end of 2013, and it was primarily a UK-based company, and that’s really how we entered the local or regional facilities management market. And when we acquired them, they had about $40 million of EBITDA. And today, they have about – we expect for the year, $230 million of EBITDA. So that’s an exceptional growth story for us. And this year, we’re expecting it to grow another 20%. But as I said, it requires investments over time to launch into new territories, but that will – we’ll see operating leverage as those businesses grow.
Emma Giamartino: It’s a combination of both. We’re always looking for – we prefer a long-term capital source. So we’ve been looking for opportunities to raise that long-term capital. And what we did in the near term as we used those proceeds to pay down our revolver. We like having that flexibility and capacity on our revolver. The other positive from it is that our net interest rate once – after we raised the bond and expanded the term loan is actually lower than it was drawn on our revolver. So that’s a positive impact, which should endure for the next couple of years.
Emma Giamartino: So specifically – first of all, I think it’s important to look at our free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis, and that’s what I spoke to in my prepared remarks. And we’re really focused on what we expect for the year, which is in that $600 million to $800 million range. In the quarter, specifically, what’s been if you – what’s been impacting the decline is primarily the decline in core net income. All of the adjustments, the cash adjustments that get you to free cash flow are pretty much in line with what you saw last year for the second quarter.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So cost is something that we’re consistently focused on. Our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli, is consistently thinking about ways to drive cost management through our company. And we’re moving from – this isn’t an episodic event where we cut out a bunch of cross and then we move on. It’s something that our leaders are constantly thinking about going forward. And what you’re seeing right now is there is a balance of managing the business and the fixed cost for what’s required just for our base foundation and our base platform and then investments that should drive future growth. So you mentioned broker recruiting. Those are investments that will drive future growth. The integration costs that I talked about within local are expanding into new territories. Those are investments that will drive future growth. So it’s a constant balance. And we are through the second half of the year. Very focused on ensuring that, we are managing our cost base to an appropriate level for the growth that we’re expecting going forward.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. On the sales front, it hasn’t – I think overall, our expectations, as we said, have declined. A couple of things to note about the second half of the year. Overall, it we’re looking at a much easier compare. So the first half of 2022 has over 30% growth. The second half of 2022 was down over 30%. So we’re looking at a very different compare. The Americas is expected to decline the most as we saw in the first half of the year. EMEA to a lesser extent, and then APAC will perform the best, and we’re expecting that for the year to decline like mid-single digits.
Emma Giamartino: And Patrick, I’ll add just a reminder that when we invest in Industrious, we actually sold our operations, the core of our operations from Hana to Industrious. And so it Industrious operates all those properties today.
Bob Sulentic: It’s three things, Steve. It’s both of those things. It’s the level of rates. It’s the availability of debt, but it’s also the mindset of buyers and sellers as to whether things have settled out and there is clarity about where cost – values of assets are going, cost of financing is going. So I think we had all three of those things burdening the market in the last 90 days. You said you thought it was a little better than you expected. In our view, it was a little worse than we expected. But we also think things are starting to clarify a bit. We are seeing things signs as we said in our prepared remarks that people are getting ready to act, which is good news. And we think things will sort out more with the banks now, and there’ll be debt available from them, et cetera. So we’re feeling better about where things are going to be, but we’re probably going to see that happen next year.
Bob Sulentic: For sure. One thing that has become clear to us in the past quarter is that the – if we’re going to have a recession, it’s been delayed. Of course, the recovery related to that would then be delayed. And also, it’s just crystal clear that the settling out of interest rates and the availability of debt has been delayed, which, again, is clearly reflected in what happened in our quarter and clearly reflected in what we’ve said about the rest of the year.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, the – I think the thing that is really important to note, and Emma already alluded to it is – we are talking about big M&A deals now. We’re $1 billion deals, and we’re working on a number of them. We’ve had a steady stream of smaller infill deals. Big deals kind of take on a life of their own. You have to get through agreeing with the other party on a deal, working through an integration plan, working through an agreement that then becomes a definitive agreement and those things ebb and flow. And the notion that they would – you would talk about in one quarter and then with high confidence they would land in the next quarter. That’s just not how bigger deals play out. I will tell you 90 days after we last talked about it, are view of our M&A opportunity is as strong as it was then. We’ve got several things we’re working on. They’re not going to all make we’re confident though that some things will make and that it will be a very productive use of capital for us over the next few quarters and it will be a very good strategic use of capital for us, which aren’t exactly the same thing. We think we’re going to be able to move our business forward strategically very nicely with some of the things we’re working on.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, when we talk about recruiting and retention, it’s heavily skewed toward our brokerage business. And our brokerage business is experiencing a good year and an active year of recruiting. And we think it’s going to measure up with some of the best years we’ve ever had. Recruiting – even in a tough market, recruiting is expensive because what you’re typically doing is recruiting the best brokers in the marketplace, and it’s like buying great companies. They never come cheap. But we’re at a time now where people are finding their platforms and the circumstances in the companies they’re in today being less supportive of what they want to do with their careers less supportive of how they want to support their clients than they think CBRE can be. So we’re finding good hunting out there in a lot of places in bringing on people and as a result, spending more money. It’s a little bit like Emma said about the land situation with Trammell Crow Company. There’s a lot of people out there that previously, we’re able to buy land, industrial land or multifamily land that aren’t in a great position to buy it now. It’s not cheap. You still have to pay up to get good land. But you can get some land sites that you couldn’t get previously. You can get some brokers you couldn’t get previously. And that’s what Emma’s comments were centered on about the incremental use of cash for those two types of investments into the future.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, that’s an interesting story. And by the way, it’s a story that’s being pulled increasingly, and it’s this bifurcation between really good buildings and other buildings that are less attractive from an experience point of view for tenants. And what we’ve seen in New York, in particular, is that companies that want to get their people back into the office and believe it’s important, are very, very interested in getting the best possible space to create the best environment for those tenants to get them in. So there’s actually a little bit of a feeding frenzy for the best space in a place like Midtown Manhattan. In fact, I had a conversation with our senior most brokers, and we have 125 or so of them that qualify for this, we call Vice Chairman. And we have a Vice Chairman in New York, that focuses mainly on hedge funds, investment companies, et cetera, in Midtown Manhattan. He told me a couple of weeks ago that this is going to be his best year ever in leasing, which is kind of at odds with everything you’re hearing about return to the office, the attractiveness of office space. But what it is, it’s those clients wanting to gobble up the best space, and by the way, at record rental rates so they can create this environment for their people. So we are going to see this circumstance continue to play out where the best buildings do quite well. And the buildings at the bottom really, really struggled in between, you’re going to see buildings repurpose because that – in the absence of those buildings in the middle being repurposed and moved up the spectrum in terms of their quality, there aren’t going to be places for these companies to go when they do want to create this environment for their people. By the way, it’s one of the things that is a bit of an encouraging sign for companies like us who provide a lot of services to office buildings over the longer run.
Bob Sulentic: We definitely expect monetization of our Trammell Crow assets to pick up if, in fact, cap rates perform well. And if, in fact, there’s capital availability for buyers, one of the really great things about that business – and just to remind everybody, we have $17 billion of product in development now, and we have another $13 billion behind that in the pipeline. Those are projects that we have control over, but we haven’t started to develop yet. We have those projects capitalized in a way that we have flexibility over when we harvest them. So if you look at a quarter like this, I think Emma, we sold one building in Q3 – excuse me, Q2, we just decided this is not a good time to be selling our assets. And that positions us well for profitability in the future when the time comes to sell those assets. We’ve got really strong equity partners. We’ve got a little of our own equity in them. We’ve got flexible debt financing. So I think that business is positioned to do very good things for us later next year and beyond when the capital markets come back around.
Bob Sulentic: Well, Michael, we don’t want to be too specific about where we see them. I will tell you, we are pursuing M&A opportunities that we think do a couple of things. Number one, they advance our ability to serve our clients in areas where we think we’re not as strong as we’d like to be. Number two; they are really well-run companies that we, in some cases, will bring leaders in to run parts of our business with those acquisitions. And they – when we announced some of these things, they’ll sound kind of consistent with what people might have expected.  And some of what we’re doing will sound different than what people might have expected. When we – Emma talked about the Norland acquisition, which has been one of the great ones we made. I don’t think anybody would have expected that acquisition a few years ago. We had grown to the point where it made sense to buy that company. We’ve had others like that. And I think you should expect to see M&A from us that will expand our capability to serve our company with really well-run companies with really good brands. And if we can’t get those kind of deals done, we’re not going to do M&A. We’re not going to force it just to build scale. We can build scale through organic growth.
Bob Sulentic: It’s both, Jade. And I don’t say that globally. We have good opportunities both here in the U.S. and internationally, and we have some opportunities that span the two. By the way, we had several questions today about the pace of M&A. The minute you start looking at acquiring companies that operate across multiple countries. That process takes a long time. And you have to make sure that you’re confident, you can get regulatory approval across those countries that you can integrate across those countries that you can bring people along in a way that is motivating. And so I would say we have M&A opportunities that are specific to the U.S. and specific to countries outside the U.S., but importantly, we have opportunities to span countries, which is exciting. 
Bob Sulentic: We’re looking – Emma mentioned our Chief Operating Officer, Vikram Kohli earlier. Vikram overseas or digital and technology team, which we’ve advanced massively over the last few years. They have an initiative underway, and it would be – I think, Jade, our investors in CBRE would be happy with this. If you watched what we’ve done with technology over the years, we’ve said we’re a real estate company that invests in technology to support our business, to enhance our business to enable our business.  We’re looking at artificial intelligence in exactly the same way. We’re not going into the artificial intelligence business. We’re starting with trying to find places where artificial intelligence can make us more efficient and cost-effective and then – and we’ll move from there to having it support our market-facing businesses. But there’s a lot of hubris around AI now as I think most people would agree, and we’re trying to stay clear of that and be very focused on where we can definitively help our business and invest in it as rational [ph] patient and an rational amount.
Bob Sulentic: Flattish or potentially grow, Patrick, because what happens is they stay in process to you sell them. And if we start new projects that, they’ll move from pipeline to in-process.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Hana is kind of a net for us now is the best we could explain it. We’ve invested in Industrious. That’s our quote flex bet. It’s a very good company. We’re bullish on Flex as an opportunity. We’ve got a 40% position with some additional debt in the business, and we’re very supportive of Jamie Hodari and his team as they grow that business, and Hana is fading away.
