Bob Sulentic: Thanks Kristyn and good morning everyone. As you've seen from the results Kristyn just summarized, CBRE continues to benefit from the multiyear efforts to diversify our business across four dimensions; asset type, business line, client type, and geography. We've moved decisively to capitalize on this opportunity and are making investments and driving organic growth initiatives that will continue this trend. Overall Q2 2021 adjusted EBITDA grew at better than 20% compounded rate from Q2 2019 with strong growth across all three business segments. Each segment experienced significant margin expansion over this two-year period due to our disciplined expense management along with the benefits of diversification. Thoughtful investments shaped by a well-developed strategy will play a central role as we continue to grow and diversify our business across asset type, business line, client type, and geography. Our balance sheet was very strong going into COVID and has strengthened further as we emerged from the pandemic. We are putting some of this balance sheet capacity to work with a particular focus on investing in secularly failed [ph] companies that enhance our ability to provide clients with customized solutions and will benefit from a relationship with CBRE. You saw this earlier this year when we acquired a 40% ownership interest in Industrious in the Flex space arena and again this month with our SPACs sponsorship of Altus Power in the commercial and industrial solar energy sector. On Tuesday, we announced a $1.3 billion purchase of a 60% stake in Turner & Townsend, a global leader in project, program, and cost management. This is a great brand and great management team operating in sectors with favorable long term growth profiles. Turner & Townsend will advance diversification across the four dimensions of our business that we've been discussing. For example, across asset types, Turner & Townsend brings us capabilities in infrastructure and green energy where they can help support our efforts to meet our client’s carbon reduction goals. They are the global leader in cost consultancy, a line of business where we have a small practice now. Geographically, they move our project management business into new markets in Asia and the Middle East while we can help them grow in the Americas and elsewhere. And they add an array of new clients around the world, most notably in the government sector. We look forward to hitting the ground running with Turner & Townsend when the transaction closes later this year.  Before concluding, I'll briefly comment on the leadership changes we announced this morning. Over the past several years, we've evolved our senior leadership team dramatically, identifying our most compelling executives and putting them in roles where they can have the greatest impact on our business. The elevation of Emma Giamartino and Vikram Kohli, the Global Group President roles, represents another step in this direction. Consolidating our capital investment and finance functions under Emma reflects the growing importance of capital allocation to the long-term growth aspirations that we outlined at the end of last year. She has proven to be an accomplished investor of our capital who has an exceptional ability to work effectively with our leaders around the world to execute our capital strategy. Vikram has rapidly emerged as a leader with a unique ability to harness data and insight from across our business as well as from external sources. And like Emma, he has excelled at working across our global platform. Adding our strategy and digital and technology functions to his mandate will create a business intelligence capability that will better enable us to make powerful fact based decisions as we guide the company's growth. Vikram is the first senior executives from outside the U.S. to ascend to this level in the company. We expect to elevate other executives from outside the U.S. in the senior global leadership roles as we continue to put our best talent into key positions.  Leah Stearns will remain with us through year-end to ensure a smooth transition of financial leadership responsibilities. I want to thank Leah for her vision and initiating the transformation of our finance organization, managing finance through the worst of the COVID 19 crisis, and together with Kristyn taking our Investor Relations program to a new level, including articulating the financial framework for our long-term growth aspirations. We wish Leah continued success. With that I'll turn the call over to Emma.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, I would say it's both. Capital markets is doing quite well. There is a huge amount of capital interested in commercial real estate, obviously aimed at certain asset classes, for instance, anything related to industrial distribution, multifamily data centers. There is a lot of capital aimed at those assets, lot of trading going on and obviously we're big in those arenas. So it's coming through in our numbers. As it relates to leasing, it's what it has been. There's a real uncertainty about how and when companies will go back to the office post COVID and as long as that overhang is out there, decisions will be made more slowly than they have been historically. Now, as you've seen over the past few months with the vaccination, more people were back in the office, more decisions were being made, commitments were being made, but we're -- I would say we can be certain about two things, we probably won't go back to where we were pre-COVID, but we'll definitively go back to a level that's far beyond what it has been in the past 15 months, right. The decision-making process around office space has just been extremely muted and that's not going to sustain once we get to the other side of COVID.
Bob Sulentic: That business has not been cyclical. As Emma said, they'd been a steady double-digit grower on the top and bottom line for the last decade. The nature of the projects they work on, and one of the things Steve that was so attractive about them are really benefiting from secular tailwinds. So they're doing stuff in the green energy arena, in the infrastructure arena. They're doing very large complex projects for corporates that span several years. So, the decision making that underpins those contracts with corporates on about what's going on in the current cycle, they're about what their long-term needs are. So we expect this to be an acquisition that contributes to the resiliency of our business. They operated at different margin level because they don't have the same level of pass throughs we do. For instance, one thing they don't do is principal contracting which we do which of course has big pass throughs. But they're doing some massive projects around the world. To give you an example, they're doing a hydro project in New South Wales in Australia. That will be the largest renewable project in the country of Australia ever. They're doing the -- they're working on the Virgin Hybrid listed so well known in India that's going to connect the big cities in India, that will go on for years and years and years. My guess is their role in that will grow over time. They're involved in the program management, then the ongoing cost management when they take on projects like this. So they're very resilient and they are a high margin company and they are real grower.
Bob Sulentic: Oh yeah, big complex projects like that last for years and years. I'll give you another example, they're working on a $6 billion redevelopment at the Toronto airport. Any of us that have gone to airports and seen these projects know they just, they go on for a long time. So yes, those contracts are very long-term.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah Jade, there was some pent up demand that came through in the marketplace, but when you ask about capital markets in the real commercial real estate sector, you have to look at the alternative places capital can go. And as you know, there is a lot of capital around the world and prices are high in most asset classes, stocks, etcetera. And so real estate has proven to be a much better asset class over the last decade and there were certain portions, certain asset classes within real estate that appear to be particularly strong. And we've talked about them over and over multi-family, data centers, anything industrial, anything by the way in the office arena that are new high quality buildings with great tenants, especially tech tenants. There's a lot of capital for those buildings still. And so what you're seeing is a lot of capital out there in general, a considerable portion of it that’s concluded that commercial real estate is a good place to be and then some asset classes within commercial real estate that appear to be performing extremely well with lots of headway to continue to perform well. And so, there was a little pent-up demand coming through, but our view is that this is going to sustain for years.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah Tony, I'll talk about that. And it's very relevant to this structure we put in place by the way with Turner & Townsend. So, the Trammell Crow company model generally works the following way. When we generate earnings, there's two levels of compensation, commitment that go to our developers and those who manage our development business and that totals around 40% of the total profit that then gets -- the other 60% goes into our earnings. That's the way that works. So when you look at this Turner & Townsend model that we've now just executed on or we will close on later this year, very, very similar structure. One of the reasons we're so excited, Trammell Crow company has thrived subject to this structure. Within Turner & Townsend would thrive subject to the structure, very motivational to the professionals in the business, very aligning between the company and the professionals in the business. And you've seen the results, you've seen our profits now in Trammell Crow Company are over six times what they were pre-financial crisis when we bought that business.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it differs on -- some development deals we will do on balance sheet, not many, but some we will particularly if they have a user identified. And then we have various kinds of structures, but for the most part, if you look at the total project profit that comes out of a deal, maybe 30% of it comes to us sometimes more than that. And then we apply those splits that I just described between the company and the developers. 
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Now, I will say this we do build the suits or we do fee deals, those are 100% company owned projects. There's no third-party capital associated with those typically. 
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us. And we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Emma Giamartino: It’s that the split will be a little bit more even. So the first half comp versus 2020 obviously is much easier than the second half. We are expecting a shift in our earnings to be more weighted, to move more towards the first half, so we still expect the majority of it to be in the second half.
Emma Giamartino: So office leasing revenue came down to 47% of our total leasing revenues globally and 2020 it was 54%. So it came down 7%. 
Emma Giamartino: Yeah, so historically Turner & Townsend has shown very consistent mid-teens growth, both to net revenue and EBITDA. And through 2021, you probably saw their revenue was pretty flat. They only dropped 3% and EBITDA was up significantly. So going forward, we're expecting them to continue to hit those mid double digit revenue, mid-teens revenue and EBITDA but I will say that for 2022, we are expecting EBITDA to be in line with 2021 as costs come back in post COVID, even as revenue increases.
Emma Giamartino: No, we have done a few intel acquisitions for Industrious. We have not revalued that investment because it was the reason we expect to do that later that year. So you won't see any impact from Industrious this year. 
Emma Giamartino: Yeah. So we still have a very strong M&A pipeline. I think we are going to look to do more deals like Turner & Townsend, we will also continue to do our programmatic M&A through in sell. But I think you'll see a mix of both and our real focus is on finding targets that can really help push our strategy forward, our diversification strategy across asset types, business lines, client types, and geographies that Bob has talked about with all of you many times. And so we're going to look for strategic M&A, we're not going to force it. If we can't find the right opportunities, we'll obviously look to return cash to shareholders. 
Emma Giamartino: So on the -- I gave some of the stats on leasing before. We're at 47% office globally, 32% industrial. On the sales side office is down to 18% and industrial is at 28%.
Emma Giamartino: I think it's a mix of both. We have some higher margin revenue coming on and then we do have some costs that are one-time in nature and we'll come back. But we think the majority of that margin is sustainable. 
