Brett White: Thank you, Nick, and please turn to slide four. As you know, the market environment turned more cautious in the third quarter of this year. Many investors and occupiers deferred making decisions and commitments, concerns about ongoing European sovereign debt issues and slowing growth in Asia, which have been vain on the markets most of the year were joined by heightened uncertainty starting from lower corporate profit expectations, as well as the upcoming U.S. election and so called fiscal cliff. The increase caution was manifested in lower business volumes, particularly sale and lease transactions. In most of our geographies, also across EMEA, this was also the case in all other significant service lines. Despite this very challenging macro conditions we were nevertheless able to improve revenue, while holding operating expenses flat exclusive of cost containment expenses, thereby supporting normalized EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share, and preserving our industry-leading margins. This of course is a credit to our people and our broad diverse global platform. We’ve worked hard over a number of years to build a well-balanced integrated platform to meet the needs of our clients. The benefits of these efforts will vary evident in the third quarter of this year. Our acquisition of the ING REIM business has added significant and largely recurring fee based revenue to our Global Investment Management operations. As a result, this segment saw revenue grow sharply and its contribution to total company normalized EBITDA versus the third quarter of 2011 increased significantly. We’re quite pleased with the 32% normalized EBITDA margin, this business delivered in the third quarter, and we believe it is indicative of where it can perform on a consistent basis. Outsourcing continue to grow solidly with revenue up 7% globally or 11% in local currency and 13% in the Americas. Steady adoption of outsourcing continues and CBRE remains well-positioned to capitalize on this trend. We signed 67 total contracts in the third quarter, our highest total ever for one quarter, including 25 with new customers and 16 contract expansions, also single quarter company records. Despite the slowdown in global investment sales, our mortgage brokerage business posted a double-digit revenue increase, driven by our deep and strong position in the U.S. multi-family finance market. These two business lines outsourcing and mortgage brokerage were the biggest growth drivers in our Americas operations. While the property sales market was soft, we were able to expand the gap between ourselves and the number two firm in the world’s two largest investment markets which are drawing global capital through their status as relative safe-haven namely, the United States and United Kingdom. The current recovery unlike previous ones remains frustratingly slow and inconsistent. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that the recoveries are ongoing and as we’ve been saying for some time remain subject to quick swings in market sentiment as we saw in the third quarter. We do expect the solid finish to the year in light of current business pipeline and as always, we cautioned against judging the underlying trends in our business based on a 90-day timeframe. Some of the most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on slide five. As usual, I’ll not go through them individually, but we’ve included them for your review. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Gil to discuss our overall performance.
Brett White: Thanks, Gil. And please turn to slide 18. We believe that the commercial real estate recovery is continuing despite the soft patch particularly in the U.S. in the third quarter of 2012. If nothing else, the third quarter is a reminder that variable market conditions will be the norm until global economic growth and job creation shift in the higher gear. In the interim, we expect outsourcing to continue with solid consistent growth, leasing to remain relatively subdued reflecting slower global economic and employment growth trends. Investments sales activity vary widely depending on local and regional market dynamics and investor sentiments which as we have seen can change quickly. Investment Management comparisons will benefit less from the ING REIM businesses in Q4, relatively to the first nine months of 2012, and full-year 2012 normalized EBITDA margins to improve. We expect conditions in Europe to remain soft until the sovereign debt challenges in Southern Europe are dealt with decisively and in Asia until more steady economic growth returns. In the U.S., the two big uncertainties namely the presidential election and the fiscal cliff will be resolved one way or another shortly. This resolution will be in greater certainty to the market. Meanwhile, underlined markets fundamentals continue to improve incrementally. Our business pipelines are healthy and our people around the world are energized to help our clients navigate the choppy environment. CBRE remains well positioned for this market climate because of the strength, the geographic scope and the diversity of our platform. Our strong financial position and the quality of our brand and people which assure clients they are also receiving the best advice. In light of the operating performance in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect full-year 2012 adjusted earning per share to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20. Notwithstanding current economy conditions, CBRE remains strongly position to thrive in a month and years ahead. To hear more about our long-term strategy, I hope you’ll be able to attend our Business Review Day this year. Bob Sulentic will be hosting event which will take place in the morning of Thursday, December 6th at our New York City office at 200 Park. With that, operator we’ll now take questions.
Brett White: Before Gil answer that question, Will, let me just say a few words about what has transpired on the East Coast these past two days. We want to convey our thoughts and prayers for everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. I also want to thank our thousands of employees who have already rallied to assist our many clients impacted by the disaster. I witness our response to the main disaster is both man-made and natural over the years. And I can tell you that no one responds with more enthusiasm and energy on behalf of their clients than our folks across the field. So I really told them thank you for all your doing. And Gil you can now hit Will’s question.
Brett White: Well. Let me take a stand on that. Let me ask Bob to speak as well. First thing I want to caution you, Will, I think you already know this is -- it is dangerous to extrapolate too much from a single quarter. You may recall last year, we had a soft quarter in leasing in the end of the day at the end of the year, it end up meaning nothing. We do think that we picked up some share gain. We clearly picked up some share. I’ll let Bob talk a bit more specifically about our share gains. Bob.
Brett White: No. Nothing has change. We believe and we continue to believe that we’re advantaged over any other firm in the industry in this particular space. And I think, Will, you would agree that our numbers in that space the last three or four years certainly are evidence of that.
Brett White: Great. Well, thanks everyone for you time on the call. We’ll look forward to speaking to you again at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Gil Borok: Okay. Hi, Will, thank you. Thanks, Brett. Will, what I would say is generally speaking, debt pay down is always a priority of ours and frankly, we said at the moment our net debt balance is very good. We’ve got that cash of $700 million, $450 million available -- would be available in the U.S., around $250 million plus overseas. And we’re always anticipating what our options are with that cash. The one thing that I can say definitively and that I think I’ve said before is we do have a high-yield bonds coming due in June of next year, the 11.625. At least, there is a call on them. And whether we refinance those or partially finance those and partially use cash is yet to be determined, but you can certainly think about that in terms of an interest expense reduction, certainly for the back half of next year and the full year of 2013, if current interest rates and the current interest rate environment remains low. So there is no specific M&A. There is no specific opportunities for cash that you wouldn’t normally think of, we’ve obviously got our core investment program in the principle businesses. We’ve got capital expenditures, the routine stuff that you would -- that you are very, very familiar with, nothing specific except that debt item that I just mentioned.
Gil Borok: There will be $10 million of savings, yeah. I just would caution that whether there is a bigger discussion around, whether or not that would go forward to the bottom line or would offset other items including depending on how revenues looks next year in investment and so forth. So yeah, in it of itself it will produce $10 million of savings.
Gil Borok: No. And it wouldn’t be. But it will be lower than it’s been, it wouldn’t be under 30%. No, we can go over it in more detail by quarter offline if you’re like, but 35 is a full year rate and that you should be able to sell for the quarter.
Gil Borok: I’m not ready to comment on 2013. I think we’ll differ commenting on that to the year-end call, the February call where we’ll give our guidance and we’ll incorporate call for it, the tax rate and other variables into guidance at that time. What I can’t say is and what I did say is we all -- we continue to focus on this aspect of our business we started to talk about in the few quarters ago. You’re starting to see the beginnings of all the benefits of our work in this area. And there will be benefit next year, but in terms of how much I’m not ready to talk about that quite yet, David.
