Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Nick, and please turn to Slide 4. CBRE's performance rebounded strongly in the final quarter of 2012. Following a sluggish Q3, activity improved in virtually all business lines, particularly our capital markets businesses. All 3 global operating regions delivered solid top line growth with especially strong results in the Americas. The positive turn in performance reflects improved market sentiment, which has fluctuated throughout the current recovery, as well as CBRE's distinct advantages as the global market leader. Revenue for the year set a new milestone at $6.5 billion, and both earnings and normalized EBITDA exhibited strong growth. Our full year normalized EBITDA margin of 14.1% was the highest since 2007 and increased 50 basis points over 2011. These achievements in a year of economic and market uncertainty are a testament to the strength and diversity that comes from our geographic footprint and broad product offering, our brand and our people's talents for collaborating to create value for our clients. Please turn to Slide 5. Global business line highlights for the quarter include: a 22% increase in global property sales revenue as we completed single-asset and portfolio sales valued at more than $1 billion in several markets, including Berlin and Frankfurt, Moscow, New York, Seattle and Silicon Valley. Sales activity was especially strong in the Americas, rising 32%. Despite Europe's weak economic growth and continued financial stress, property sales in EMEA rose 13%, aided by robust performance in the United Kingdom. Commercial mortgage brokerage revenue improved 38%, fueled by continued strong U.S. loan origination activity. In a generally soft market, leasing revenue grew 5%, led by the Americas and Asia Pacific. Outsourcing continued its strong growth. Overall revenue rose 13% as all 3 global regions posted double-digit increases. As you will hear from Bill Concannon shortly, we signed a record number of new Global Corporate Services contracts and aggressively expanded our scope of services for existing clients in 2012. Investment Management revenue, excluding discontinued operations and normalized EBITDA, grew 18% and 48%, respectively, as a result of higher incentive fees, as well as increased asset management fees, which benefited from a full quarter of ING REIM Europe contributions. As the market enters its fourth year of slow recovery, we expect conditions to continue to improve gradually, tracking the performance of the global economy. While we are encouraged by positive underlying trends in the U.S. and China and the easing of credit market tensions in Europe, the pace of recovery remains subpar, and investors and occupiers alike are still managing their businesses cautiously. As you would expect, we continue to diligently manage our own day-to-day expense base while making strategic investments in our people and platform that we believe will enhance our client services and position us for long-term profitable growth. Some of the most notable transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on Slide 6. As is our typical process, I will not go through them individually, but we have included them for your review. Starting this quarter, we will be having one of our senior executives join the call to give you a deeper dive into their business. This is something we've done from time-to-time in the past and will now make a regular feature of our calls. Our goal is twofold: One, to provide you with more insight into our key lines of business; and two, to give you an opportunity to ask these executives questions. Bill Concannon, CEO of Global Corporate Services, our occupier outsourcing business, will join us today. We've decided to begin with Global Corporate Services because it is a complex business that cuts across most of our geographies and a number of our service lines. Global Corporate Services is also a large business, with annual revenues of about $1.5 billion. It has been growing at a rate in the mid-teens for the past few years, and it services many of our largest clients. And we see significant growth opportunities ahead because the outsourcing concept for real estate occupiers is still relatively young, and we are extremely well positioned to benefit from its growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill, who will describe the business and the opportunities in more detail.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 23. Our performance in the fourth quarter and strong full year growth at a time of continuing economic challenges reflects the many strengths that have led CBRE to the market-leading position in our industry, including our deep pool of professional talent; our deep, diverse and loyal client base; our well-recognized and highly regarded brand; our unmatched geographic and service line footprint; and our capacity and willingness to make strategic investments that enhance our services to clients and position us for continued growth. With market conditions continuing to improve slowly and systemic threats to the global economy lessening, our view of 2013 is on the positive side of the lever -- ledger. It is also an opportune time to modestly increase investment in our platform. We expect to partly offset any above-normal platform investments through continued, rigorous management of our day-to-day cost structure, lower interest expense and tax savings. Accordingly, we expect the impact of these investments on the bottom line to be muted. These investments will enable our people to work more efficiently and collaborate more effectively and will help us sustain our growth for years to come. For 2013, we expect global revenue to increase at a mid- to high-single-digit rate, consistent with our long-term historical performance. We anticipate this growth to once again be paced by the Americas, with Asia Pacific rebounding and EMEA still being challenged by a weak macro environment. Among our global business lines, we expect moderate leasing growth to be closely tied to the performance of the global economy. We anticipate that property sales will increase in line with improving fundamentals, and outsourcing will continue to grow in the low double digits. In light of these expectations and factoring in anticipated higher depreciation and amortization expense, we anticipate generating full year 2013 EPS in the range of $1.40 to $1.45. This implies a solid growth rate of 15% to 20% as compared to 2012 while once again producing the industry-leading normalized EBITDA margins you have come to expect of us. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Robert E. Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. The -- we do believe we picked up share. We do believe JLL probably picked up share as well. And where it came from probably is our smaller competitors. Whether or not it's sustainable depends on whether or not we can continue to do the kind of job we're doing on behalf of our clients. We're going to certainly try to do that. We're investing aggressively in the business to make sure we do that. We're supporting our professionals. We think we have the industry-leading professionals in that area. So we expect that we'll be able to continue the trend of growing our leasing business. I can tell you, it's certainly a big focus here, and we have the right people to get that done.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it's definitely cyclical. When companies are uncertain or companies feel like they're under pressure, they control costs more aggressively. And one of the costs they focus on is their leases. But in addition to that, there is no doubt that things are changing. What makes the notion of alternative workspace real is really 2 things: Number one, it's the notion of a more paperless world. And number two, it's the notion of connectivity and wirelessness on the technology side. And all of that stuff is happening. And so what you're seeing is people that are very mobile with their office space and coming up with alternative designs for office space that allow them to move around, share space, so on and so forth. So that's a very real trend. We see it with a lot of clients. We're doing it in our own spaces around the world. And by the way, I think the younger generation of workers coming in is pushing all of us in that direction.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, Anthony, we're bringing on a good number of new projects. Obviously, you've observed, as we all have, that business over the years, and you know that the life cycle associated with harvesting those projects is fairly long. So I think what you're going to see in 2013 from us is likely less development profitability. Because what we've done is we've burned off the inventory of projects that we kind of carried for a long time through the downturn. And now we're reloading, and the gestation period of those projects suggests it'll be 2 or 3 years before a lot of them harvest. So I think we're going through now kind of a cyclical bottom, and then we'll be coming back out in terms of the profitability generated by that business. But we do -- to answer your question specifically, yes, we do see some nice new opportunities, and we're particularly encouraged by the fact that if you can find development opportunities and get them started, there's less competition now than there has been at many points in the past.
Robert E. Sulentic: Brandon, the -- I want to make sure I understand your question. So I'll give an answer, and if I don't answer the question you asked me, tell me. We really don't think there is any pull forward in leasing or outsourcing. So that's the easy part of your question. Whether or not there's an air pocket in the capital markets -- probably a little bit. There was an awful -- particularly here in the States, there was an awful lot of activity in Q4, and particularly in December, in response to the tax situation that we're all aware of. So we think we benefited from that. We don't think it's going to have an overwhelming or a dominant impact on Q1. And in fact, we think that 2013 is going to be a better year overall than 2012. But it wouldn't be surprising to see some impact from that.
Robert E. Sulentic: We're making those investments around the world, Brandon. But importantly, I want to stress one thing as we said in our comments. The -- we're expecting our margin to continue to expand. So we're making these investments thoughtfully and cautiously, and they're all about enabling our professionals, technology, marketing, other things that are going to enable our professionals. And we're doing it around the world. I mean, we do the same products everywhere in the world. We do these processes that are very similar everywhere in the world. And increasingly, with those businesses, we're serving the same customers everywhere in the world. Bill, I don't know if you'd have an add-on to that.
Robert E. Sulentic: David, we're seeing that start to happen slowly and -- both in terms of moving out a little with the assets and moving out a little with the markets that investors are looking at.
Robert E. Sulentic: I would say we would expect it to be more than it's been prior to this, in the recovery in 2013. That's our expectation. And we're -- and again, we started to see that in the fourth quarter for sure.
Robert E. Sulentic: We made some cost cuts, and we're also going to make some incremental investments. It's hard to give you an exact answer at this point because if we didn't see things -- if we didn't start to be more optimistic, which I think we're going to be by the middle of the year, about EMEA, then we'd put a governor on the magnitude of the incremental investments, obviously. But my guess is those 2 things will kind of offset each other over the course of the year in EMEA. And we'll respond to the market in the second of the year as it unfolds.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes. That's correct, Todd. I think that -- by the way, I think we think that's a conservative estimate by McKinsey. It's only in the service lines where we operate today. And so it doesn't include in vertical markets like higher education where we're not -- they're not really outsourcing yet today. But it does not include soft service providers. So it wouldn't include janitorial or security in many of the vendor spend categories that we manage as a facilities manager.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well -- I mean, we have lots of metrics that we track in the business, Todd. One of them is obviously win rate, and we've got a very high win rate on the business that we choose to go after. I will tell you that this year -- I can't remember a year where the pace picked up, where we set records for the number of new contracts, one, and the number of new RFPs. RFPs were up almost 40% on a year-over-year basis. And so when these customers come out, they're not just vetting for cost anymore. They're vetting for -- in a very sophisticated RFP process with many times procurement and/or strategic sourcing at the table with these Fortune 500 companies. They're looking for profits improvement, they're looking for the access to talent that they can bring into their own company in terms of running the real estate, running the facilities, better compliance, better regulatory reporting. So this business, as it's gotten more sophisticated, as the selection process has gotten more difficult, it really bodes well for us, companies like ours. And so we very [ph] -- rarely would see a local or regional original player compete effectively on a large global deal or even an Americas-based deal.
Robert E. Sulentic: It's growing. 80% of our business is in the Americas today. So 20% is outside the Americas, but it is growing. In Asia Pacific and Latin America, to name 2 geographies, we saw a real jump in a year-over-year basis on our RFP count. And in fact, there's a lot of scrutiny in those regions of the world.
Robert E. Sulentic: It's very tied to investment sales activity. And in our case, it's tied to multi-family investment sales activity far more than just CMBS. We provide mortgage origination for all types of different financings. So -- or for all types of different capital sources. So we wouldn't necessarily be driven more by CMBS or something else. I will tell you, we've done a lot of multi-family stuff, but we do a good amount of work, whether it's office, industrial or retail, in the mortgage brokerage business. So I would -- if you want to have a parameter, I would look at investment sales in general.
Robert E. Sulentic: I think they're -- to specifically answer Anthony's question, in aggregate, the 2 grow north of 10%.
Robert E. Sulentic: And not all parts of GCS, Anthony, flow through Property and the Facilities Management line. All right? So there are revenues that aren't captured in that business that's grown 10% year-over-year.
Robert E. Sulentic: It's the latter, Will. We just -- we do it. We have a specific time we do it with our kind of annual release calendar, and we didn't want to address it off cycle in essence.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it'll impact the first quarter some. We don't think it's going to be a dramatic impact. And by the way, I don't think I answered your question about the impact on leasing of the fiscal cliff issue. I don't think it created any pull forward. I think what it did was it liberated leaders of businesses to make commitments that they were waiting to make. So I think we'll see the benefit from that. We probably saw a little benefit from that in Q4. I think we'll see the benefit from that from now forward through the rest of this year in all probability.
Robert E. Sulentic: I think there was benefit, but I don't think it was pull forward benefit. I think it was just people that had been kind of on the sidelines deciding to start to come in and make some decisions.
William F. Concannon: Thanks, Bob, and please turn to Slide 7. Global Corporate Services is CBRE's occupier outsourcing business. We provide these occupiers with tailored real estate solutions. Our clients include corporations ranging from the biggest Fortune 500 companies to growing mid-cap enterprises, health care providers, public sector institutions and others. We provide 4 core services for these occupier clients: portfolio and transaction services, facilities management, project management and strategic consulting. On our income statement, the variable portion of portfolio and transaction services rolls into our leasing and property sales revenue lines, while project management and facilities management, even the reimbursed portion of portfolio and transaction services, rolls into Property & Facilities Management revenue. Strategic consulting is a small contributor to all 3 revenue lines. We have more than 300 Global Corporate Services clients, all of them served under contracts of at least 1 year, and most for multiple years. We also enjoy a very high renewal rate with these clients. These clients' contracts range from integrated full-service global clients to a contract where we provide a single service for a period of 1 year or more, such as managing a complex construction project. We have a very strong leadership team and more than 13,000 employees in Global Corporate Services, many of them working on-site with our clients as an integral part of their real estate team. As Bob indicated, our business has been growing strongly, and 2012 was our best year ever for total contracts signed. We set new records for wins, expansions and renewals. We continue to sign new contracts at an impressive clip in the fourth quarter. Most notably, we completed the most contract expansions ever, both in a single quarter and full year, reflecting our sharp focus on broadening our scope of services for existing clients. Opportunities in newer, relatively untapped market sectors are also gaining momentum. In 2012, we experienced solid growth in the health care and government sectors, both of which are looking for innovative solutions to cost pressures. We also continue to see opportunities outside of the U.S., where outsourcing by real estate occupiers is typically in the very early stages, as well as for global mandates. Please turn to Slide 8. Macro trends remain favorable for our Global Corporate Services business and should help us to drive future growth. The size of Global Corporate Services' potential market for outsourcing by real estate occupiers has been estimated at more than $50 billion by McKinsey. They estimate market penetration to be at $10 billion, leaving significant headroom for growth. New occupier markets and sectors embracing real estate outsourcing continue to emerge. As mentioned earlier, one of the most exciting is health care. Hospital bed managed by CBRE have increased 40% in the past 2 years to more than 9,800 as health care providers have been driving hard-to-find efficiencies. We believe this trend will only intensify in the years ahead as the federal Affordable Care Act takes full effect. Changes in corporate management structures also bode well for us. Despite the steady growth we've seen over the past several years, the fact is that many large companies still manage their real estate decision-making on a decentralized basis. As the pace of centralization picks up, it opens up more opportunities for third-party real estate service providers to serve more of their global portfolios, and CBRE is one of a handful of firms well positioned for these opportunities. Finally, supply chain optimization and the rise of strategic sourcing creates significant opportunities for us. In our Facilities Management business, we manage more than $20 billion in total vendors spend for clients. We are highly focused on helping them find ways to reduce their cost and add value, which can result in a meaningful upside to us in the form of incentive fees tied to performance goals. Our Global Corporate Services business enters 2013 with strong momentum and a large pipeline of opportunities, both with existing and new clients. And we continue to be very excited about our future prospects. I will now turn the call over to Gil, who will discuss CBRE's fourth quarter performance.
William F. Concannon: Okay, Brandon, it's Bill here. Thank you for that question. I -- one of the things I'd say is the -- one of -- the #1 thing I like about our 2012 performance is that the expansions that we booked, 56 in total, show us that we've got good client satisfaction, show us that our people are focused, that shows us their clients trust us and therefore they're willing to work with us in more places. And in fact, when you look at the 2 cases highlighted on the slide, Microsoft and State Street, they were U.S. multinationals that expanded with us in EMEA and Asia Pacific. So the customer doesn't have to originate in EMEA and/or Asia Pacific. We can get a lot of expansion on a year-over-year basis with U.S. multinationals, which is a key part of our growth metric.
William F. Concannon: So there's another component to outsourcing, which is the asset services business, property management for landlords. That's the difference.
Gil Borok: Anthony, it's Gil. We have not booked any carried interest revenue in 2012, and our guidance would include any anticipated carried interest revenue that might come in '13. It will obviously come in the future. You see an accrued balance of $48 million of carried interest expense. So you can assume that carried interest revenue more or less double that will come in, in the future. But I'm not going to comment as to which year.
Gil Borok: Yes, Anthony, it's Gil. We look at it, and obviously, we like it. We do have the $450 million bonds that are callable in June of '13. And so we're obviously contemplating our options currently in terms of what we do with those. It may involve use of some cash, maybe all cash. But at the moment, what we've guided to is we know we can refinance those for about half the interest rate that they're currently at. So that's one alternative that fits into our overall strategy. The other thing is you've got to remember that even though there is about $1 billion of cash on the books at the moment, we're going into our seasonal usage period. And so in the first quarter and into the second quarter, you can anticipate us using between $400 million and $450 million of cash to pay bonuses, and we'll do that with cash and not have to draw on our revolver. So there's a big usage. The other thing you have to remember is that $300 million of that cash is overseas, $700 million give or take is domestic. And again, the overseas cash can be used for bonuses as well. So there are some uses coming up. There will be leftover, and it'll be part and parcel of our discussions around that $450 million call as to what we do with it at the moment.
Gil Borok: Yes. On the CapEx front, we're probably looking at something a little north of $150 million, consistent with our moderate investment goals. And on the co-investment front, it's a little bit difficult to say because of -- what the net will be. But as Bob said, it is a time in the cycle where we think there's a good opportunity, and so that's going to be somewhere between $50 million and $100 million. But it's hard to give a tight range on it, Brandon.
Gil Borok: Yes, it'll run -- with the assumptions I've given you, Will, it'll run about $40 million a quarter in the first half, dropping down to between $33 million and $35 million in the second half per quarter.
Gil Borok: Yes. Two things that drive it: First of all, depreciation is going up along with capital expenditure increases. In the down, we didn't invest and since then, we have been investing incrementally. Some of those projects that were held as "construction in progress" have come online and are now starting to be depreciated. So that's what's caused an uptick in depreciation, or the depreciation part of it, certainly in the second half of the year. And then the other component is amortization, and that has to do with our mortgage brokerage business where we -- I think you know we capitalize upfront the servicing rights, which creates income upfront on the servicing rights we get when we originate loans. And that has to amortize into the P&L over time. So in a growing portfolio, you're getting gains and amortization. The amortization is less than the gains, but amortization goes through the amortization line. So a combination of those 2 factors is what's pushing it up. Before you ask it, for next year, the run rate per quarter is going to be around $38 million to $40 million in [indiscernible].
Gil Borok: If you're looking at the P&L and the income statement, remember that's not normalized. I'm giving you a normalized number.
Gil Borok: I'll just give you this. It is higher than the overall corporate margin. It does drive the margin up.
