Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. By now you’ve read our press release detailing CBRE’s financial results for the third quarter of 2016, which Jim will discuss shortly. Our results are solid and largely in line with our and the market’s expectations. Our performance is notable when viewed against the exceptionally strong growth we posted in last year’s Q3 and a backdrop of lower property sales volumes in most markets. In this environment, CBRE’s premier position in commercial real estate with a deep diverse market-leading service offering continues to serve us and our clients well. Occupier outsourcing, our largest business line saw fee revenue growth of 16% or better in local currency in each of our three regions before contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. This acquisition, which we completed 13 months ago, has fortified our capability and given us an advantaged position serving occupier clients. The diversity and depth of our service offering helps to set CBRE apart from others in our sector. Another way we’re distinguishing ourselves is through the strategic gains we’re making across the company. Our investments in people, digital initiatives, specialized-consulting services and other capabilities are driving growth and enhancing CBRE’s ability to deliver highly differentiated client outcomes. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim for a detailed review of our third quarter results.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. CBRE has continued to produce strong results for our shareholders as we invest in our people and platform, including digital initiatives to drive long-term growth and create superior outcomes for our clients. Commercial real estate fundamentals remain healthy in most parts of the world, and the global economy continuous to grow at a modest pace. CBRE as the clear market leader is well-positioned to achieve strong long-term financial performance and widen our competitive advantage in the marketplace. We continue to expect adjusted EPS for the full year of $2.15 to $2.30, which represents solid growth of approximately 9% at the midpoint of the range, on top of an exceptional performance in 2015. Before we close you’ll note that this morning we announced an authorization to repurchase up to $250 million of our shares over the next three years. The strength of our balance sheet, considerable cash flow and resiliency of our business gives us the flexibility to return capital to our shareholders, while continuing to make long-term growth-oriented investment. With that, operator, we’ll open the line for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, this is Bob Sulentic. It really - there are some signs that buyers and sellers are coming together. But as you know, it really depends on what happens in December and we’re still ways away from that. And so we wouldn’t want to project with any level of certainty what’s going to happen as the yearend comes.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Tony, this is Bob. There is a decent amount of that going on in the market. The articles that are out there, get some things right and miss some things in a pretty big way. But we’ve very much maintained or disciplined around underwriting for retaining and recruiting brokerage talent. And as a result, our recruiting this year, while very active is down meaningfully from the record kind of pace we’ve had the last couple of years. We expect to add several hundred brokers. But it will be off meaningfully from where it’s been and we simply aren’t going to participate in what we consider to be irrational pricing in the recruiting wars.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, David. This is Bob. That is a very important part of our strategy. We have put in place an initiative we call advisory and transaction services for occupiers. It operates at the intersection between our occupier brokerage or tenant-rep businesses, a lot of people call it in our transaction management business for our large occupier outsourcing accounts. We’ve added a lot of consultative capability and data capability to that offering. And we’re seeing very good results and we’re counting on those results to be a big part of the future of that business.
Bob Sulentic: Well, our commercial mortgage brokerage business does a lot of work with the GSEs, and that is very active and we expect that to continue to be very active through the course of the year, much more skewed in that direction multifamily than our sales businesses. And that’s why you’ve seen a divergence in the volume of our mortgage origination business and the volume of our sales business. We expect there to be adequate capital from the life companies and the GSEs going forward. So we expect to see strong volume for the balance of the year.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it continued through three quarters. And of course, you don’t get the run rate on - you certainly don’t get a full-years’ worth of run rate on anything you did after the first quarter of the year. So we expect - we will receive meaningful benefit this year. We’ll receive more benefit from it next year. But we really aren’t quantifying it on an annual or quarterly basis. It was an important and significant program though.
Bob Sulentic: Well leasing volume was down significantly in the UK, but on Continental Europe it’s doing much better. And we meaningfully outperformed the market on Continental Europe. We think the volume in the UK was down in the mid-double-digits. We were down far less than that. We grew very dramatically on the continent, as a result of some of the things that Jim talked about in his prepared remarks. I would say around the world, it’s kind of what I said earlier, Brandon. There is significant activity, but against the backdrop from last year where we and the market grew dramatically. It seems fairly muted. We expect there to continue to be solid activity. We expect there to be job growth, kind of like the job growth we had so far this year. But there is uncertainty in the marketplace which is putting pressure on the results relative to what they were a year ago.
Bob Sulentic: The way we run the business, we try to have a platform, a set of capabilities, a brand, a client base that allows us to pursue our policies on a consistent kind of long-term basis. For instance, we do work with virtually every major corporation in the world. We have a $90 billion AUM investment management business that we do a lot of work for. We have $7 billion of development in process that virtually all of which is leased and sold by our brokers. As Jim’s noted a number of times, we get about a third of our occupier leasing work from our base of outsourcing clients, and we’ve increasingly invested in technology and consultative capability to support our brokers. So we’re not going from quarter to quarter, and from poaching headline to poaching headline, and adjusting the way we engage with our brokers on a financial basis. It’s much more of a long-term plan.
Bob Sulentic: I think, the customers respond to capabilities and if you look back to two-plus years ago before we did Norland, our critical-mass of the self-execution capability was primarily in the U.S. Within Norland, we picked up considerable critical-mass in the UK and then with GWS. We picked a critical mass in capabilities to have most of the world. And I think, we’re seeing a response to that, which is the more capable we are the more clients would like to give us more work to do, and work with one or two or three max providers.
Bob Sulentic: Absent a large transaction, we’ll probably continue to be paying down some debt primarily to build flexibility and capability for us to do large strategic transactions, whenever those opportunities become available. But it’s the specifics around my allocation. It’s something with the allocation of capital, something we talk to our Board about pretty regular basis. We have a lot of communication with our shareholders. And we’re always trying to balance what are the top opportunities for us to return value to our shareholders and remain flexible.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again three months from now, at year-end.
Jim Groch: Hey, Tony, it’s Jim. I think we can’t comment at this point as to what would drive up or down the range. As to the variability, Q4 is our biggest quarter. And so there is always some big numbers, always some uncertainty as you get into Q4. And sales have slowed a bit as we mentioned, so that’s an impact. But also just some timing around carried interest, which we also noted.
Jim Groch: Tony, this is Jim. I guess, I would just comment overall on the margins. Our margin for the quarter was 16.5%. Our margin year-to-date is 16.4%. The margins are only down modestly and basically back to where they were a little over a year ago. So we’ve given back some of the operating leverage that we picked up last year. But the margins I think have held up pretty nicely, especially after the acquisition of GWS and after the fact that sales have been down this year.
Jim Groch: Yes, we’re not giving a specific number on that. But I think you can see some of the results coming through, particularly in EMEA, where that work was concentrated.
Jim Groch: Not really, Tony. The range is very wide. I mean, they can be hundreds of millions down to much smaller contracts. They’re all multiyear and material, but the range is extremely wide.
Jim Groch: Yes, Jade, this is Jim. We are seeing in our system where we track number of folks that are signing nondisclosure agreements per deal, that’s remained pretty steady and at a high number, kind of in the upper 50s per deal of people that have seen it, reviewed the teaser, and come in and signed a full nondisclosure agreement, so with a real interest. That’s held pretty steady. We have seen days on the market increase a bit, let’s say, maybe 10% or so. So we have seen a little more caution as the years played out.
Jim Groch: Still pretty strong in general, but on the largest deals you’re seeing the number decline, on very large transactions.
Jim Groch: Our own capital raising was a very, very strong quarter; a very strong trailing 12 months for our own business. But capital raising overall with the industry has been under some pressure. It still feels like there’s a fair amount of liquidity there on the market.
Jim Groch: We’re seeing more capital from Asia than we’ve seen in the past. But there’s - beyond that, we wouldn’t - no major trends.
Jim Groch: The supply comes into play once in a while in a few markets, but it’s not a prominent driver. First of all, it’s important to note that the flatness is one quarter. Year-to-date we’ve had good growth. And secondly, there is a little uncertainty out there among occupiers as to what they want to do. We’re also comparing against a really strong year from last year, so I think it’s hard to read too much into what happened over the last 90 days. And we still expect to see growth in the economy. We still expect to see healthy leasing activity, but keep in mind the backdrop of a little uncertainty and a very strong compare from a year ago.
Jim Groch: Sure. We don’t give very specific underwriting standards, what we’ve noted in the past is that an infill M&A for us has historically, and has continued on average to be in the five to six times EBITDA range. We note that our cost of capital, we believe, is in the plus or minus 10% range, and that we conservatively underwrite well in excess of that kind of return on an IRR basis. So that gives you a couple of metrics to have a sense for. And we commented throughout the last year, but really the last, I would say 12 to 18 months, we’ve seen the deal flow relatively strong, opportunities are out there. But we have felt that pricing was getting heady, and that the income streams that were being priced were less certain. And as a result, we’ve pulled back on deal volume that we’ve been closing. We stepped away from deals where we had to latch out to make the deal. We just didn’t think the economic returns, the risk-reward ratio was right. So hopefully that gives you some good feedback there.
Jim Groch: We don’t quantify in total. What I can tell you is that on an EBITDA basis, the incremental in this quarter versus the same quarter last year was $26.5 million.
Jim Groch: Sure. I would say with regard to fees in the business, we had fees in Europe, particularly Continental - fee pressure in Europe, particularly Continental Europe for part of the last few years. We’re really not seeing too much of that anymore, I think that’s stabilized. We are a core base - our platform is primarily targeting investment of core properties. We do have value-add funds that are very high performers, but the majority of our AUM is core, core plus product, tends to be pretty stable, and stable fee structures. Sometimes we’ll have an impact on mix. We did have mix change a bit, particularly in Europe, where folks were coming out of higher fee funds and moving more into separate accounts, where they wanted more control or core, core plus that had a little lower fee structure. But generally, I think we’re seeing that be reasonably stable today.
Jim Groch: Sure, Alan. We try not to comment generally on our share price, I would say the fact that we’ve had a slower pace over the last 18 months was helpful, and as we think about our capital allocation opportunities it give us more comfort that we could do both, building up a little bit of liquidity. But the other factor I would comment on is just the growth in the company over the last few years. Our profitability is up considerably, and the flexibility we have on our balance sheet really gave us comfort that we could do both. The other thing I’d just reiterate, the opportunities are still out there. It’s just the pricing, the pricing is off, and that doesn’t usually last forever, so I expect we’ll see more in the future.
Jim Groch: Mitch, we always focus on cost. We think it’s a strategic initiative for us, because we have very much committed to continuing to invest in our strategy through cycle. It was tough to do that in past cycles. That’s something that we’ve addressed very specifically. And so we’re focused on cost. We decided a year or so ago that after - but the time six-plus-years of strong growth, when we’re adding all kinds of people and capability, that it was time to kind of scrutinize what we’ve done informally address some cost inefficiencies. That was what drove that initiative. It wasn’t looking at the market or predicting where the market cycle was going. We completed that program, but we will remain very, very focused on cost management. And if we think we’re at a point in time anywhere where we - we’re just carrying too much cost or cost of the wrong type or we’ve made investments that we need to pull back on, then we’ll get more aggressive. But the formal program has been completed.
Jim Groch: Yes, we think that our leaders in the UK tell us that they believe that there is a reasonable chance that activity will pick up now. Obviously, there is real uncertainty there over this issue of hard Brexit and will that happen or won’t it and what will the implications of that be. But we have some hope that there will be a pickup between now and the end of the year.
Jim Groch: Our guidance was - at the beginning of the year, our guidance was that the development business and the investment management business in total would be approximately flat to down slightly last year, and that guidance still seems reasonable.
Jim Groch: We are very focused on maintaining quite a bit of flexibility in our balance sheet. But we are also quite comfortable with where leverage ratios are now. So I don’t - there’s not an aggressive program to prioritize debt repayment. But just the natural flow of the cash flow from our business in the investments we’ve outlined, we’re likely to continue as we have intermittently over the years, continue to pay down debt, and then bring it back up a bit when there’s a large opportunity.
