Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Kristyn, and good morning, everyone. The diversification of our business across four dimensions, asset types, business lines, clients and geographic markets has been a key focus of our past few earnings calls. The benefits of this diversification were clearly evident in our third quarter performance, with adjusted EBITDA more than 60% above the Q3 2019 peak, record Q3 margins and strong top-line growth across all global regions. Our leaders around the world have been adept at identifying and securing compelling opportunities to grow our business across the four dimensions of diversification. We have committed approximately $2 billion of capital already this year to secularly favored areas including green energy and infrastructure project management, with our Turner & Townsend investment, Flex office solutions with our industry investment and logistics and multifamily assets in a real estate investment segment. These investments position as well to make additional capital and organic investments that will drive earnings growth for years to come. We're also making substantial investments to grow our business organically. These include deeper asset type specialization in both our brokerage and real estate investment management businesses, and client sector specialization in our GWS business. And we're expanding our real estate development business into new international markets. With our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation, as well as the work we've done to streamline costs and capture the benefits of scale, we are positioned to continue growth initiatives like these well into the future. At the same time, we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders and are evaluating all potential avenues for such returns. I will close by noting that we will update our multi-year growth framework when we report Q4 results in February. Now I'll hand the call over to Emma.
Bob Sulentic: Well, that's a complex question, Steve. The industrious investment, we believe is a bit of a hedge against -- not even a bit a significant hedge against what we've said now for some time is that we expect there to be some downward pressure on the office product type relative to where it has been historically. But we've studied this flex dynamic over and over and over and spent a huge amount of time with our occupier clients. And the general view is that they expect flex space to be a bigger portion of their office space used going forward than it has been historically and landlords are expected to be a fixture in their buildings in general going forward. So we think the future for industrious is quite bright. We voted with our pocketbook as they stay when we invested in that business and we're prepared to make an incremental investments to support their growth. We're quite bullish about what might happen with industrious. As it relates to the Office product type in general, I think our company and our own plans about what to do with our people is a bit of a proxy for what's going on in the marketplace. There's uncertainty we had thought we would have a significant return to the office kind of inflection point after Labor Day, because people were more and more aimed at getting their teams back into the office for all the reasons we know, collaboration, culture et cetera. When the Delta variant came, it pushed that back, we now think that inflection point is probably going to be the first of the year. And we think people will come back to the office in the same way they would have come back to the office had the Delta variant not occurred. And our view that we've articulated for the past several quarters is, that's going to be something like 80%, 85%, of where it was before. But again, we're all trying to figure out what the future of office space is going to be. But we believe what we've really seen is a delay from Labor Day to the first of the year. And I can tell you, I interface with a lot of clients, interface with a lot of CEOs and talk to them about their plans in general. They believe that getting back to the office in a significant way, not all the way back to where they were before there will be hybrid work going on long into the future. But getting back significantly is in people's plans. And we think that's going to impact our business positively. One thing is, I believe, close to not arguable what we're seeing today is not as good as what we're going to see in the future as it relates to office buildings. We're still significantly impacted by COVID. But as you saw the GAAP between peak leashing performance in the office sector in the third quarter was meaningfully smaller than it was in the second quarter.
Bob Sulentic: I don't think labor challenges are causing problems in terms of launching new contracts. They are causing some challenges in terms of staffing, we and our clients are like everybody else. There's a real war for talent and it's impacting the things we do. What you're seeing on the rebuild of the pipeline and slightly relative downward pressure we've seen on the growth trajectory of the enterprise portion of our outsourcing business is that people have found it difficult to make decisions not knowing what's going to go on with office space. And they found it difficult to make decisions because they aren't in the office together coordinating all the things you need to coordinate to make massive commitments, the way outsourcing contracts require you to make to move forward at the pace we're moving forward before. These commitments that these occupiers are making on these outsourcing contracts can be multi-billion-dollar commitments over years. And so when the teams that are dealing with the strategy and the procurement teams and the C suite aren't in the office interfacing with each other aren't certain about where they're going to go, things slow down. Now we're seeing a market increased -- a significant increase in our pipeline from where we were a year ago, which is indicative of the fact that people are getting back to being able to make these decisions with a little more clarity. But that's really what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline where it was year ago, where it was two years ago and where it is now.
Bob Sulentic: There is a huge amount of capital out there trying to get into the real estate space. And that's particularly true with industrial assets with life sciences, assets, with multifamily assets and even with office assets that are high quality and have the right tendency. So we think this year has been a great year for capital markets for both sales and financing. And we think we're going to have another great year next year. The trajectory on leasing is very positive, the quarter-over-quarter trajectory and compare to peak year is very positive. And so we believe next year will be a good year for leasing. How good it's going to unfold as we go through the fourth quarter. I will tell you that October has been very encouraging.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you again when we report our year end numbers.
Emma Giamartino: So yes, we've put in place $100 million buyback this quarter, but going forward buybacks will be a part of our capital allocation strategy. And we're going to balance it with the remainder of our -- of how we look at we allocate our capital across M&A and organic investments, but it is a part of a programmatic buyback.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely. So I think I'll comment overall on our business, we feel very comfortable that we're well positioned to weather inflationary pressures across our business. I did mention in my remarks that we see a natural hedge within our GWS contracts overall and then we also see a natural hedge in other parts of our business with property management, for example. So within property management, as rents rise, as inflation rises, our revenue in property management also rises. And then, on the transactional side of the business, it tends to benefit from inflation. Given that inflation tends to only happen when the economy is expanding, so across all those businesses, we feel very comfortable that we can weather the inflationary environment. And I will note that the one business that we are monitoring and focused on is our development business. And but what we've seen so far is that the very strong valuations in that business have more than offset any inflationary pressures.
Emma Giamartino: We expect those Hana losses to continue to decline, we've transferred that business over to industrious, and we're still holding some leases, but the occupancy in those leases continues to increase. So as that increases those losses to decline over the next year.
Emma Giamartino: So we're at the point right now, where we're obviously in a very positive net cash position at 0.3 turns. We've generated a record amount of free cash flow over the last 12 months. So we're very happy with our balance sheet position and our free cash flow generation. And we're really taking the time to reassess what our capital allocation strategy is and how we're going to return cash to shareholders. And so we think we're in a really strong position, we're still very focused on looking for avenues to invest in our company, both organically and through M&A where we can drive growth and resiliency. And we're going to do some more work around how we balance that with cash return to shareholders and so I'm not yet ready to speak about it more specifically. But as we continue to evolve our thinking, we'll be sure to be transparent with all of you.
Kristyn Farahmand: And then, hey, Andrew, this is Kristyn, just to jump in for a moment. You're right. The increase in stock compensation expense is basically purely a result of the fact that the financial performance has been so robust.
Kristyn Farahmand: So I don't think we're prepared to throw out a specific number right now. But we feel really good about the leasing trajectory so far during October for the U.S.
Kristyn Farahmand: So, we haven't been more specific than to talk specifically just about U.S. leasing overall. We haven't drilled down into property type, and I don't think we want to get that granular right now. But we did identify the fact that U.S. leasing so far is actually trending above the prior 2019 peaks so far in the month of October.
Kristyn Farahmand: No, you would have to net some overhead against that in some minor continuing Hana losses. We didn't specifically guide to that number. But I think you can probably look at the last few quarters to get an idea.
