Brett White: Thanks, Nick and please turn to slide four. I am glad we have Bob joining our call today. Bob’s well known to most of you. I know you will enjoy interacting with him more regularly as he gears to assume the CEO duty at the end of the year. We are very pleased with our results for the quarter. We grew our topline by double-digits, improved our bottomline by nearly 30% and increased our normalized EBITDA margin by 170 basis points. Our stronger performance reflects a broad well balanced global platform we have built over two decades. One of which strengthens and certain the compliance in markets, compensates weaknesses in others. It also demonstrates our ability to control costs while executing on our growth strategy. Right now the Americas is experiencing the best of all our region. Our permanent position in markets across the U.S. Canada and Latin America has enabled us to sustain double-digit revenue and profit growth despite the lack of meaningful job creation. Asia-Pacific achieved solid growth in the second quarter as well; notwithstanding China’s economic slowdown. As expected, EMEA saw softer results as it continue to fight formidable headwind related to both the Euro zone’s ongoing economic and debt issues and notable negative currency effects. Benefits continue to accrue from our acquisition of the ING REIM businesses last year. We believe that the blending of ING REIM’s professional talent with our own has forged a new industry leader in real estate investment management and have certainly given us an enhanced stream of stable revenue at higher margins than most of our other businesses. The 25% normalized EBITDA margin that this business achieved during the quarter served us particularly well in a choppy market environment and we expect positive contributions from the ING REIM acquisition to continue. Our global outsourcing business continue to make strong gains with double-digit revenue growth for the seventh consecutive quarter. We signed 54 total contracts including 24 with new outsourcing customers, staying a company record for new wins in a quarter. This business continues to exhibit good momentum for reasons we will discuss later. Our capital markets business has also performed well. Although a small component of total company revenue, mortgage brokerage had robust revenue growth of 36% as loan origination volumes and related servicing demand continue to rise. While still a relatively moderate portion of overall revenue, property sales moved higher in all regions paced by the Americas, reflecting generally soft occupier market condition particular in Europe, property leasing edged up slightly on a global basis. The Americas and Asia-Pacific accounted for the increase. While the global market recovery progresses, macro challenges continue to limit it's strength. Nonetheless, CBRE continues to be in an advantageous position. Our unique combination of people, brand and mature global platform gives us the ability to perform well for clients and shareholders and to build market spirit across our spectrum of services. So on here, on slide five, our noble transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter. As usual, I'll not go through them individually, but we've included them for your review. And with that, Gil, I'll turn the call over to you to go through the financial deck.
Brett White: Thanks, Bob and please turn to slide 18. The commercial real estate recovery continues to progress at a historically slow pace relative to prior recoveries with a high degree of inconsistency globally. We are pleased that CBRE continues to perform well and we continue to build our position as a market leader  Our views following the completion of the first half of 2012 are that outsourcing is expected to continue its strong consistent growth trend, leasing growth rates should be relatively modest, investment sales growth will vary widely depending on local and regional market dynamics and finally then investment management will benefit from a full year contribution from the acquired ING REIM businesses. With the first half now behind us, we remain comfortable with our full year normalized EPS guidance at a $1.20 to $1.25 with higher normalized EBITDA margins than in 2011. However given the ongoing uncertainty regarding the global economic picture, we will take a close look at our guidance again at the conclusion of the third quarter which of course is our standard practice. And with that operator, we’ll take now questions.
Brett White: That $50 billion to $60 billion potential tax revenue is an annual figure for the total outsourcing segment. So we believe like this is a very big market as you know. It's a market that’s very difficult to size, but if we extrapolate what we think is out there in terms of total firms that could outsource and all of the services that could be outsourced, you are going to get to a number we think generally in that range.
Brett White: Well, I think you know, first Anthony, if you just observe that the two firms that are doing most of this work are ourselves and our good competitor back east. We both have been reporting very strong growth rates in this business and I think that’s a combination of two things. The first is the market is clearly expanding more quickly or has been expanding more quickly the last three, four years than it has in prior years. So the business is maturing and more and more firms are coming to market with outsourcing contracts. The second dynamic though that greatly supports our firm is the movement of outsourcing work away from niche [boutique] and regional players over to true global firms, and so that trend which has been extinct for quite sometime, as you know Anthony, is a big benefiting dynamic to ourselves and to one other firm in the industry.
Brett White: Right, well I think it's fair to say that Europe is a very unsettled region and it's a region that has not been given the opportunity to take a pause, catch their breath and deal with the trends that are extinct in their market place. There seems to be a new issue as you know Anthony, in Europe, every week, every month. So the market place in Europe is troubled and when you have a market place like that, what tends to happen is people freeze on making decisions around dispositions of real estate, acquisitions of real estate, expanding their business' footprint, contracting their business' footprint. Everybody take the time out until they can digest what is going on in their market place and this market is – Europe market is very dynamic. I don't think anybody in Europe at the moment, we certainly can’t predict with any uncertainty what that marketplace is going to look like a month from now, much less a year from now and until that sort of view is available in the marketplace, until large customers of ours can look forward for a few quarters, may have some comfort around what that marketplace is going to be bring them, this market is going to remain troubled as you saw in the leasing volumes and you saw in the sales volumes. I do want to ask Bob who is on the line to add his commentary to this. Europe reports to Bob and he is much more closer to that situation than I am. Bob what would you like to add to that.
Brett White: And Anthony, I would just add to Bob’s comments into my own. This is a sentiment issue. So at the moment as you know and all of our callers know, capital is very easy to obtain. Businesses if they choose to, can make investments with their own cash or through borrowed funds. This is a sentiment issue and if there is good news or a silver lining around this dark cloud in Europe, it is when sentiment changes, there is an enormous amount of pent-up demand that needs to be satisfied. And we believe that of course this situation will at some point resolve and when it does, we should see some very good performance out of Europe and when that occurs, who knows. 
Brett White: So you know it’s a matter for standard course of business; we are always looking for talent in the industry. There's a normal attrition rate that we have to deal with every year and there's a certain amount of hiring we like to make every year on the competitive side. I think the trend that we spoke about last year remains the same this year, which is there is a clear fundamental dynamic in the industry of high quality talent moving from where we described its kind of a regional or national players over to the global player and that's were the reasons that we referenced earlier on outsourcing growth. There's just more and more the larger high ticket clients are moving to these firms and so therefore so is the talent. I also wanted to ask Bob to comment on this again, Americas reports to Bob and Bob this question is regarding our recruiting this year and whether or not we are seeing good things there or not.
Brett White: Well, there is some that will come at the EBITDA line and some that will come to amortization. In total, I think about 1,500 in each of Q3 and Q4.
Brett White: No they haven’t and just to let me put a final point on your question. If you look at the second quarter in the US which is you talked about US market I will answer on US market. Number of transactions for us in the leasing business was basically flat. The length of lease in the second quarter was basically flat; it was actually down 1%. But the average lease size was actually up 5% for the quarter, so those three dynamics which are the dynamics to give us revenue gives a 7% increase from reported leasing revenue for all product types in the second quarter of 2012 versus second quarter of 2011, that’s a decent number given this current market environment and there is nothing going on in that business that is materially different from what we forecast when we built our guidance for the year.
Brett White: And the square foot was up 5%. The rental rate increase year-over-year I am going to give you a rough number called 2.5% total rental will give you a little bit finer number to that but it’s a rough science. So I think 2.5% for them I would say it could be the right number.
Brett White: What Gill said and I'll just underscore it is that EMEA along with Asia Pacific, Americas and our global business lines are all being mindful on cost. When we talk about taking material cost out, we'll talk about that when we are going to do something that likely fallen to restructuring charge and there is nothing going on in the business right now, that would lead us to talk about that at the moment. But we are watching EMEA carefully obviously as you know, David but I'll look at the other callers I know as well, the cost structures in Europe are different than the Americas and Asia Pacific, and a lot of the cost that you have underpinning your business in Europe is more structural than it is, variable and its hard to get out in this another market. So what tends to happen is it's in the [lack] of it in Europe on the cost side and I think the underscoring point that is important for our callers to understand is that as you saw in our performance for the quarter and for the first half of the year, we are paying a lot of attention to cost. And we are going to continue to pay a lot of attention to cost until these markets are stabilized in growing at a rate that we think indicates a good recovery. Gill, anything you want to add on cost issues in Europe.
Brett White: And maybe David to put another angle on, what you should not expect to see in Europe are large cost increases year-over-year and so in a market like Europe, where you are able to make the biggest impact on cost tends to be on deferring additional expenses of the business rather than say in Americas or Asia Pacific where it's fairly straightforward to reduce tens of millions of dollars of cost very quickly and very easily. That's just not as easy to do in Europe. But yeah, as we mentioned in our script earlier, one of the great benefits of this firm is that we are so highly diversified on product line. We have so many businesses that we benefit from that the firm can absorb issues like Europe right now and still post industry-leading margins and industry-leading profits. That's by design and that allows us to be patient with Europe, not to make draconian cuts to their cost structure because our Europe business is a terrific business and we are very comfortable with where they stand at the moment on their cost side, although we are concerned as Gill said on the revenue side. 
Brett White: Thanks everyone. We are very pleased with our quarter and we look forward to continued good results for the year.
Bob Sulentic: Well first of all, I agree with all of it Brett. I think that’s a very good description of what’s going on. Obviously we saw a different circumstance with investment properties than we did with leasing in the last quarter and I think the explanation for that is in core markets and there certainly are some important core markets there, most notably London. People are going to invest in real estate because they think they can get some yield. It’s so hard to get yield on anything you invest in today that there is going to be investment in core solid properties and we saw some of that. The flip side is for leasing, businesses simply aren’t going to make decisions with this much uncertainty and we saw real pressure in the leasing market. So that’s really the only thing that I would add to what Brett said and generally I agree with the whole description.
Bob Sulentic: Well, I would bifurcate the question into two parts, our absolute recruiting and our net recruiting. In an absolute sense, we've done a good amount of recruiting and in the net sense its been much closer to flat. And the reason for that is that we are upgrading positions around our system in a very strategic way and with that plan in place to get that done, I suspect that that effort is going to play out and you are going to start to see an increase in headcount over the next year or so as we go from replacing some spots where we wanted to upgrade actually adding that headcount.
Bob Sulentic: I would describe it Brandon this way, there is still a concentrated focus on core markets and core real estate. But that having been said there has been an awful lot of money raised in the past 24 months with a value add type hurdle to it and those returns are only available in the secondary and tertiary markets and we are seeing a decent amount of activity in those markets. I discussed with the clients just the other day who bought a very large office asset in Orange County. It was 40% vacant. The yield on that building with the vacancy was north of 7%. That’s a true value-added transaction. They told me they bid against a number of buyers to get that building. So, you know, I would say, as this market continues to season, as it continues to mature, or you hear more and more of those stories and the core focus we’re seeing in the last two years will still be the element of the market but it won't be the only headline story.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, in terms of the fees, we collect fees when we deploy the capital and in terms of exits, we announced the single biggest exit we anticipate for the year which is the non-traded REIT that we were the manager for, where the management has been internalized. So we wouldn’t expect to see anything of major significance like that between now and the end of the year.
Gill Borok: Okay thanks. But, Anthony I think the reason that we highlighted it was, it is quite visible certainly in the Americas and in Asia Pacific as we've had some improvement in transaction revenues and idea was to remind folks that sometimes it does take a little while to see that leverage clearly. We are seeing it very well in Q2 in Americas and Asia Pac. Not as much in Europe, but when you delve with the cost as we do, it certainly is just a situation where revenue is down there and so you not seeing the leverage as much as you might in the other two regions.
Gill Borok: Yeah, I think we actually said it, but it’s slightly south of 40% for the year. You sometimes have the street items in the quarter in any particular quarter that on a quarterly basis can raise it a little bit or lower than little bit, but for the year I expect a little bit under 40%.
Gill Borok: No, I think I've said what I was going to tell reiterated which that again because of the revenue situation there in the quarter and the decrease in leasing in particular, there is no leverage that to (inaudible) like it is in the Americas and Asia Pacific as far as we are paying attention to cost and obviously in all three regions and Europe is the most concerning at the moment given the results, but nothing particular to talk of.
Gill Borok: Yeah, David in isolation that's correct, but if you recall back to when we did our fourth quarter call back in February, and we gave our outlook for 2012 what essentially we said was is we called out certain development gains that -- I think I use the terminology outsized at the time. They were gains that certainly were normal course for development, but then they were those that were outside. And so my comments were around the fact that in the principal businesses, whatever upside there was from investment management, which at the EPS line remember is reduced by things like interest expense, amortization that doesn’t get normalized and so forth. When you look at the net income or EPS line, whatever favorability we had would more or less be offset by absence of development gains. And so that's how I think you ought to -- at this point, I still would affirm that's how you ought to think about the fourth quarter and the year, so that the upside and the expansion in margin will come from the services business which is exactly how we ended up when we gave the outlook at the beginning of the year.
Gill Borok: Yes, it was announced and I forget the exact time. I think it was probably late May or early June and I just say that there is no single fund in the US or no single venture in the US that is going to impact the fees, fees for assets under management in a material way and the business of this size. You might get a little more of that in Europe where those core funds, the fees are based in large part on market valuations, but again core funds don’t fluctuate the way a value add does. So short answer, I guess is no, we don’t expect a material impact.
