Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Gil, and thanks also to our 44,000 CBRE professionals around the world. Their focused commitment to our clients and dedication to excellence produced a banner year of growth and market share gains, as well as strong returns for our shareholders in 2013.  As the market continues a slow but steady recovery, we look ahead to 2014 with enthusiasm. We have good momentum in most of our businesses, and global market sentiment is generally more positive than it's been for several years. Our outlook is further buoyed by signs of firmer economic growth in the U.S. and Europe's emergence from a long slump. While we remain conscious of continuing challenges, particularly slowing economic growth in Asia-Pacific and recent anxieties over emerging market currencies, we believe 2014 will be another year of solid growth for CBRE. Our property sales business is expected to grow at a double-digit pace, benefiting from a continued influx of capital in the real estate and particularly an expansion of activity in the secondary markets. Interest rates remain attractive, and the market has already priced in modestly higher rates as the U.S. Federal Reserve continues to gradually withdraw monetary stimulus. Our occupier outsourcing business is poised for continued double-digit growth before taking into account the Norland's acquisition, as the appetite for outsourcing reaches into new corners of the economy. Vertical markets like health care and the public sector and specialty niches like critical environments, as well as oversea markets, present fertile growth -- fertile ground for growth. The addition of Norland will expand and accelerate these activities in Europe. Over the past few quarters, our leasing business has demonstrated an ability to grow without much help from the macro environment. In 2014, we look to benefit from some market lift as we further advance our strategic plan to increase market share, and we expect mid-to high single-digit growth in this business. For GSE loan origination activity, our current assumption is that volumes will be similar to 2013, although the regulatory limits, if any, for this year have yet to be announced. Please turn to Slide 20. Looking at our business overall, we expect our real estate services business globally to produce double-digit normalized EBITDA growth, even before contributions from Norland. Our combined principal businesses, Global Investment Management and Development Services, will likely perform in line with 2013, excluding carried interest. We started 2013 with an expectation of approximately $55 million of carried interest for the year and $40 million of carried interest for 2014. Approximately $30 million of the latter $40 million was actually realized in 2013. Consequently, we expect relatively little carried interest for this year. Finally, the benefit of lower interest expense will be largely offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Even with relatively little carried interest and continued investments in growth, particularly in brokerage recruiting, we expect to achieve earnings per share as adjusted in the range of $1.55 to $1.60 for 2014, implying a growth rate of 10% at the midpoint of this range. We have not historically commented on the percentage distribution of our earnings by quarter. However, it has been quite consistent over the last 4 years, with an average of 15% in the first quarter, 23% in the second and third quarters and 39% in the fourth quarter. We expect 2014 to be similar, except that the shallow margin in Q1 may be disproportionately impacted by recruiting-related expenses. And the pullback in GSE lending, which did not occur until the third quarter of 2013, will impact the first and second quarters compare. Thus, we estimate that our earnings distribution in 2014 will be weighted slightly to the second half of the year relative to recent years. Quarter-to-quarter fluctuations should not be considered an indication of performance for the year. With that, operator, we'll take questions. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Well, Anthony, this is Bob. We actually are expecting to see good growth in leasing next year. Not as healthy as the growth we're going to see in investment properties but very good growth in leasing, and we think it will be in the mid to high single digits. 
Robert Sulentic: We had pretty extraordinary performance in leasing the last couple of quarters. We took a lot of market share. We'd love to see that happen again next year. Our plan doesn't assume that it will be that aggressive. But if you look at our leasing performance in 2013 versus the market, it was pretty exceptional. We're expecting next year to get a little lift from the market and to take a little market share, but we're not planning that the amount of market share we'll take will be as extreme as it was this year. 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Well, there are a number of things that go into the EBITDA that you generate in that business. One of them is the placement of new capital and the fees associated with that. But keep in mind, the in-place amount of AUM in that business is down from where it was a year ago. So the fees associated with that in-place base are going to be down a little bit, and we're going to build that base up over the course of the year. So that's essentially what we're reflecting there. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. It's a great question, and there's a couple of things going on in that cost of services that you saw go up related to the brokerage business. One is we did have a very big year in recruiting last year, and the costs related to that recruiting hits the cost of services on our brokerage business. So that was one of the pieces. The other thing that went on last year was that the gateway markets around the world, where the markets where we saw really pronounced activity in investment sales but also in leasing, those markets are typically characterized by very high-powered brokers. And I'm talking about markets here in the U.S. like New York, Chicago, L.A., Houston, but also international markets like London, which is obviously a very, very prominent market. Tokyo, where we have a very -- actually a disproportionate share of our Asia-Pacific business, and then in markets like Sydney and Melbourne in Australia. The big brokers, the senior brokers dominated in those markets the last couple of years. That certainly was the case for us. It had a bit of an upward impact on our cost of services along with the recruiting. We don't think that's going to accelerate particularly next year but we don't expect to see any relief in that regard either 
Robert Sulentic: I don't know that we'll have the same degree of new recruits in '14 as we had in '13. It's certainly a high priority. We really ended up with an unusual amount of success, and it wasn't just the U.S. We really had a lot of success in EMEA and in the United States. It was spread between both of them. By the way, you'll see that start to come into our numbers in the second half of '14 because as you know, when brokers transition in, the first part of their tenure with you, a lot of those revenues are owed to the company they came from. You'll see a good year for us in brokerage recruiting this year. I don't know that it will be as hefty as last year. By the way, as we said in our prepared remarks last year, we don't have great records if you get back 6 or 7 or 8 years, but we are fairly confident that was a, by a nice margin, our biggest year in a decade. So we don't have to repeat what we did last year to have a very good year. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. We think that could show up this year. But a big, big, diminution from last year because that $30 million pull-forward was very real. 
Robert Sulentic: Yes. With regard to acquisitions, we come at that in 2 ways. We have a very well-developed now corporate development capability, people that are trained to do acquisitions, underwrite acquisitions, negotiate acquisitions. And that capability is more significant than we've ever had – or certainly than we've had in many years. In addition to that, we have our businesses around the world, our local business units trained to seek out and underwrite acquisitions and kind of do the front-end part of that, all regions of the world. So we come at that from both directions. So what we expect is, on a regular basis, for opportunities to bubble up from around the world from our geographies. We've seen a lot of that bubbling up in the U.S. and in EMEA in the last year or so. In Asia-Pacific, what we've seen is opportunities with our network of affiliates that we already know very well and have thoroughly underwritten just through our work with them. We don't expect that trend to change much in 2014. We expect to see similar things. We expect to see a good number of opportunities. One thing that has been added to the mix in the last year is our Global Corporate Services business or our occupier outsourcing business has gotten to a scale where we're seeing opportunities directly through it. And you saw KLMK last year; obviously, Norland last year. We are continuing to see those kind of opportunity. So I think that will be spread among those areas again this year, kind of as it was last year. And we're seeing good opportunities in terms of being financially accretive and good opportunities in terms of being a solid, strategic fit. There's a second kind of broadly defined acquisition we do, that everybody that follows us is very familiar with, and that's the big strategic acquisitions. And there's been a handful of them in the last 12 or 13 years. There was Insignia, there was Trammell Crow Company, there was ING. And then last year, there was Norland. Those tend to come along every few years. You can never be sure exactly where they will come from. We expect they will still come along every few years, and we have our eyes out for those. But those things don't happen every year or every other year typically. 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. In 2013, we had planned to generate carried interest in the $75 million to $80 million range. The carried interest we actually experienced... 
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Oh, I'm sorry, I gave you the amount we did. We expect it to generate around $55 million for the whole year, we ended up generating around $85 million. I went on it backwards. So we ended up generating about $30 million more than we expected during the year. That was dollar for dollar pulled forward from 2014. So what would have otherwise -- so you might say our profitability was bolstered in 2013 by that amount and diminished in 2014 by that amount. Now there's another thing that's really important to note, you'll say, "Well, where did that show up in our earnings in 2013?" Our earnings played out for the year very much as we expected, very much as we expected. As you know, we gave you a range of $1.40 to $1.45 and we ended up $1.43. What offset that incremental $30 million of carried that we experienced in 2013 was $43 million of the following, and these are very exact numbers because they came on us in a very real way: number one, we had legal and insurance costs, mostly loaded in the fourth quarter; and number two, we had this decline in OMSRs, which went straight to the bottom line on EBITDA, which added up between them to be $43 million more than we experienced in those items. We have a $43 million detrimental impact on our EBITDA line versus a year earlier. By the way, all of that lost EBITDA was in our services business and all of the gained EBITDA from carry was obviously in our principal businesses. So you can look at that and very directly see the impact that it had on last year's earnings and how we should expect that to play out in terms of an impact on this year's earnings. 
Robert Sulentic: X Norland and x our principal businesses, David. So take them out of the mix and look at the rest of our services businesses globally, we expect those margins to expand slightly. 
Gil Borok: Anthony, sorry for the -- if it was confusing but what the statement said was that we would have 10%-plus double-digit growth in our service business before Norland. Service business, not the total business. And then Norland would be incremental. So it was not a commentary on the entire company but on the service business. 
Gil Borok: That way I would answer that is we don't typically and won't comment on in-fill contributions. We view that combined with organic. So we've not traditionally done that because we look at growth through in-fills and organic. But on Norland, we have commented before in terms of the contribution that it was about a $600 million, $700 million revenue base, and it would be -- have margins consistent with our FM, our facilities management business, which is our stickiest revenue business but also a lower margin business, where it's in that 7% range. So you can do the math from there. 
Gil Borok: Brandon, it's Gil. In terms of the cost structure, other than our normal prudent cost management, we haven't taken any other actions. And the reason is because most of the impact, which, of course, is caused by a reduction in the GSE lending, is an accounting anomaly, right? Most of the results of the upfront recognition of the asset and related gain, that slows as production flows. So it's more that than, for example, servicing fees or loan origination fees, which are healthy. So to answer that question, the answer is no and, again, reiterating that it's an accounting impact, that's more of the impact than anything else. And then with regard to the pacing, just to be clear, obviously, if it stays flat and we don't have, as Bob said in his remarks, we don't know exactly what's going to happen. So our working assumption is flat in -- for the full year '14 versus the full year '13.  But if that is the case, the impacts will be slow. So Q1 and Q2 of '13 will be higher than Q1, Q2 of '14, and then it'll be more in line in the back half of the year because the reduction came in Q3 '13. 
Gil Borok: Yes. It's along the same lines. We will -- our spend is in 2 areas: technology and facilities. And that's exactly what we're expecting. We may see a bit of a shift as we move -- as industry moves more towards software-as-a-service and so forth. We may see some shift from CapEx, I think, it's depreciated to P&L more front-end loaded that it's not material, but we do see a bit of a trend shift in that regard. But the categories are facilities and IT. 
Gil Borok: Yes. I understand the question you're asking. You're asking what would be the negative impact in the first half. We're not going to comment on that specifically publicly, but you can assume that there's not a back-end loading necessarily of the OMSR gains the way there would be, let's say, in our brokerage business. So it's not quite ratable, but it's more ratable than the brokerage business. So you would have in essence potentially inverse effect in Q1 and Q2. But again, I caution, David, that we just don't know the guidance for '14. And so we're no better off than you are in terms of trying to predict this because we just -- we've got a working assumption. 
Gil Borok: The way I would approach this, I would -- and you're right, that does come through equity, earnings and gains, the gain line in the P&L. More or less what drives the year-over-year difference is the gains that would come below the revenue line. What's in revenue is more recurring development service fees. I mean, there are some incentive fees. But materially, just look at the year-over-year diminution, and that will more or less give you directionally what the reduced gains are in '13 versus '12. 
Gil Borok: Well, yes, what we said, Anthony, was that if you exclude carried interest, you have the earnings for the Investment Management business for the full year '13. You have the earnings for the development business for full year '13. And we've said relatively flat for those 2 businesses. I don't want to get into one or the other. But if you're modeling the 2 principal businesses, we'll be relatively flat x the impact of carried interest, which we've talked about $86 million and $10 million. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then I was a little bit surprised by the leasing outlook. I guess, what's the drag on that business? Because it seemed like the last couple of quarters that growth has bumped up a little bit. 
Anthony Paolone: But what -- it seems to be coming down a little bit from maybe the last couple of quarters -- this last couple of quarters. Is there a bit of a bounce? Or... 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And just last question on Investment Management. It seems like you're expecting flattish there x the carry. But yes, you talked about pretty good inflows it seems and raising new capital, and also kind of ties with your optimism on investment sales where you talked about a lot of money being moved into real estate. So I'm just wondering why that's not perhaps up. 
