Alexander Kramm: Yes. You made those comments on inflation, and I didn't look at the slides that you had from your research group. But I think, on balance, you think inflation is positive. Does that include rate hikes as they're obviously forecasted now to happen? Maybe you can specifically talk about rates. You have a very diversified business, so kind of hard to think through where rate increases may hit you. So maybe a little bit more detail on that would be helpful.
Alexander Kramm: Okay. And sorry, on the advisory side, what's the right base to use for the margin -- flat margin comment? Sorry, just I don't know if you answered that.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. Just could I squeeze in a couple of follow-ups? It should be quick. Just on your medium-term outlook, I think you previously had caveated that with -- does not include a return to office, and maybe that's a couple of quarters ago. But is office embedded in that now? Or what is embedded in terms of office in your updated guidance? So yes, any color would be helpful.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So we've based our outlook based on what our in-house economist believe will happen in terms of inflation and rate hikes over the next year. And his view is that inflation will moderate through 2022 and 2023, and the federal -- and we'll do a similar number of hikes as the market is projecting to manage that inflation. And so we've incorporated that outlook into our guidance. As we said, we think we have -- we know that we have a number of inflation hedges throughout our business, but there are areas where we know inflation will impact us. And so there are 2 main areas where we've incorporated that. For the half of our global employee base that is not reimbursed by clients, we have factored in wage inflation. And then for our relevant business lines that may be impacted by cap rates, we've assumed some moderation in cap rates throughout the year. And that may be a conservative assumption going forward. And then I do want to say that our outlook does not contemplate the uncertainty and impacts from the geopolitical tensions that are rising throughout the world.
Emma Giamartino: So throughout our businesses throughout all 3 lines of business, we are investing more to drive incremental growth in future periods. So across all 3 business lines, we're investing about $300 million in OpEx, and those investments are for areas like increasing our capabilities and to serve our clients in GWS, for example, expanding into smart buildings; in advisory, where we are increasing our consulting group to drive future growth. And in REI, we're launching new products in life sciences and infrastructure, which is requiring some investment in 2022. And then you mentioned the 1%. Our margin expectations for this year also include strategic equity grants that we are putting in place to help align a broader set of our leadership team across advisory and GWS, and that's about a $22 million SOP impact across those 2 segments.
Emma Giamartino: No, it's the former. It's -- that $300 million of investments is embedded in our outlook for this year. And without that investment, our EPS growth would be significantly higher, but we believe those investments are important to drive future growth.
Emma Giamartino: So those are ongoing investments that we continue to execute in our business as we're trying to drive incremental growth in the future with new capabilities across our lines of business. I threw out a couple of examples earlier. And one thing to note is that in 2021, we invested in our business, and we set out to invest to drive growth at the beginning of the year based on the revenue that we anticipated hitting throughout 2021. If we had known revenue would have accelerated the way it did in the latter half of 2021, we would have invested more in OpEx in 2021 than we did. And so you're seeing some of the margin expansion in 2021 as a result of that. So we weren't able to get our investments up to where we would have if we could have anticipated the growth.
Emma Giamartino: We have a modest level of repurchases embedded in our outlook, but not the entirety of it. And the way we look at our programmatic repurchase program is we use it as a balance to optimize our return to shareholders. So if we see a really strong M&A pipeline, which we do, I mean we execute some of those larger deals, we'll pull back on our repurchases throughout the year. So we're really using it as a lever. So in that outlook, you're seeing a small level of repurchases. You're also seeing a very low level of M&A. And so any of those uses of capital will be incremental to our growth.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. Lease terms have picked up slightly and continuously throughout 2021. I think new lease terms are up 1%, and renewals are up 4%, but they haven't materially moved. So new lease terms are about 6 years, and renewal terms are at about 4 years.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. This is an important clarification. It was not a change to split. It's that as producers do more volume, they enter into a higher tranche of splits. And so as they did more volume in Q4, they entered more, producers, than usual, entered into the higher tranche of splits. So no change to what those tranches are, what the splits are.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Jade, this is Bob. We have significant efforts underway to grow all of our lines of business in all 3 segments of the company. And the debt business has grown nicely over the last several years. We expect it to continue to grow. Obviously, the sales numbers that you heard for 2021 and specifically the fourth quarter of the year were the subject of us taking market share in a market that was very strong, and that's what you're seeing in those big numbers.
Robert Sulentic: Well, the fact of the matter is, Jade, some of the biggest news related to Russia and Ukraine has unfolded over the last 24 hours, and everybody is watching that and concerned about that. And everybody is concerned about what the impact might be on the global economy. And when I say everybody, everybody in our sector, but everybody pretty much in every sector. The thing that shouldn't be lost in all of this, though, and we talked a lot about it here today, and we've talked about it the last few quarters, we have built a business that is really well diversified across those 4 dimensions: asset type, client type, service type and geography. And there is a massive amount of commercial real estate around the world that is going to be used in various places depending on what's going on and in various types of assets and services. And because we have a broad footprint across all those dimensions, we're able to push our resources, our management time, our M&A focus, our capital into the areas that we think are most benefited secularly at any given point in time. That's come across in our results the last couple of years. It clearly came across in our results for 2021. So irregardless of what happens geopolitically, irregardless of what happens in the economy, we are much better positioned than we have been historically and relatively well positioned to other companies in our sector and other companies across business. And you saw what played out for CBRE relative to the S&P 500 in the wake of COVID-19. So I think there's real risk out there geopolitically, but I think we're well positioned to withstand whatever the economy brings in our direction.
Robert Sulentic: Well, infrastructure is relevant to us today in 2 big areas. Number one, Turner & Townsend. Turner & Townsend does a lot of infrastructure work in a variety of industries and for governments around the world, and so we expect that to grow over time. We expect that to grow with Turner & Townsend, who's growing very, very nicely in that area. The second place is we have a relatively small but growing infrastructure Investment Management business. As that business grows, either organically or through acquisitions, we expect that it'll touch those other client sources or those other investment opportunities beyond commercial real estate. In fact, it is a separate asset from commercial real estate. It's a real asset class, but it's a separate asset class. And the projected growth for it over the next decade is enormous, as you know.
Robert Sulentic: We have that today with Turner & Townsend and Investment Management, and we expect it to grow significantly. So yes.
Robert Sulentic: And growing. The other thing about that, Jade, and we get that question with regard to our own business. And the answer is not as clean as we would all maybe like it to be when we're answering the question, right? So we have products or services that are directly attentive to green energy, consulting work we do, project work we do. But our green energy work, our environmental work is embedded across our business. It's in our development business, in the nature of the buildings we design and develop. It's in our property management business. It's in our project management business. It's in our Facilities Management business. It's hugely embedded in our -- this massive supply chain we have. So when you look at a company like Turner & Townsend or you look at the work we do, there's direct specific sustainability work, but then it's -- we create advantages for our clients and growth momentum for ourselves due to sustainability-related work we do across all those services.
Robert Sulentic: Steve, we really look across all 3 of our segments for opportunities to expand our offering to our clients and grow the business. And of course, strategically, we have particular areas that we're more focused on than others. We don't talk about those publicly until we do a deal because we consider proprietary information. But I will tell you that we have a very rigorous program that is run between our -- the leadership of our 3 segments and Emma's corporate development team, where we identify specific areas in each of the 3 segments of the business that we think are particularly well suited to grow through M&A. And some of that M&A is infill M&A, and some of that M&A is more transformational. We also -- we have our eye on a number of what we call sponsorship opportunities that would be consistent with what we did with Turner & Townsend or Industrious, where we think we can buy a portion of a company, have them help us in the way we serve our clients and help them supercharge their growth in the way we bring them into our orbit, so to speak, to serve the clients we have. So all of those things are part of our M&A strategy. It's broad. It comes to small deals and large deals, and you should expect to see significant use of capital going forward to further grow the business through M&A.
Robert Sulentic: Matt, large leasing deals have picked up on the office side, but they haven't -- we're not back to where we were pre-pandemic. Of course, large leasing deals in industrial have been unlike anything we've seen historically. And in the absence system, supply constraint, we would expect large leases on the industrial side to continue.
Robert Sulentic: Alex, we've embedded assumptions about return to the office in our guidance, and they're slightly more conservative than they were in the prior couple of quarters. There's just a lot of uncertainty, and we see it all over the place with companies trying to figure out and employees trying to figure out the degree to which they'll go back to the office. So we think that the return to the office is going to be slightly less than we would have thought 90 days ago or 180 days ago, and that's embedded in our numbers. We also think, though, that there's other things that are going on as a result of the way people are looking at their office space usage that are going to help our business, significant opportunity in project management. We continue to be there -- I believe there's going to be significant opportunity in the flex space arena where we've invested in Industrious. And our big clients all over the world are telling us that. And all of those assumptions are embedded in what we've modeled for our business.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we'll speak with you again at the end of the first quarter when we give the results for that period.
