Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Leah. As we enter the final months of 2019, we are looking ahead to 2020 with cautious optimism. Commercial real estate and macroeconomic fundamentals remain favorable, particularly in the Americas, our largest region. Our diversified business and geographic mix position CBRE to continue thriving, despite ongoing trade and geopolitical uncertainties. We also believe that our industry-leading service offering, scale and ongoing platform investments give us distinct competitive advantages. Our people are energized and their engagement levels have never been higher. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Josh, we are not being impacted in a major way by opportunity zones. I think, they'll continue to be out there, there'll continue to be an opportunity. There's a lot of political pressure around those of different kinds. But, that has not had a major impact on our business, we don't think it will, going forward. Our development business is in very good shape in terms of the pipelines we have, in terms of the exit cap rates we expect, rental rates, et cetera. Telford, early signs are that their ability to secure new opportunities is going to be at least as good as we thought it was when we underwrote that acquisition. Our teams over there are now just getting going with Telford, and a lot to be learned on that business, but we're quite encouraged about it.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. So, Ryan, I would say that what's happened with WeWork has had an impact on our Hana strategy that I would characterize as tactical, but it has not had impact on the overall strategy. So, in the short run, we're seeing some incremental inquiries from occupiers of Hana. We're seeing some incremental inquiries from landlords that are considering going in our direction that maybe weren't before. But, in the long run, as Leah said, we see this coworking or flexible space market opportunity the way we saw before, it's roughly 2% of the multi-tenant space around the world today. We continue to think it will go to as much as 10%. Our belief in that direction is driven by the work we've done with our occupiers around the world. We know that they expect a percentage of their occupancy in the future to be in this type of space, and we think that's good. Our strategy for Hana is to start to carefully build a footprint with a bit more capital intensive model, i.e., more investment, more leases, and over time likely move to a model where we manage space -- coworking space that's owned by the landlords themselves. Our hypothesis is that over time landlords are going to want a coworking space in their buildings because they believe their tenants are going to want it. They're likely going to want to control it because they want to control the tenancy. They view themselves as owning a lot of the downside. So, they want to own the upside, and we are positioning Hana to move in that direction, if that's the direction the market moves. Nothing about our results with Hana in the short run have been impacted in any meaningful way relative to what we thought they would be.
Bob Sulentic: Leasing is strong. It's only not strong when you compare it to what happened last year. So, when you look at our combined GWS business and our agency business in the U.S., 7% growth this year on top of almost 20% growth a year ago. That's a healthy leasing market. But, the growth we said a year ago when we were talking about that kind of growth and we were asked will it sustain? Well, we never thought we were going to be able to sustain 20% growth. But, it's a healthy leasing market. A lot of it is being driven by tech companies, but it's very balanced. It's being driven by distribution space users. It's being driven by financial services companies, manufacturing companies, et cetera. We expect leasing to be strong in the fourth quarter. We don't expect it to grow the way it did a year ago. And we expect next year the economy be a little slower than it is this year, but some decent growth, and we expect our leasing business to continue to be solid.
Bob Sulentic: A few ways, Mitch. It's more oriented towards enterprise users than some of the other alternatives out there, i.e., teams of people rather than a membership format. It's, as a result, more institutional quality, better build out, better data security, et cetera. It's got similar amenities in terms of food and beverage and so forth. And again, I can't stress enough. We're in the door working for a high percentage of the big occupiers around the world, doing all kinds of flexible space work for them inside their spaces. We know what they want. We know they want a portion of their portfolio in this flex space format. If you look at what went on with occupiers historically, they basically said we're going to own some of our space, we're going to lease some of our space on a traditional basis, and we'll -- on the very margin, we'll do a little bit of coworking. Well, that's changed. They think that coworking is going to be a material piece of their portfolio of occupancy going forward, and we've oriented our Hana concept to be consistent with that.
Bob Sulentic: Well, again, everything we've done in the coworking arena with Hana, has been driven by our direct work with our clients on the occupier side and our clients on the investors side. And when we've triangulated around the opportunities that were available, looking at those two groups, those are the markets we've ended up in. By the way, there'll be -- by the end of next year, there'll be a number of other markets that we have Hana is up and running again in. There are some of them that we're very close on that -- we're not in a position to talk about.
Bob Sulentic: It was neither. We had done a bunch of strategy work around our Real Estate Investment business. The same kind of strategy work we did several years ago that ended up taking -- causing Bill Concannon and our GWS team to target Norland. We had some things we wanted to get done with that Real Estate Investment business strategically. And one of them was to grow our development opportunity and position ourselves to do some things outside the U.S. Our Trammell Crow Company leadership team targeted those kinds of businesses. And after a search of the companies that might be a good fit for us and after some opportunistic pricing movement driven by Brexit, they zeroed in on Telford -- built a relationship with the Telford team, and we thought that team was exceptional. We also thought that team was very much in the way of a secular trend. And that effort led to the acquisition of Telford.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Ryan, let me first tell you exactly what we're trying to get done with technology in our business now. Everything we're doing with our what we call our digital and technology strategy, has emanated from building a strong team that can first create an excellent infrastructure base for us, data security, all of our -- the basic things we use to run our business. Chandra Dhandapani and her team came in and they've gotten that done. They've turned their attention along with our market-facing business leaders to what we call enablement technology, tools that our professionals use to secure business and deliver business to our clients. There is a large suite of tools spread across all our lines of business that they're working on. We have very specific adoption metrics for all the key tools we're using, and we're tracking adoption against those metrics. In many, many cases, we're satisfied with adoption, in other cases, we're trying to push adoption up. But, there is a ton of focus on that in our business, and there'll continue to be a ton of focus on that. We don't talk externally about what those specific metrics are, except where we consider that to be proprietary. But, that's where our focus is now. We're shifting more and more of our spend to enablement tools. And you should expect that trend to continue. And we're in the budgeting process now going through all kinds of efforts jointly between our D&T team and our field people to figure out exactly which tools we're going to invest in 2020. And Leah, you may want to comment on financial aspects of that.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone. And we look forward to talking to you in about three months when we review our year-end results.
Leah Stearns: Sure. Anthony, it's Leah. I would say from evaluation perspective, we looked at Telford on a cash flow basis. We believe, we paid about 10 times cash flow for that business. And given the recognition of revenue under GAAP, you may see that coming in more of a similar fashion to what you see within our development business today. So, we would expect about a portion -- about 50% of what you would see in cash, come through in GAAP, at least for the first year of our ownership of Telford. So, we'll see a modest uptick in the fourth quarter, but we'll provide more guidance around the 2020 expectations for Telford on the February call.
Leah Stearns: So, we've provided guidance out to EPS, which implies double-digit low-teens growth in the fourth quarter. We're not going to speak specifically to expectations around leasing. But, we do expect -- obviously, there was a much tougher comp in Q3 and that trend will not go away in Q4.
Leah Stearns: Sure. So, when we underwrite transactions in GWS, we have expectations of a glide path in terms of reduction in cost. And we account for that and how we think about pricing within those agreements. In some cases, in Europe, in a few cases and they’re isolated, we've actually gone in and we're bringing a new talent to run those accounts, given the fact that we haven't been able to achieve the cost savings that we have expected. And so, we expect to remediate that in the fourth quarter and well into 2020 as well.
Leah Stearns: Hi, Jason. I would say, it's actually neither of those two. It's really about thinking about capital allocation in a broader context. Given where we are with respect to our leverage, the fact that we are migrating down to the very low end of our overall leverage range, I think, it's prudent for us to approach it in a more programmatic fashion. We still have a nice bucket of the authorization that we can use in an opportunistic fashion to that extent that we do see dislocation in the market. We do believe that we're buying shares back at an attractive value. But it's more about offsetting the equity dilution, for example, from our stock compensation program. And we'll use that remaining authorization for opportunistic periods of time, where we do see the shares under pressure. But, I think, you'll see us be more programmatic, at least at a minimum level within the buyback in the future.
Leah Stearns: I’d say, there's two pieces to that. One, we did see credit really from all sources. So, it was banks, lifecos [ph] debt funds and the GSEs. So, I would say it was a balanced mix. We clearly have been watching reform on the GSE side. And so, part of our growth this year has been to further diversify that business, not necessarily away from the GSEs, but to add additional quality contract and client accounts to that. So, from our perspective, it wasn't specifically because the GSEs were down, it was just a concerted effort across our commercial mortgage origination teams to go out and further diversify that client base.
Leah Stearns: I agree with that. I mean, we've certainly been monitoring this process since the beginning of the year. Multifamily is really where we play with the GSEs. And so, that is a very profitable pursuit for them. We'd expect that to continue to be in place, post any future reform measures. But, we certainly do believe that there has been positive movement with respect to the published caps. And so, we're positively -- we're pleased with how that's come out year-to-date. And again, we are also looking at expanding the work that we do with private operators. So, we think that that's also positive.
Leah Stearns: Sure. I'll touch on that. I mean, from a GWS perspective, we saw really nice growth across our facilities management and their transaction and advisory component of that segment. We are seeing accounts in terms of those that are signing up for the full suite, so facilities, project management, and transactions pick up. And that was certainly helped by the Novartis signing in the third quarter. So, in terms of other areas for growth, I mean, we did have strong growth across -- from a geographic perspective, across the U.S., EMEA, and APAC. But, I would say, from a margin perspective, we are seeing really nice performance in the Americas. With respect to different sectors, we do have, and I think this is a unique differentiation for CBRE, we do have a very strong position as it relates to the data center services that we provide. And we are building out capabilities that are specialized for sectors like healthcare and pharmaceutical, which you see in the pursuit with Novartis playing out to our favor. So, I think there's certainly a lot of differentiation that comes along with the approach that CBRE has taken as it relates to our GWS segment. And we think that we ultimately can provide really outstanding results for our clients that are unmatched by others in this space. And those are for very high quality clients as well, large enterprise investment grade.
Leah Stearns: I think that they're not necessarily. I mean, certainly we continue to watch the growth of that segment. We've had tremendous growth. And I think that certainly bringing on the Novartis was another very large win for us. I don't see that employment or the labor availability necessarily as being a limitation because most of that is really rebadging of employees, it's not necessarily us going out and finding folks to cover that.
Leah Stearns: No. I would say that's fair. I would just say a lot of the Real Estate Investments change is driven by timing. It's just not market changes that we're seeing around the development portfolio that we have in place. For example, one industrial project that we have, it's fully leased, but the triggering event for the recognition isn't until the tenants move in, and that won't happen until next year. And then, we have a multifamily project that is scheduled to close and the buyer had a 30-day option extension, they exercise that. But, we fully expect that will close in Q4. So, these aren't fundamental drivers of change in terms of how we view cap rates or these assets transacting with respect to their cap rates. So, I feel good about the Real Estate Investments business. And I'd say, leasing and certainly the benefit from Telford and our capital markets business and GWS altogether will make up for that shift really in timing for those development projects.
Leah Stearns: I’d just say, about half of the capital expenditures that we've spent in 2019 or will spend in 2019 is really focused on that enablement spend. And we really drive investments through that part of our capital expenditure program to ensure that we are maximizing both, the utility that we get from a technology for our clients and our producers, but also drive efficiency through the business. So, there are things like robotics and workflow automation that are also benefiting the business. We also have solutions like Host that we're investing in to enhance the experience, services that we provide for our occupier clients and investor clients. And then, I would just say, we've also invested from a M&A perspective into companies like FacilitySource that are enhancing our ability to win large GWS transactions and pursuit. So, I think, it's hard to wrap an entire metric around that. But, we certainly internally do track the attachment that we have to all of the different components, whether it's Host on the experience services side, FacilitySource for GWS, or the usage of technology and adoption of it throughout the business.
Leah Stearns: It really depends on the types of products or services that they're signing up for. We do have slightly higher margin profiles on -- for example, on some of the transaction activity that we manage within GWS than say one-off transactions in advisory. And, it really again depends on the contract type that we're agreeing to with the client. But, I believe, as we all do, as we increase the number of services that we provide, there is a greater connectivity and stickiness of that client as we serve them on a broader basis. So, I certainly think that there is a benefit, not just on the margin side but certainly also on the relationship side.
Leah Stearns: In terms of advisory sales in EMEA, that is something that there has been softness around. We began to see that, I'd say, a quarter or two ago. But, I think overall performance in terms of CBRE relative to the broader market, I think, we've actually done fairly well. We had a reasonably okay quarter, given the uncertainty that the market saw with Brexit. The Continent has also been down slightly, about down 5% I think in local currency. The strength on the continent has been really in France and Italy with other markets being a bit softer.
Ryan Tomasello: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then, just on the broader leasing environment, setting aside that 4Q will clearly be a tougher comp, like you mentioned, just hoping to get your broader thoughts on the outlook for that business. What are you seeing in terms of demand for space overall? Do you expect that demand will continue to be driven by some of these industries you've called out, like technology, financial services, and I guess, still coworking considering that's a trend that you believe in? Just curious overall what you're hearing from occupiers in the leasing environment.
Ryan Tomasello: And then, just one last one, if I could. Just on 2020 guidance, I believe last year for 2019, you gave guidance at your Investor Day, and please correct me if I'm remembering that incorrectly. Just wondering if you can say when you plan to give guidance for 2020 this year.
Ryan Tomasello: Hi, everyone. Ryan, again. Thanks for taking the follow-up. A few of your peers have made some recent announcements with respect to their technology strategies. So, Bob, I was just hoping you can provide us with your updated thoughts on CBRE's tech initiatives as it relates to both, internal investment and M&A. And, I was wondering if you had any specific metrics you can potentially share with respect to perhaps margin benefit or maybe percentage of clients or producers that are utilizing CBRE's proprietary technology or the amount of revenue that you're generating from some of these specific initiatives that you've called out in the past.
