RobertSulentic: Yes. Tony in the short-term tenants are definitively trying to make short-term decisions, given all the uncertainty that everybody is faced with what we have learned and we have confidence about is the following. And we have spent a lot of time, we surveyed our big clients that everybody knows the number of clients we have relationships with. So this is what we know. There will be more flexibility to do hybrid working going forward. There will be more work-from -home. There will also be a big focus on the office on an enduring basis. Something like 80% of the big clients we surveyed said that the office will be as important or almost as important as it was historically. And by the way, that answer came in the midst of the COVID crisis and all that goes with COVID crisis. The other thing we know is that space will be de densified. And so the net, net of what will happen is, yes, there will be more work-from-home, there will be less people in the office, but almost everybody will be back in the office in a less dense format. That is what will play out in the long run, in the short run people are trying to avoid making decisions till they have more clarity on what is going to happen with COVID-19.
RobertSulentic: We have seen some of our big occupier clients try to figure out whether or not satellite formats are going to work for them. Almost nobody has made a definitive decision to move in that direction. And again, I think this is the circumstance we are in now, people are really trying to figure out how this is all going to play out before they make definitive decisions. But there isn't a lot of evidence yet that that satellite model is going to be prominent.
RobertSulentic: Yes. I think the bottom line is everybody is trying to not make long-term decisions now, when they are generally want to make short-term decisions, by the way, they are not making long-term decisions to give up or take space either direction.
RobertSulentic: There hasn't been enough big deal gateway transactions to draw conclusions in that regard. I mean, literally we are in an environment where people are in the wait and see mode. Renewals are generally happening where they have been happening at.
RobertSulentic: Yes. I wish I could be more definitive Steve. Here is generally what happens though. By the way, this was happening before COVID, you look at the percentage of your people that are in the office at any given point in time and then you add a buffer on top of that, and you tend to size to that amount of space. So that is probably going to come down some if 10% or 15% or 20% of people are going to work a couple of days from home a week, that number will come down some, but the amount of space per person is going to go up meaningfully. I mean, offices have gotten pretty denced going into COVID-19. And that trend had been going on for years and years. We don't know exactly where that is going to play out. But it could offset most of the downward pressure in what we are seeing from people working from home. By the way, I will give you my personal view on this from having talked to a lot of clients. I think the certainty about people working from home to some degree is at least as high as everybody says it is. I think the certainty about people coming back to the office is higher than the headlines out there today, because it is exciting to give a headline to talk about all the productivity of working from home. But then you go talk to executives that run businesses that have to deal with on boarding new people, moving managers around, oversee new people, training people, dealing with collaboration, dealing with creativity. And what you hear is we got to get people back to the office. So, I mean, both of those trends have high certainly more working from home, and the importance of the office going forward, and maybe they will offset each other, the actual math hasn't sorted out yet.
RobertSulentic: Well we are shutdown, Right. So, utilization is you can’t get any read on utilization. But from day one Hana was a sweet model. It was a model that was oriented toward institutional occupiers strong focus on data security, strong focus on a very professionally managed environment. And here is what it does for occupiers that we believe will make it a an important concept going forward. It allows you to have the flexibility to move in and out quickly without capital expenditures. It allows you the flexibility to assemble teams in a particular market, or a different market for relatively short periods of time, by the way, not much, but years, instead of five years, a year or two years. We believe that will be at least as important going forward as it was before COVID-19. We are excited about the Hana model. We are anticipating that it will be more of a service provider model and that the landlords will actually own the units going forward. There was a move in that direction anyway. So, we think strategically Hana was oriented toward a market that we are going to see post COVID-19. And about two-thirds of the clients we surveyed suggested that co-working although they are going to call it flexible space going forward will be a significant part of what they do and their utilization of space in the future.
LeahStearns: Anthony its Leah. I would start with your last part of your question. Those were primarily costs in the quarter that won't recur, unless we have significant resumption of lockdown. So, those are really onetime cost. We may have some going into the second half of the year, but I don't think will be at the same level that we saw in Q1 or Q2. And then with respect to cost savings, we are actively assessing the cost structure within the business. We want to make sure that we are structured to meet the demand environment that will evolve coming out of the current crisis. And so that is something that we certainly are looking at and expect to address over the next quarter to two. And we will certainly be able to provide more color on that when we come back and speak with you in the third quarter.
LeahStearns: We are not seeing any material amount of forbearance requests, we have actually not received one since May, any of that was not material.
LeahStearns: So there are certainly elements around the environment with respect to the COVID vaccine and the ability for investors to have confidence around the economic recovery that will come out of that. I think that is critical to regaining confidence. Part of the price discovery that is going on right now, I think start with seeing a recovery on the leasing side to really build confidence on the investor side. And so we need to see really where that equilibrium shakes out. We certainly are seeing activity continue. And it is not as severe as we had expected, as I said in my remarks, but I think it will be really critical to begin to see leasing decisions on a larger scale basis, particularly on the large leasing transactions. The place where we have seen the most significant decline is on those large transactions. We still have actually seen a high volume of transactions but on a relative basis, they have been on a smaller set of - or smaller size deals. So, I think we really need to see confidence come back ground leasing, that will lead to more strong and confident underwriting behind our investors clients. And I think that will lead to better capital markets performance in the future.
LeahStearns: So for the GSEs and multi family businesses, one that is highly profitable and from a risk perspective performed incredibly well on a relative basis to the single family business that they run. So from our perspective, multifamily provides a much more affordable and cost effective way for occupants to maintain ownership of property. So we believe that the multifamily business under the GSEs is one that will be enduring and resilient through this cycle.
LeahStearns: That comment was really around liquidity, it is really focused on the current environment Steve. So, as we think about our capital allocation policy and process and our overall strategy, we ultimately seek first to invest into our business. Our platform in short scalable, ensure we have the right after setting for operations. We then look at how do we add capabilities to our existing lines of business or potentially add new capabilities that will serve our clients in the most effective and value creative way. And ultimately, if those investment opportunities are kept or are exhausted, and we don't see anything that is attractive on the horizon, our next lever for us within the capital allocation strategy is our buyback. Now, that is something that we consider in the context of a more normalized environment. And we want to make sure that we use our buyback within a framework that is cognizant of our current leverage in the overall economic environment. And so my comments were meant to imply within our current capital allocation strategy in a normal environment, we would actually be in the market from a purchase perspective, but given the importance that we are placing on liquidity today because of the uncertainty around COVID we are taking a more conservative approach and therefore preserving capital. We believe that moments and times like this can create incredible opportunities for investments that wouldn't otherwise present themselves. And so we want to make sure that we aren't getting ahead of ourselves and using our more, normal economic environment, capital allocation strategy too early. And so really providing you context that we are still committed to that strategy once we have conviction that the recovery is in sight.
LeahStearns: So the GWS business, the pipeline is actually at double digit from a year ago, period. We are seeing activity across many different sectors, life sciences, T&T industrial. So I think overall, we are seeing lots of opportunities across many different areas of our client base. They are pretty similar to what we saw last year, but certainly the pipeline is up. I would add that the pipeline continues to grow. It is just the period of transition from when we sign a contract to then go into full transition mode. That is the part that has presented a challenge for us just in terms of driving growth out of that pipeline. We certainly, aren't seeing a lack of interest in our service offerings. It is just, we are in a moment of a crisis and there is a bit of a pause in terms of decisions that are being made, not just on our leasing and advisory business, but also within our occupier outsourcing business. So as soon as we begin to see momentum convert from that pipeline into transitions and ultimately allow us to begin monetizing those new outsourcing contracts, I think that business will be back on its normal double digit trajectory going forward.
LeahStearns: So in terms of bid ask, you are right. I think going back to my earlier comments, we certainly believe that leasing or resumption of large leasing transactions will help drive confidence within our capital markets business in particularly the marquee transactions. We have seen some trade, EMEA, APAC were certainly doing much better relative to the U.S. from that perspective. And so from where we sit today, I wouldn't say that we believe that there is high competence. As I said, my prepared remarks, we expect the second half to be a continuation for transaction businesses of what we saw in Q2. It is just uncertain given all of the COVID related issues. If we do see a second whether or not there will be an opportunity for more price discovery. With respect to distress sales, there are some, but I would say investors are being very patient. I think it is important to remember that coming into this public health crisis, this was not a thing over stretched industry from an underwriting perspective, there was discipline cap rates were strong. And it wasn't a situation where there was over leveraged and significant in a bubble like activity. So we feel really good that owners and owners of properties today are sitting there and have their ability to be patient and can weather this crises.
LeahStearns: It is really too early to speak to, and again, we are just providing qualitative guidance for 2020 because of the uncertainty around the economic outlook, and how that relates to the current COVID environment. We are watching so many different indicators across the disease, the macroeconomic landscape and within commercial real estate, as an industry, and as we get more condition as to how that will lead into 2021. And the business trends will certainly provide that color, Michael I think it is just too early to say how it will translate today.
LeahStearns: There was some marquee asset transactions that happened in our Germany business, I would say China's certainly whether resumption of activity posts the locked down, that certainly was a bright spot in the quarter. But I think those markets are smaller, we tend to see more volatility in the performance of those markets. And I would say just pointing to our broader statements around how we believe the second half will play out, we think that our international businesses will likely be a bit stronger just because they do have that diversification. Whereas in the U.S., we certainly have a strong belief that it will be a more muted environment.
LeahStearns: Again, there haven't been enough transactions to really give you a strong - to lead to strong conviction on my part if I can answer that question with any certainty. I would just say that there certainly are investors who are watching closely what is happening in all the markets. I think there are opportunities for domestic capital where, cross border capital maybe constrained due to travel restrictions, that presents unique opportunities for pension and other funds who may have historically been, sitting on the sidelines, because of the level of competition from foreign capital. That gives some pretty unique opportunities for investors in markets to capitalize on distressed sales if they are presenting themselves. But I would just say the volume of activity is just not sufficient enough for us to be able to say today what a bid ask is.
LeahStearns: We certainly do. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I think from my perspective, sitting here today, it is important for us to take a step back and look at the overall demand environment that is developing as it relates to all of the different lines of businesses that we currently operate and make sure that the business and the cost structure that we have going into 2021 is right sized. And so I don't want to jump to any conclusions as to what that will look like because we are watching several indicators and several trends develop, but we certainly are actively assessing opportunities across the platform to make sure that we are rightsizing the business from a fixed cost perspective as we head into the second half of the year in 2021.
