Bob Sulentic: Thank You Brad. Good morning everyone. We were pleased to have produced another quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. Our results benefited from the diversity and strength of our business and the focus of our people on delivering differentiated outcomes for our clients; the key pillar of our strategy. I'll call out a few of the notable drivers of our performance in the quarter. The first is leasing which realized 18% revenue growth including 19% in the Americas. This growth reflects the gains we are making and attracting talented professionals to CBRE and in leveraging our advisory capabilities such as workplace strategies, labor analytics, and supply chain consulting. Second, occupier outsourcing posted a 20% fee revenue increase. This continuing strong growth is attributable to the secular trend of occupiers increasingly embracing outsourced commercial real estate services and the advancement of CBRE's capabilities. I'd like to also comment on our development services business which grew even by 20%. This is an outstanding business that has delivered over 30% annualized returns for our capital partners in the current business cycle. Further it has generated strong profits that have bolstered our balance sheet and put us in an excellent position to make strategic investments in our business. CBRE continues to make gains through investments in digital and technology capabilities as strategic acquisitions. I'll highlight two of our key investments. The first is CBRE 360 a personalized platform that delivers an enhanced and connected workplace experience. CBRE 360 allows users to navigate the workplace, setup meetings with colleagues, reserve work-spaces, and access concierge services. We have built a secure scalable enterprise-grade app and software platform. Our clients can pick experiences that reflect their individual brand. Since its launch in January CBRE 360 has received strong interest from occupiers who believe workplace experience is central to their ability to attract and retain talent. Interest has been even stronger from property investors who want to develop stickier relationships with their tenants. All of this is very good for CBRE's business. Our first clients went live in the second quarter and we have a large pipeline of prospective client activity. As an example of the fanfare CBRE 360 is generating Microsoft featured a demonstration of the app at its Global Developers Conference last month. Second, our acquisition of facility source addresses a growing segment of the facilities management market. The company serves clients by utilizing a proprietary technology platform with 13 years of data, a 24/7 operations center, and a network of more than 25,000 certified service providers. It is particularly effective for managing large numbers of geographically dispersed assets such as retail stores and bank branches. Our clients love this capability; facilities source is performing above our expectations in its first 45 days and it exceeded its second quarter sales target. Before I conclude I'll comment further on our financial results for the quarter. While we had strong revenue and earnings growth we also experienced negative operating leverage in our combined regional services business. That is expenses grew faster than revenues. We pay close attention to this metric and our target is to generate neutral to positive operating leverage over time. However, in the second quarter strong revenue growth and occupier outsourcing and a decline in high margin property sales in EMEA and Asia-Pacific versus exceptional growth in the prior year weighed on margins. More significantly, as we indicated at the beginning of the year we are making incremental investments in our business to support future growth, streamline operations, and share some of the benefits of tax reform with our people through an enhanced 401K match, higher merit salary increases for rank-and-file employees and other actions. We do not expect to increase the current level of run rate investment for the foreseeable future and therefore, do not expect these incremental investments to put negative pressure on operating leverage in our combined regional services business in 2009. CBRE has realized strong earnings growth year-to-date and we continue to see positive momentum across our business. We are therefore increasing our outlook for full year 2018 adjusted EPS to a range of $3.10 to $3.20 reflecting 15% growth over 2017 at the midpoint. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim who will discuss the second quarter in more detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you Jim. We begin the second half of the year with positive momentum across our business. The macro environment remains favorable with solid economic growth. While we are mindful of potential risks on the horizon particularly from heightened trade tensions we have thus far seen no discernible impact to our business. As I mentioned earlier, we are raising our outlook for full year 2018 adjusted EPS to a range of $3.10 to $3.20 up from $3 to $3.15. This represents a 15% increase over 2017 at the midpoint and would result in our ninth consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. We have raised guidance despite unfavorable shifts in currency since the beginning of the year. Absent, adverse movements, and currency the midpoint of our updated guidance would have been approximately $0.08 to $0.10 higher. In closing our people around the world have never been more energized. They are embracing our strategy and increasingly working together across business lines and geographic boundaries to produce exceptional outcomes for our clients. This is the key to our future and we are very excited about it. With that operator, we will now take questions.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony a couple things are going on with us and then a couple things are going on in the market. First of all we have introduced two or three years ago what we call our advisory and transaction services. This is a set of capabilities that are centrally led by one of our most experienced people to connect our big outsourcing clients with our local brokers who do transactional work and support both with a bunch of advisory capabilities like workplace, solutions, labor analytics, government incentives. We are getting a lot of traction with that initiative. We are landing a lot of count based work as a result of that initiative. We believe it allows us to do things for our clients that are really not easily duplicated in the marketplace. Secondly all the stuff that you're seeing that's driving this co-working and experience dynamic is helping our business. Occupiers all over the world and particularly in the big markets around the world are really focused on creating experiences for their employees because they need this central to attracting and retaining employees. This is creating a lot of change in the way space is used. When there's change in the way spaces is used there's real opportunity for us to do new leases for our clients. By the way, our competitors have that same opportunity and companies like we work have that same opportunity. There's opportunity to do leases.  There's opportunity to advise them. There's opportunity to change the space they are in now which leads to property management work. All of that has been unique to this cycle and a real driver for our business in the cycle. If you go back to that statistic Jim gave about when the capital markets peak three years ago and all the growth we've had since then, well that's not typical of what you saw in prior cycles but you're seeing that now because there's so much going on in our sector and in our company that's allowing us to grow independent of what's going on in the capital markets.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it comes in through all of them. It comes in through all three of those areas and I would tell you that the dynamics there helping drive we work and that their strategy addresses or helping drive our business. Keep in mind we manage space with about 9 million people in it right. All of the co-working memberships around the world by all of the companies that do co-working don't add up to anything close to that. So what are we doing with that 9 million people worth of occupancy? We're doing all kinds of alternative space for them. We're doing all kinds of experience work for them. We've got this new CBRE 360 solution that we're offering for those occupiers that's got real excitement from our clients. By the way, it's got real excitement from landlords to that need that kind of capability to attract clients. So again what does that mean? That means more work for outsourcing people. That means more work for our leasing people. It means lots more work for our project management people that do move as changes, construct new space, change the way space is configured. It's about experience for occupiers and it's about a different way to use space and all that creates opportunity for us but it creates opportunity in the market for others as well.
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all that is a big-big growth business right. Jim gave the numbers; $150 million of revenue last year. It's going to push double that this year. We are treating it like a super high growth technology oriented business because that's exactly what it is. What do you do with the business like that? You invest heavily in upfront to make sure that it works extremely well for your clients and that it's positioned for growth. We bought that business for that reason. We have a large base of clients that find that capability to be attractive and find that capability something that was lacking in the marketplace for a long period of time. So we've very explicitly adopted a strategy around that business to invest aggressively in it to grow it rapidly to make sure that it's exceptional and very differentiated in the market and as a result we don't expect a lot of profitability in the short run but a few years out we think that business that we bought for 300 million bucks is going to be a $50 million EBITDA business and growing rapidly from there and what doesn't show up in that $50 million of EBITDA is all the help that gives us in growing other parts of our outsourcing business.
Bob Sulentic: Jason there's a lot of growth opportunity in all the regions around the world. There's some unique things going on in EMEA. So let's compare it to what was going on in Americas a decade ago or even longer. When you go back that far in the Americas what you saw was a business that was rapidly gaining in terms of acceptance by the occupiers in the marketplace. There were a lot more people coming into the market because of prior experiences that understood how to deal with outsourcing. Our capabilities were growing. You're seeing that exact dynamic it’s unfold now in EMEA. It's becoming a much more accepted practice and the confluence of circumstances there really favors what we're doing. It's becoming a much more accepted practice at a time that we become much better because we've now fully integrated or nearly fully integrated the GWS acquisition. We've got the Norland acquisition. We've got a bunch of capability on the ground that matches up very well with what's going on there and those - and that group of circumstances is leading to disproportion of growth over there for us. We think that's going to continue. We've got some vertical capability like life sciences and manufacturing that we didn't have before positions us really well for growth but we're seeing great growth around the world. We have the biggest pipeline of opportunities that we've ever had by a significant margin. So you should expect to see growth in each of the three regions in our outsourcing business.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's all 3, 6, 12 and 18 it's we usually think of it in terms of what's out there for the rest of this year and then early into next year as you get deeper into this year but those are long term -- that's a long term sales cycle business because it's so big and so complex and some of the things we are working on are a year-plus out in the future.
Bob Sulentic: Size of the deals is growing. The complexity of the deals is growing. Our ability to do things for occupiers has grown dramatically. Facility sources a good example of that. The A&T advisory and transaction services tenant rep type work we do for them is a big example of that. The verticals that we operate in that I mentioned are a big example of that. So what's happening at a time that the market is expanding dramatically our capabilities to do unique service for these clients. By the way, that CBRE 360 is very attractive to those outsourcing clients. So again there's a lot of things going on that are driving that growth. Some have to do with the market. Some have to do with our offering.
Bob Sulentic: We're making technology advancements. We're bringing people on obviously that just to have a business that grows that rapidly you need to bring people on. It's getting our current clients to adopt it and make sure that we're completely nailing it in terms of execution. One of the things that we believed when we bought that business we believe deeply was that we could do more with it than they could do themselves or that anybody else in the market could do with it. Part of that is this technology team we've built now under Chandra Dhandapani. So we're going to take that technology they have. We're going to improve that technology. So it's a little bit of all those things.
Bob Sulentic: It's a capability that we had a little bit of but this takes us to a whole new place dramatically beyond where we were before and it's something that we've been trying to get for years.
Bob Sulentic: Well, the Brexit situation has been ebbing and flowing for two years now. I mean when you go back to the summer of ‘16 when that thing unfolded we went through a really really tough period. Then it settled down and it got better and it's kind of come and gone since then. We're going through a period now with uncertainty around Brexit and our people that run the UK watch it obviously what they obsess over it and they think it's probably going to put pressure on our business for the remainder of this year but everything we talked about in terms of guidance, in terms of our expectation for our performance for the rest of the year bakes that in.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Fairly modest I mean we've had some relatively steady positive impact over the last couple of years with infill but you know like the 2% that you've seen from year-to-date it's likely to be in that range. As we said facility source will be a headwind to margin plus or minus neutral impact to EBITDA and we're continuing to maybe to run on average a new acquisition a month but they tend to be smaller infill acquisitions. So nothing significant expected to come from the M&A activity outside of our normal activity.
Bob Sulentic: We attributed to a couple things. Number one what's unfolding in the marketplace is what we thought would unfold. That's a service that still a lot of people want that hasn't been that available in the past and when you bring that service on to the CBRE platform and you have our marketing/salespeople helping drive the growth of that business you start to get a dynamic like this. When you start to roll it out across our existing client base think of the clients we have that have dispersed facilities, small dispersed facilities around the U.S. a lot of opportunity and so you have those things combined creating growth that's a little better than they expected or we expected and we're really enthused by it but we really again I'm going to repeat what Jim said and what I said but we're really-really attentive to the fact that we're going to invest into that thing so that it can take on that level of business and do a great job with it.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade that business is spread around approximately 16 major markets in the U.S. They're the gateway markets you would expect us to be in obviously Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, all doing quite well for us now. We have a big presence in Texas. We have a presence on the East Coast in New Jersey and Philadelphia, presence in Atlanta, Chicago, Denver and what we're seeing is a building pipeline in that business. Well building combined pipeline and in process because the track record of our people has been so good in this cycle. As I mentioned we generated on an aggregate basis for all of the third party capital and as you know the vast majority of the capital we use to develop with this third party in excess of 30% returns in this cycle and as a result we've got a lot of capital that wants to work with us. We've got a very experienced team that can find new opportunities and we expect to see performance that extends in a way we haven't been able to extend it in past cycles and the projects we're doing are much more core oriented than we've been before. Will we experience pressure from materials and construction costs? That's already happened but at the same time cap rates have come down. So we're not expecting that dynamic to be particularly punishing from here going forward but we do watch it closely.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we get the same returns that our investor clients get but then of course we get big participation in those deals and that's what's driven the numbers that you've seen over the past few years; the EBITDA numbers you've seen. We've got a total equity investment in that business of $150 million or less and so if you look at all the EBITDA we generated in that business if you were to tribute that all to that co-investment the returns would be absurdly high but we don't necessarily think of it that way.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Well, it's pretty evenly spread. The biggest is residential; a little over 30%. Then office just slightly behind residential and industrial about 24%. We do a little bit of healthcare. So it's pretty evenly spread among the products.
Bob Sulentic: They've been relatively stable but for some investments specific to any business and any given region that the types of investments they roll off so overall relatively stable.
Bob Sulentic: Well, Jade I think the overwhelming trend is for brokers to want to be with the prominent global companies and we've continued to have very-very strong recruiting. It's driving our results or at least impacting our results in a significant way and the fact of matter is when a broker comes to CBRE they have a global network. They have a brand. They have technology. They have a base of clients. They have a set of advisory capabilities that they can be supported by that they just can't get elsewhere. That allows them to do more business. That allows them to earn more money and that puts us in a position to recruit brokers far more effectively than others in the market can do it and retain brokers far more effectively and cost-effectively specifically than others can and it's showing up in our recruiting results and has for several years running and that has sustained into this year.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Facility source had a capability and a set of clients and in particular a set of vendors that we thought would be extraordinarily hard to build in any compressed period of time. Certainly in a period of time that would be adequate for us to serve our clients and our prospective clients the way we wanted to. As a result and we that very question David we went over and over and over with our management team with our board, our outsourcing and facilities management people considered it in depth and at [indiscernible] I'd say and we concluded that building that business was far-far behind buying it as an opportunity for us. We also believed as I said in my earlier comments that we could acquire that business and in combination with the capabilities we have particularly our technology team, particularly our marketing team, particularly our base of existing clients could do meaningfully more with that business than they could do with it themselves. I believe that they believed that and that's why you're seeing what you're seeing with regard to these growth numbers that are exceeding their expectations and exceeding our expectations for them.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us and we look forward to talking to you at the end of the third quarter.
Jim Groch: Hey Anthony, it's Jim. I wouldn't get quite that specific as to the second quarter. What I would say is big picture we gave guidance for the year of 17.5%. We have some modest headwinds to that facility source is a little bit of a headwind. The very strong growth in the outsourcing business is a little bit of a headwind when it comes to mix but despite that I think that guidance is still achievable.
Jim Groch: When we gave our guidance at the beginning of year we spoke about that quite a bit and it's certainly in the tens of millions on any given quarter as you go through the year and it's reasonably flat-lined but if you look at the more you know if you look at where the pressure was this quarter it was quite specifically in EMEA and Asia-Pacific and in both cases around a couple of fairly specific things that were going on. I think I mentioned Asia-Pac and EMEA declined in total by about $5.5 million from an EBITDA standpoint and EMEA that was really driven by a big swing in the UK where sales revenues went from up roughly 70% in Q2 of last year to down about 14% and this quarter so big swing there and then we had about $5.5 million of incremental investments along the lines that you're just asking about and the biggest project in EMEA right now is we are taking three existing ERP systems and upgrading and moving all of that into one new system. In Asia-Pacific the big driver was again a big swing in sales versus a tough compare from the prior year. So Asia-Pacific coincidentally was also down 14%. That's against increase in the prior year of about 45% and then we had a couple of other items that they're a little more unusual. We had a mark-to-market of a couple of loans in Asia-Pacific it was about a $4 million hit. We had $1 million total deal costs on the infill acquisition. As you know we don't normalize deal costs unless we have a very large transaction typically. So on the infill M&A we don't normalize deal costs. We're also not normalizing any of the types of projects that I just mentioned.
Jim Groch: So we gave guidance on capital markets leasing outsourcing and our investment businesses at the beginning of the year and we now expect to exceed that guidance for the full year for each of those businesses and that's what's reflected in our updated guidance.
Jim Groch: Yes. I would say it's big picture and particularly if you're talking about the Americas it's a healthy, stable kind of market even the peak that I referenced earlier three years ago the decline over the three-year period on volumes been about 6% obviously it can feel quite lumpy quarter to quarter and we felt that in particular in this quarter EMEA and Asia-Pacific but overall this quarter for us was down 2% in sales volume and we're seeing pretty solid activity. There's a little bit of anxiety that kind of comes in from time to time as the ten year moves around and touches 3% but that in the end doesn't seem to -- hasn't seem to have had much impact and when there is an impact it seems to be relatively mild and relatively short. And then overall I would say there's just -- there's as much or more dry powder targeting commercial real estate at this time than at any time that we can remember. So it feels like pretty healthy dynamics. One other point I would make is that lenders are careful and that's also a very positive dynamic to have that in play at a time when there's so much liquidity in the market.
Jim Groch: Yes. I guess the data point I would give you is that we typically talk about averaging about 50% of our growth from existing clients and 50% from new clients in this quarter about 75% percent of our growth came from new clients. So I just -- it feels that the integration of the businesses that we've acquired are completed and the set of capabilities we have put together is accelerating the growth rate in the business.
Jim Groch: I mean it's as we roll up all of our forecasts where we're coming to for the year in combination of a lot of different factors but part of it is obviously the Q4 is our largest quarter and that's helpful but it's simply a roll up of all of our forecasts across the world for all of our lines of business.
Jim Groch: Mitch, we gave quite a bit more information than we have in the past at our Investor day. Nothing updated from that point but just to kind of reiterate what we said then is that we are -- we target 1 to 2 times net debt to EBITDA over the long term. We are comfortable with a lower level of leverage as we get later in a business cycle. We're equally comfortable with a higher level of leverage when we're in a downturn in the early years coming out of a downturn to take advantage of the opportunities there. So we are running on a more conservative side as we're later in an extended business cycle.
