Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Emma. I'll close with some thoughts about Turner & Townsend. While Turner & Townsend has some similarities to traditional commercial real estate project management businesses, its differences are significant and compelling. Beyond traditional corporate real estate project management, Turner & Townsend manages large complex programs in the infrastructure, natural resources and green energy sectors. Examples of this include their work for the Sydney Australia rapid transit system, the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority, Toronto and Abu Dhabi's international airports, and the first new nuclear power station to be constructed in the United Kingdom in over 20 years. These programs typically span many years and include an array of individual projects. When Turner & Townsend project work for corporate clients, it typically involves larger, more complex, strategically important assignments. For instance, they are currently program or project managing 112 hyperscale data centers and the creation of multiple billion dollar plus advanced manufacturing plants around the world. Turner & Townsend is also the world's largest cost consultancy, a rapidly growing practice that secures the best pricing from the marketplace and optimizes cost performance across large complex capital programs. The combination of Turner & Townsend and CBRE project management will create significant revenue synergies between the 2 businesses client bases and yield meaningful cost synergies through economies of scale and eliminating redundant functions. Turner & Townsend's leadership team will oversee the combined business. They have an exceptional track record in the areas of growth, strategic decision-making and risk management. Since Vincent Clancy took over as CEO in 2008, Turner & Townsend's net revenue has grown from approximately $225 million to $1.5 billion in 2023 and a compound annual growth rate of 13%. Since CBRE acquired our 60% ownership interest in November 2021 and Turner & Townsend's net revenue has grown at a compounded rate of nearly 20%, attesting to the benefits of being part of CBRE's platform. Finally, I want to stress that the combined business, which is positioned to provide years of resilient double-digit growth is large. It is expected to generate approximately $3.5 billion of net revenue and more than $0.5 billion of SOP in 2024. The business will be large enough resilient enough and rapidly growing enough to change the long-term profile of CBRE. Now operator, let's open the line for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Ronald, first of all, thanks for picking up coverage on us. We're thrilled to have Morgan Stanley following us. The first part of the answer to your question is very anecdotal. We had the quarter, we had in leasing and mortgage originations in the second quarter. And the positive activity has continued into the first part of the third quarter, and I'm going to pass it to Emma to let you talk -- let her talk a little bit more about that. But there are some other things that are giving us confidence. So for instance, we get insight from the fact that we do a lot of different things. We're not only are we an intermediary, but we're a principal. And in our development business now, we are seeing demand for projects that we didn't expect and it's going to happen in the fourth quarter of this year. That gives us confidence that other parts of the capital markets are acting that way. Obviously, there's a sentiment out there that there's going to be a couple of rate cuts or at least one rate cut this year. the bid-ask spreads are narrower than they were before, except maybe in office. Our investment sales brokers and mortgage brokers are more active and have stronger pipelines than they did before. Our work with office tenants, where we measure through all kinds of different mechanisms and surveys sentiment has gotten better. So we have this anecdotal evidence from the second quarter starting and then the third quarter. And then we have more technical evidence that causes us to think that we may well have gone through an inflection point on transactions that's going to impact leasing. It's going to impact sales. It's going to impact mortgage brokerage, and it's going to have a really nice impact in the fourth quarter on the profitability of our development business. Emma, you might want to add to that.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, it's different. But there's a lot of synergy between what Turner & Townsend does and what we do, and it's 2-way synergy. They're -- they operate in 60 countries around the world, and they're more substantial in parts of the world than we are. We've been able to introduce them to our client base in a number of places very successfully. And I'm going to give you an anecdote, and I'm going to give you some numbers, one that's repetitive. Turner Townsend grew over Vince Clancy's tenure 13% for many, many years on a compounded basis, more than a decade. Since they've been part of us, they've grown at 20%. Anecdotally, and I mentioned earlier, where we benefit from having a whole bunch of different businesses that we undertake. Anecdotally, there are a couple of major corporate manufacturing plants that Trammell Crow Company and Turner & Townsend, are cooperating on to deliver the development services work and the program management work billion-plus dollar plant, we believe at Trammell Crow Company, and we believe that Turner & Townsend, and Vince and his team believe that those projects wouldn't have been landed by us, had we not had the ability for those 2 businesses to cooperate. So Turner & Townsend would be a great public company, make no mistake about it. There's a lot of enthusiasm for companies like them in the public markets today. They're very unique even relative to other large program and project management firms and large engineering firms. But they fit really, really nicely with us. And we think there's going to be a great story long term there. We've put Vince on our board because we think there's so much synergy between what he and his business do and what the rest of our company does. So I hope they're a very long-term part of CBRE.
Bob Sulentic: The activity we're seeing is across 3 product types, data centers, industrial and multifamily. The stuff we harvest in the fourth quarter is going to be more skewed towards data centers than it ever has been before. That -- and what's happened there, and again, I don't mean to be too repetitive in what I say. But because of the number of things we're doing across our platform, we end up being in a very strong position to generate certain kind of benefits that we wouldn't other generate. We wouldn't otherwise generate. Trammell Crow Company, when you hear the headlines, there's a developer. We build this kind of building or that kind of building when we sell it. But one of the things that Trammell Crow Company is exceptional at is land acquisition, entitlements and then developing on the land or harvesting land sites at a profit. The development work they've done over time on the industrial side has put Trammell Crow Company in a position to end up with considerable amounts of land that can be used for data centers. When that happens, the transition from industrial land to data center land generally results in pretty significant profitability, and that's going to be a big part of the picture you see in the fourth quarter. Looking out a little further, though, what's really, really important to know is that there has been a real lack of capital for securing development -- new development opportunities in the market the last couple of years. We went through that ourselves third-party capital slowed way down. That started to come back significantly. We've capitalized a good number of development projects with third-party capital this year. But the other thing we've done is we've come in ourselves, and we've identified opportunities in a bigger way than we have historically to use our own balance sheet to buy development land and in some cases, fund components of the development process beyond the land -- and we are -- we study it very closely. We are quite confident that we are going to be developing projects and in particular, multifamily projects into markets where the number of new projects coming online has slowed down dramatically. And that's what you're seeing or hearing in our comments about profitability coming out of that business.
Bob Sulentic: If I could, I may just add on to that. And Jade, to specifically address what you said and that $750 million does not depend on all kinds of good luck with industrial sites transitioning to be data center sites. That's an asset-by-asset review of our portfolio. For the purposes that we acquired it for unless we know today that it's going to move to another asset class and measuring where we think it will come out over time.
Bob Sulentic: Well, for sure, Class A office space is really attractive now because so many companies are focused on the experience of their employees, the productivity of their employees, the presence of their employees, et cetera, that's a well-documented dynamic. And it's easier to make that happen in better quality office space. But beyond New York, yes, in the tech markets, we're seeing considerable pickup. And I believe -- we believe that it's driven by AI and all the activity around AI, the Bay Area, Austin, Texas, et cetera. We're seeing a pickup in those markets.
Bob Sulentic: Stephen, to answer that question, I want to back up and talk about how we think about M&A. And I think M&I would agree that there's more work we have to do on our side to get the market that invests in CBRE's shares to understand how we do M&A. First of all, we don't have a group of businesses and a group of leaders that sits there and waits for something to come up for sale at a good price. We are a very strategy-driven company. Each of our businesses has a strategy for how they want to grow. And that strategy is very attentive to, a, adding capabilities and b, adding capabilities in areas that we think will sustainably do well in the marketplace, either because they're cyclically resilient or they are secularly favored. There's no better example of that, obviously than Turner & Townsend. So if you look at our facilities management business, doing things that the marketplace wouldn't expect us to do because we've asked the leaders in the various sectors within facilities management, so manufacturing, financial technology, et cetera, to understand their business and the capabilities that they can be in that business that will differentiate it and make it attractive to our clients in the long run. They wouldn't go out in the marketplace seeking out those acquisitions. So the deals that you've heard us make in the last year, those -- we do not do those deals through auctions. None of those deals came to Turner & Townsend, wasn't done through an auction, J&J wasn't done through an auction. Direct Line wasn't done through an auction. The local FM business we bought in Canada, during the quarter wasn't done through an auction. Those were -- none of those were done through an auction. We went to the sellers of those businesses or the owners of those businesses and pursued them because we thought they were a good fit. We have ideas around our business. We have an increasingly well-developed corporate development team led by 14, 15-year Morgan Stanley veteran that then acts on those ideas to acquire them and we integrate them after that. That's our approach to M&A. And as a result, you should expect us to see -- you should expect to see us do more deals in the facilities management space and other spaces that you didn't expect because they aren't highly visible by others in the market.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Peter, you just said something that's really important, pent-up demand. When we talk about investment sales activity coming back, the trading of assets coming back. It's not going to be a circumstance whether the marketplace is going to become more attractive because rates have stabilized, bid-ask spreads have come down. And therefore, a bunch of people that wouldn't have otherwise been in the market are going to say, "Oh, it's a better environment. Maybe I should sell something. " There has been a massive base of assets held by people that wanted to sell them for the last couple of years. There has been a massive amount of capital on the sidelines that wanted to get in and do real estate deals for the last couple of years. The buyers and sellers have been there. We don't have to find them. They're there. What has to happen is the environment needs to get to a place where you're going to see people jump in and act. And what's happened is the certainty around interest rates coming down has grown the bid-ask spread has narrowed. There's less volatility in the market. And that's why in a business like our Trammell Crow Company development business, where we're a principal not an intermediary, we're seeing action very real action that's going to take place in the fourth quarter. We've been there with those assets. Now we're going to trade those assets because the environment is going to be right.
Bob Sulentic: Peter, Emma is a good one to answer that question because in addition to all the other things she does, she actually handles our real estate portfolio, and she's in the market now. And so she can tell you as a consumer what that feels like.
Emma Giamartino: So Ronald, what you saw in Q2 is that we took a lot of cost actions in our margin within Q2 and at 10.1% was above what we are expecting and above what we achieved in Q1. And it's obviously not near the run rate that we expect to target. For the full year, we're expecting the overall margin to be above that 11.3% that we delivered last year. So you're going to see higher margins in the second half. And then going into next year, that run rate will be even higher than where we get to for the full year. But we're not going to get to the second half margins on a run rate basis.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So Ronald, what we're seeing on the leasing side is that continues to pick up globally. In the U.S., you're -- we talked about we're seeing the greatest strength in office leasing. Industrial has been declining slightly, but office is more than making up for that. And so continuing into July, we're seeing early signs of accelerating growth within leasing. And we think that would be a great outcome. So we're expecting that to continue through the remainder of the year. On the sales side, we do see strong signs that the sales market is stabilizing. Globally, we're still seeing declines, but you can argue that it's relatively flat globally. Sales activity for us revenue in the quarter was only down 2% on a local currency basis. And we're actually seeing going into July. And again, it's very early. So we're not going to call anything, but we're starting to see an uptick in activity in the U.S. sales market.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. Facilities management, we believe, has a low double-digit organic revenue growth trajectory for the very long term, and that's supported by 2 components. One, the enterprise side, which is where we manage large occupier clients globally, that business should grow at a high single-digit rate. And that's where you see most of our competitors play in that space. So where our facilities management business is different from our competitors is our local business. And that's, as you know, the regionally focused business that I talked about in my remarks that has grown in a 17% compound rate. over the past decade. And that business should grow at the low to mid-teens rate, which is bringing up and even higher over time, and we expect to do M&A within the local sector, so that on an organic basis, we are confident that we'll remain in the low double-digit range. And then M&A on top of that will get us higher.
Emma Giamartino: So we increased guidance across all 3 segments. So I'll walk through all 3 of them. Within Advisory, as you'd expect, increase in transaction activity, and we're getting to mid- to high teens SOP growth. Within GWS, the increase is largely due to M&A. Our organic growth expectations are in line with what we expected going into the year. And we're getting to mid- to high teens SOP growth for the year within GWS as well. And then REI is probably about past of the contribution for the increase in guidance and those couple of very large development deals that we expect to monetize in the fourth quarter. And when you look at the second half, what you're seeing is accelerated growth across all segments. Advisory, you're going to see low double-digit revenue growth in the second half, but very strong SOP growth as we have very strong high incremental margins across our leasing and sales business. And then GWS, as we've talked about, we've expected very strong revenue growth in the second half as both M&A picks up in the second half and as the large contracts that we won earlier this year and late last year start to be onboarded. And again, we've done a lot of cross works. You're going to see higher than higher than our run rate margins within GWS in the second half as well.
Emma Giamartino: So on the commercial mortgage side, we saw a strong uptick in loan origination, and that was primarily for refinancing. So there is a big uptick in loan source from debt funds. Volumes from debt funds increased by over 70% in the quarter. And that was all refinancing. They're offering very short-term bridge loans to bridge providers until the banks and the agencies pick up. We actually saw a decline in originations from banks and the agencies as well. So we expect that to pick up in the second half of the year as rates come down.
Emma Giamartino: We're still seeing -- we're having a slight uptick in acquisitions, but it's off such a low base that it's not meaningful. It's not a meaningful contributor to our increase.
Emma Giamartino: So on the office side, we are -- we think we've stabilized in terms of size of transactions, and we're really seeing an uptick in volume, and we're seeing our uptick in terms of regionally we talked about it, you're seeing most of that increase in New York as occupiers are transacting across larger deals. We aren't seeing big movements in terms of square footage per transaction in terms of, obviously, rent per transaction, all of those metrics seem to have stabilized.
Emma Giamartino: So the uptick in the fourth quarter is large -- in REI, is largely related to the data center asset sales. But the comment around is whether that's sustainable. I think one of the pieces that we really focused on in our remarks is the embedded profits within our Trammell Crow in-process and pipeline portfolio. And we talked about $750 million of profit that are in that portfolio today at relatively conservative underwriting assumptions that we expect to generate over the next 4 years. Now that will be more weighted towards the out years as it takes time to build these projects. But there is a significant amount of earnings embedded in that portfolio and is very much sustainable. And we do think that, that element of our business is underappreciated, the amount of profits that will be coming out of that. And so when you look at these data center sales that we're expecting this year, we believe that, that's a signal to us that there is an upturn in this business coming and there will be an uptick from here.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So our strategies remain consistent in terms of capital deployment. We prioritize M&A and we're focused on looking at strategic, highly accretive acquisitions that drive a very strong return and will enhance our capabilities, we've been very focused on facilities management and project management. We expect both of those to ticking up over the next few years. Our pipeline is very strong, though we always caution that it's very difficult to predict M&A, and we are extremely diligent in our underwriting. And so we focus on the deals that make the most sense and are going to drive the strongest return. And then in every single one of our deals, they have to exceed a hurdle rate that makes sense and they have to exceed the return that we would get from share repurchases. So we look at where we're [indiscernible] trading compared to your extrinsic value and make sure that those deals exceed that. If we don't have a tremendous amount of M&A in our pipeline or it's difficult to execute for whatever reason, and you've seen this in the past 3 years, we will buy back our shares. This year, we've done a lot of M&A so far, so I don't expect a tremendous amount of repurchases in the second half of the year, but that's simply a result of the amount of capital we've deployed this year.
Emma Giamartino: So well above our cost of capital. Most of our deals -- I think all of our deals are underwritten at above the mid-teens returns. And that's pretty much all I can say about that.
Emma Giamartino: In the quarter, it was minimal. We repurchased $50 million worth of shares at an average price off $87.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, I will add. Our transformation office is focused on making long-term sustainable change in how we operate our business. And so we are not focused on episodic cost reduction we want to be focused on delivering consistent operating leverage over time. So you can see that margin expansion. And that's not an easy thing to do. It's something that we're very focused on. All of our business leaders are very focused on, so from here on out, everything is focused on really driving that efficiency. And as we add resources as we invest in technology, as we invest in people, those are extremely smart decisions so that we know that down the road, we don't have to cut back.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. We've seen a pickup activity -- inactivity. We are expecting a pickup in activity in enhanced return strategies, but we've also seen a pickup in the first half in core and core plus. And I think you're hearing that broadly across the market, which we think is a very positive indicator for the remainder of the year.
Emma Giamartino: So on the office leasing side, and Bob is talking about locking in New York. For trophy assets, yes, especially in New York, those prices are increasing. But if you look broadly across our office leasing portfolio of transactions, pricing is pretty much stabilized, but there are very -- there's big differences in what's happening by asset type and by quality of assets and by market.
