Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, CBRE produced another quarter of excellent results, with double-digit revenue growth and adjusted EPS up 28%. Our performance is the direct result of our focused strategy to produce exceptional outcomes for our clients and the commitment of our more than 75,000 professionals to executing our strategy. The strength of our performance in the third quarter was broad based. Each of our 3 global regions produced solid growth, and trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA is at an all-time high in each of the 3 global regions.  Leasing returned to double-digit growth in the third quarter and was exceptionally strong in the United States. Revenue growth accelerated in our occupier outsourcing business as we continued to capitalize on our commanding position in this growing sector. Global property sales saw healthy growth despite a generally tepid market for transaction activity, reflecting the strength of our brand and our ability to take market share. Finally, we also had excellent performance in both of our real estate investment businesses, Global Investment Management and Development Services.  Longer term, our outlook is supported by 3 significant industry trends that play to CBRE's strength as the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment company. The first is the growing demand for outsourced commercial real estate solutions. The second is the increased allocation by institutional investors to commercial real estate. The third trend is consolidation. Clients are awarding their work to fewer, more capable global service providers, which drives consolidation within our industry. We continue to make investments in our people, service offering and operating platform, particularly digital technology capabilities, to capture the opportunities created by these industry trends.  With that, Jim will take you through our third quarter results in detail.
Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. 2017 is proving to be another outstanding year for CBRE. Last quarter, we updated our full year earnings guidance, and our results are generally trending above the midpoint of those expectations. We want to remind you that results in our regional services businesses in the fourth quarter of last year were exceptionally strong, with adjusted EBITDA up 30% from the prior year. Additionally, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA in our combined Investment Management and Development Services businesses to decline year-over-year in the fourth quarter while still realizing an increase for the full year. To be clear, we continue to see healthy momentum across most of our businesses and regions, and we are increasing our full year 2017 guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $2.58 to $2.68. We are very pleased with the strong performance we have delivered for our shareholders. The strength of our business, the quality of our people and the perception of our brand continue to improve. As a global market leader in commercial real estate services and investment, we are benefiting disproportionately from long-term trends that should support continued growth for our sector. Please turn to Slide 14. Before we conclude, I want to take a moment to comment on CBRE's role in helping our clients respond to natural disasters. These capabilities were certainly put to the test this quarter with multiple events in the U.S., the Caribbean and Mexico City. Our disaster relief response teams mobilized quickly to keep our clients' facilities safe and operational. Our people often put their client responsibilities ahead of their own personal needs, and I can tell you that this extraordinary effort in a time of great need has not gone unnoticed by our customers. I want to thank everyone at CBRE who balanced their work commitments with their family and community obligations during the natural disasters. With that, operator, we will open the line for questions.
Robert Sulentic: Josh, we've introduced a good number of enablement technologies for our people across our business in the last few years. We track adoption closely, and adoption has gone up considerably over the last couple years in particular as we've doubled down on our focus in that regard. I would tell you that we are getting productivity gains from technology, and I think that's part of what's showing up in our results. As you see, we have continued to have better and better operating leverage in our business, and so I think we are benefiting from that. However, I think there's an awful long way to go, both in our sector and our company, as it relates to using enablement technology to support our people and serve our clients.
Robert Sulentic: Okay. Well, first of all, we -- we're around that dynamic in a lot of ways and specifically with regard to WeWork. WeWork is a client of ours. WeWork is a place where we send a good number of our clients. And in some places, they compete with us. We think they're a very good company. They're here to stay. The concept is here to say. And I think we're really well positioned to compete in an environment where that's part of the environment. We have a number of capabilities that serve us well to address that circumstance, and we're investing significantly in ways that'll help us address it more in the future.
Robert Sulentic: We expect that growth rate to continue indefinitely, the double-digit growth rate. We've said that for years, and we continue to believe that'll be the case.
Robert Sulentic: It's organic. That double-digit growth was almost entirely organic, not through acquisitions in the quarter.
Robert Sulentic: There's a lot of money on the sidelines for transactions in the U.S., particularly in the areas of industrial and multifamily. We have big multifamily business, big industrial business, and we're having trouble keeping the buyers that we work with satisfied with the amount of product we're delivering. Transactions have, in fact, slowed down a little. The time to get a transaction closed has slowed down by 5% or so. But the fact of the matter is there's plenty of capital out there, and the product that's coming to market is well leased with good tenants, and we see that at market -- well, transactions have certainly slowed down from their peak in 2015. It's still a healthy market out there, and we've had nice growth in our investment sales business around the world.
Robert Sulentic: Sure, there is. I mean, people that are investing in commercial real estate and believe in it, and that -- and the institutional capital in commercial real estate is growing, aren't going to exit assets unless they feel like they have an opportunity to get into another asset in certain cases because they're building portfolios. So that's a situation that we definitely see in some cases.
Robert Sulentic: Well, we've what we've said, Jade [ph], is that we expect a low single-digit growth this year in investment sales volumes, and nothing about that projection has changed. There's a lot of buyers in the marketplace. There's a decent amount of product. As I said a couple of minutes ago, it's not what it was in 2015, but it's still a very healthy market with some really good circumstances, little overbuilding, growing rental rates, growing occupancies and a lot of institutional capital around the world that's interested in commercial real estate.
Robert Sulentic: Well, Heery does address some markets that we weren't in before in terms of project management. So they do some stuff in the aviation area. They do some stuff in public education and other public sector-type things. That deal or that business comes with not only broadened scope but some seriously talented professionals that are very additive to a number of our local markets. So we're quite excited about that deal and what it adds to our business.
Robert Sulentic: David, we're making really good progress with the clients that came over through GWS, the GWS acquisition. Certainly, some in the area of cross-selling but just broad-based better results with the individual clients we brought over. Client satisfaction has gone way up, which positions us well to sell new services to them and do more of what we're already doing for them. But in the vein of the question you're asking, I think it's worth noting that we have a lot of cross-sell opportunities all over our business when we do work with those big clients. And so the trend is very positive in that regard, and we're happy with the way that specific acquisition has gone and the way those clients are evolving as clients of ours now.
Robert Sulentic: We continue to have good success in attracting talent. This will be the fourth or fifth year in a row where we've recruited, net of departure, several hundred producers around the world. Much like when we do infill acquisitions, we have an advantage in terms of the cost that we pay to recruit or the cost that we pay to retain because brokers that come to our platform or stay on our platform can produce more revenues for themselves and their company here than they do elsewhere. That's a well-proven dynamic. And so recruiting and retention are going well. I think the pressures are actually a little less this year than they were last year. Things have settled out in the industry. And as Jim said, that's been the case for infill acquisitions as well. So we're seeing good opportunities, and we're executing well against those opportunities.
Robert Sulentic: Well, thank you, everyone, and we'll talk to you in about 3 months with our year-end results. Take care.
James Groch: Jade, this is Jim. I don't think we're going to give any forecast at this point. But we'll come back to that at year-end.
James Groch: Yes, our origination business is heavily weighted to multifamily. Not all GSE but definitely heavily weighted to multifamily.
James Groch: I don't think we said that volumes doubled. But volumes are up, so the -- but you do get -- depending on the mix of the type of origination, where it's coming from, factors relating to that, fees can be quite different from one origination to another. So revenues don't always follow level of origination.
James Groch: So the -- we have hit a -- if you look at the overall impact, if you try and assess the overall impact on our numbers from GSE, it was a $21 million negative impact to pretax earnings. And the way you can -- the details of that are, we had $35 million of gains in Q3, we had $26 million of amortization. But if you're comparing, the gains are down by $13 million, the amortization is up by $8 million. The net impact is negative $21 million.
James Groch: Volumes are up. Like I said, they're up. So you -- but you can have time for -- where volumes and revenue just are different just by the nature of the size of the deals, the types of deals, fee structures in different deals.
James Groch: Yes, we have taken a look at the bill that came out yesterday. Our initial take is positive. Obviously, we're going to be cautious and waiting. There could be a lot of twists and turns between now and when legislation is finalized. But net-net, we see it as positive for the industry.
