Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. CBRE posted excellent results for the third quarter with more than 30% growth over prior year quarter on the top and bottom lines. Revenue gains were broad-based with double-digit increases across virtually all global business lines and in every region of the world. This kind of robust performance underscores the power of our globally integrated service offering, which allows us to create exceptional outcomes for our clients and drive long-term growth. In the Americas, our largest business segment, we posted our strongest revenue growth in more than 3 years. Every major business line showed growth in the mid-teens percentages or better, underpinned by robust leasing and capital markets activity and continued strength in occupier outsourcing. Growth also improved in Asia-Pacific. The 23% revenue increase in local currency was the best for this region since the third quarter of 2010 and was driven by stellar results in Australia and Japan. Revenue doubled in EMEA. While our acquisition of Norland last year contributed significantly to this performance, it is important to note that organic revenue growth was very strong at 19% in local currency. We continue to benefit from our increasingly integrated suite of client services across EMEA, as well as better market activity in much of the region. Strategic M&A remains a core element of our strategy. We completed 5 infill acquisitions during the third quarter, 3 in the Americas and 1 each in Asia-Pacific and EMEA, and we maintain an active pipeline of attractive alternatives. Please turn to Slide 5 which details revenue growth by line of business. Capital markets consisting of property sales in commercial mortgage servicing had a standout quarter. Q3 saw a particularly sharp increase in the U.S. Momentum in this business continues to be fueled by robust capital flows. Occupier outsourcing, which we call Global Corporate Services, or GCS, had another outstanding quarter. Organic revenue rose 18% globally over the prior year period as more large occupiers recognized the depth and breadth of integrated solutions that CBRE provides. With the added contributions from Norland, revenue from this business rose 61%. Leasing revenue rose at a double-digit clip for the fifth straight quarter. The U.S. remains the primary growth catalyst. Demand for space in the U.S. is improving in step with better economic conditions, and we are seeing significant payback from our investments in people and platform to produce -- to boost market share and enhance client outcomes. Development Services benefited from improving fundamentals, which continued to support our merchant build and fee development model. We realized gains through the sale of several development projects during the quarter, which led to significant revenue and earnings growth. Revenue declined in Global Investment Management. This decrease was expected, as we generated $30 million of carried interest in last year's third quarter, which was not repeated this year. Excluding carried interest in both periods, revenue rose 7%. More significantly, capital raising activity continued at a brisk pace. Our performance this year has been outstanding. The heart of CBRE's success is our 44,000 professionals around the world who collaborate to advance the specific business strategies of our clients. We thank them for their commitment to excellence. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, who will provide more color on our results.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Please turn to Slide 13. We enter the final months of 2014 with strong momentum across our business lines around the world. Underlying fundamentals continue to improve, and market sentiment remains positive. We continue to execute our strategy by investing in our people and platform to create value for our clients and to extend our competitive advantage in the marketplace. With 2 months left in 2014, our full year performance is coming into sharper focus. Therefore, we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year to a range of $1.65 to $1.70. We do this while being mindful of the slowing economic growth outside the United States and the challenging earnings comparison we face in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, we generated approximately $58 million of EBITDA from carried interest in Q4 last year. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, this is Bob. The -- what we did was we looked at the performance in the third quarter, and we adjusted based on that. We already had a relatively optimistic view of what would happen in the fourth quarter. And so to answer your question directly, the incremental guidance that we gave was due to the performance of our core service business.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, first of all, Anthony, in the third quarter, what you saw hit the AUM was overwhelmingly FX in Europe. So that was the lion's share of it. We've had a good year for capital raising, $9 billion in the last 12 months. We believe that we're going to have success in deploying that capital. So we expect over the next year that we'll see gains in AUM. Now again, with something like FX, we have no control over that at all. So that could impact it, but we -- net of that, we expect to see AUM go up. And as you know, we have sold a lot of assets, $10 billion in the last year plus.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, we're not predicting the amount of AUM that it will grow specifically, but we're expecting AUM to go up.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it was -- there was sales from product types and product ties across the board, but we did have a very good quarter in terms of selling large assets, office buildings in New York, a big multifamily portfolio. So it was a strong quarter. And we -- if you remember, we talked about that little bit in the second quarter. You just can't read too much into any one quarter in this business. We didn't see a lot of that big asset harvest in the second quarter. We had a particularly good third quarter in that regard, and that's what you saw.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, when we comment on that, Brad, we're talking about what everybody's seeing in EMEA, some slowdown in some of the economies there, Germany notably. We are not seeing that in our businesses. We have a strong, large business in EMEA, and it's performing quite well, obviously, growing well. We're -- like everybody else, we're watching to see what happens, but as of right now, we have a lot of confidence in how that business will perform for the rest of the year. Obviously, when you talk about Asia-Pacific, you see a little bit of that pressure on the economy in China and, as a result, Australia with the slowdown in natural resources. But again, it hasn't come through into our business. It's something we're watching, but we remain confident on how those businesses will perform for the balance of the year.
Robert E. Sulentic: In general, we're not seeing that, Brandon. I think the consensus view is that if rates go up a bit, it's going to be indicative of improving economies. Fundamentals are getting better, as you know. Vacancies are declining. Occupancies are increasing, obviously, if vacancies are declining. Lease rates are going up. So I don't think there's a lot of concern, and I think the anticipation of some increase is kind of baked into people's underwriting at this point.
Robert E. Sulentic: I'll comment on leasing. Jim, you might want to do the capital market side or the investment sales. We've, throughout the course of this year, performed on the leasing side better than we expected and better than market. Part of what you see there is we've had -- last year, we had a particularly good year in recruiting. We've had another good year in recruiting this year. We've switched out some less active producers for more active producers, and we've done some things to support our brokers that we hadn't done historically. So our leasing performance has been a little bit out ahead of the market. We think we can sustain a market-exceeding performance. We don't have any reason to believe that leasing is going to get dramatically better in the market than it is now. Now if the economy really picked up in Europe, it would get better because, as you know, leasing isn't doing much there. It's pretty flattish. But we don't see any reason to believe leasing is going to pick up a lot in general.
Robert E. Sulentic: The recruiting? Brokerage is in fact getting more competitive, as it always does at this point in the cycle, and we're noticing that. We've had really good success this year. A big part of the ability to recruit brokers is the platform that we bring them into, the customer base you have, the tools you have to support them with, et cetera. So that's -- and we've escalated our investment in brokerage support over the last couple of years, and it's helping us. But there's no doubt that the recruiting environment is getting more competitive, a little more expensive.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, David, first of all, we have a nice sized retail business. It's growing nicely. But it's not -- the loss of the client -- by the way, the companies that are subject to problems may or may not at any given time be a client of ours. But in general, the loss of a client or 2 wouldn't be material to our overall numbers and just as likely would result in new opportunity to re-lease the space that opened up, so on and so forth. So that kind of circumstance is not a major concern for us.
Robert E. Sulentic: All our businesses are competitive, Mitch, but the Global Corporate Services business is a very sophisticated, integrated cell today, and we have seen steady margins in that business for several years now.
Robert E. Sulentic: We closed 5 infill acquisitions this quarter, and they've all -- they were all within our standard pricing structure. I would say on some of the larger transactions, we are seeing some pricing pressure, and we're just having to be more selective. So, in a couple of recent acquisitions, we just passed early on. But there's enough opportunity out there that you can be disciplined and maintain the type of pricing we've referenced in the past.
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay. Well thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to discussing our year-end results with you in about 90 days.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. So if I look at the equity and income from unconsolidated subs, you have $43 million. How much of that was kind of the carry that, I guess, like in your slide deck you're showing as part of Investment Management. I'm just trying to reconcile, like, how much carry in total or gains in total were in the quarter.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And that -- but again, just to make sure I understand Bob's comments and how they tie, that was contemplated in the prior guidance already.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. And then in investment sales, it was really a strong quarter. I'm just curious if you could put some color around either the types of product that drove the growth, like, was it small buildings, big buildings? Because I think it's tough for us sometimes when we look at the data out there points us in one direction but doesn't always tie to kind of how you guys do. So I'm just curious if you could put some color around it.
James R. Groch: Brad, this is Jim Groch. Brad, I would say no real change on our point of view currently around the use of cash, which is that, largely over time for the last few years, we've been using cash to fund M&A activity, and we are comfortable. Directly to your point, we are comfortable. As you know, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is at 1.5, and we are comfortable with that.
James R. Groch: Brad, it's hard to give you a specific rule of thumb on that, to be honest, just because the nature of the projects vary considerably. We qualify a project in the pipeline as having -- it's met a few conditions, and it's greater than 50% probability of becoming an in-process deal. And so we show the pipeline and the in-process separately, and then over time, you'll see things effectively move from pipeline into in-process. But it can -- I would say, on average, would be anywhere at a low end of 12 to 18 months to 3 or 4 years.
James R. Groch: Brandon, the -- I would say a couple of things. One, as we noted on the call just a few minutes ago, the integration with Norland with our Corporate Services business in EMEA, which just happened this past quarter, went really well. That whole business is rolled within the Norland group now, and there are a variety of opportunities. But first and foremost, I would say, the existing business that we have has continued to grow. Norland grows at a very nice clip, so it's very active. There's a lot of pursuits, and you've seen our revenues in that business grow at a considerable clip, and continue to do so. Likewise, Norland's own business, that client base, continues to grow at a considerable clip. And so there's quite a bit to mine there in existing areas of focus and now kind of having a deeper offering to go after the larger clients together. In addition to that, there's some of the opportunities that you mentioned, but -- and they're already happening. But frankly, the bigger opportunities are the ones that I just [indiscernible].
James R. Groch: Yes, David, this is Jim. It has picked up a little bit in Q3. It was -- but still relatively flat without some incremental contribution from acquisition of PKF.
James R. Groch: Yes. But the base business itself has picked up a bit. So where we thought it's going to be down for the year, it's actually picked up, and it's closer to flat year-over-year without the benefit of an acquisition.
James R. Groch: And that's with regard to the Americas. Outside of the Americas, that business is growing quite nicely.
