Brett White: Good morning and good afternoon, and thank you, Nick. Please turn to slide four. This quarter, our strong performance in evidence of the continued commercial real estate recovery comes against the backdrop of persistent sovereign debt concerns in Europe and tepid economic unemployment growth in the U.S. Revenue growth for CBRE was strong in the third quarter. Total company revenue was over $1.5 billion, representing a 21% increase over the third quarter of 2010. This growth was balanced across all geographies in most service lines. Leasing revenue increased 19% in the third quarter of 2011 with all regions increasing by double digits in the quarter. The largest percentage gains in Leasing were in Asia Pacific and EMEA. Outsourcing revenue accelerated significantly in the third quarter of 2011 with growth of 19%. All geographies had double-digit growth with EMEA leading the other two regions. Investment Sales growth was 23% for the total company entirely driven by the Americas as EMEA and Asia Pacific were essentially flat. Investment Management revenue showed a significant increase from higher asset management fees primarily driven by CBRE Clarion Securities, which we acquired on July 1st, as well as higher incentive fees. Normalized EBITDA increased to $194.8 million from $175.5 million. Our normalized EBITDA margin was 12.7% versus 13.9% in the third quarter of 2010. This margin comparison is impacted by an unfavorable variance of 60 basis points resulting from an increase in net carried interest compensation expense in our Investment Management business this year versus last. Another 60 basis point unfavorable variance was due to increased legal reserves associated with two unrelated cases and insurance reserves on claims within our Appraisal & Valuation business, which date back to the downturn. Despite these variances as well as higher Outsourcing business mix and increased staffing in EMEA, which also contributed to lower operating leverage in the quarter, we are still not satisfied with the overall EBITDA margin result and fully expect our cost production measures to show greater impact in the fourth quarter of 2011. Because of this, we reiterate our expectation that full year 2011 normalized EBITDA margin will exceed full year 2010 normalized EBITDA margin. Some of the most significant transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are shown here on slide five. As usual, I will not go through them individually but we have included them for your review. I will now turn the call over to Gil to go over financial results in detail.
Brett White: Thank you, Gill. And please turn to slide 18. Despite foreign debt challenges in Europe and uncertainty in the economic recovery in the U.S., we continue to believe that we are in the early stages of a cyclical recovery. Outsourcing fundamentals remained very strong as evidenced by the strong growth this quarter and revenues should continue to grow in the double digits for the intermediate term. The ING REIM acquisition will provide another significant source of stable, growing revenue that will be accretive to our overall EBITDA margin. In addition, we expect to see increased revenue flowing to our other lines of business as the ING REIM operations are integrated. The final piece of the ING REIM acquisition will close as scheduled during the fourth quarter. When it does, we will hold a special call to discuss that business in much more detail. Investment Sales should continue to grow due to financing availability for core assets, investor appetite per yield and attractiveness of the asset class as an inflation hedge. Leasing growth rate should revert to historical norms as the economy begins to stabilize. We remain focused on margins balanced with strategic recruiting in the appropriate service lines and geographies. We continue to expect EPS to be within our initial guidance range of $0.95 to a $1.05 for the full year. Our full year normalized EBITDA margin should exceed prior year. And with that, operator, we’d like to take questions.
Brett White: Well, as you know, Anthony, this is a seasonal business and a very significant component of our earnings come true in Q4. So it’s a bit more variable than the other quarters arrange therefore it’s a bit wider and, I think that it’s – from our standpoint, it’s good to give you guys as much guidance as we can but probably foolish to try and tell you that we know within a couple of pennies where it’s going to end up.
Brett White: Well as far as I am going to take that what we’ve said, which is we expect that we’re going to have full year margin for 2011. It’s higher than our full year margin for 2010. And you can do any kind of math you want to do but you’re right, that would imply that we are fairly confident around the business lines at the moment and we are. When you look at the third quarter numbers, it’s striking to me that both leasing and sales globally showed good increase, sales only in the U.S. but Leasing in all three geographies. And again as I think as you know you Anthony, if there’s one good leading indicator of job growth and of growth I think in the revenues for this industry, you probably pick Leasing because these are large corporate customers, entering the marketplace committing to long term space leases. So, we like what we saw on the third quarter. We particular like that the Leasing numbers held up quite well and that’s about as far as I think I can take that.
Brett White: Right. Well, the first, your first question on healthcare and government, these are massive, massive opportunities both here I United States and outside the States and I will say that the outsourcing of that type of work, we’ve just begun the scratch the surface. We believe we have a particular competency in this healthcare space brought to us from the Trammell Crow acquisition. You may recall Anthony or perhaps you don’t but Trammell Crow had a very deep and very specific healthcare outsourcing business. They did Baylor down in Texas, they still have that account and that expertise really jump-started our firms exploitation of that market. As it pertains to outside the United States in terms of why that growth rate is high and what we expect for the future, remember first of all, there’s been virtually no outsourcing in those two geographies historically. I think the seminal point here or the data point that’s most interesting to us is that it appears that this is a trend that has now caught on and we saw some very large pieces of business in those geographies, led of course by our Pru business in the UK. But, I think that we’re finally at that point, where large European and it’s primarily European, lesser extent Asian customers are embracing the concept.
Brett White: Yeah, Outsourcing unlike the other transaction businesses is very much a cost first business, so let me just first say, you’re not going to see the delta in incremental margins in Outsourcing that you’re going to stay in Leasing or sales where we can onboard lease revenues and sale revenues with zero additional cost other than commission. In Outsourcing those structural margins you see in Outsourcing of low teens are probably close to what they probably are, what the incremental margins are or less as because as I said many times you onboard the cost before you get the revenues. But though that having been said, if you just keep in your model margins for general outsourcing in the low double-digits, you’re going to get it right.
Brett White: Sure. Well, first of all, to your specific question in, and I’ll use here the U.S. data first, in the U.S. sales velocity so number of transactions in the quarter was about 18% higher than the same quarter in 2010. In Leasing, it was about flat, although Leasing pickup in revenue came from leased sites, in other words square footage.
Brett White: And what we look for in these numbers as an indicator of future quarters is a couple of things. First, trending, so for instance we would look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and see if there is a trend there, our Leasing revenues going up, are they going down. Same thing for sales and what we’re taking away from all that is that it is, we’re getting to that point where Leasing is going to begin operating in normal way. And that’s not 20% or 30% growth a year, it’s probably high singles, low doubles. On the sales side, we just continue be impressed with the increases in sale revenues flowing through the business in the States. I don’t have any reason to expect that they’re going to maintain that level, but I think they’ll be good. I also believe that the sale business will pick up fairly soon in EMEA again and in Asia Pacific. So, we look forward and we see a decent business out there for the transaction businesses.
Brett White: Well, it’s a combination of those things and others but I would say, Brandon, the first place I’d go to answer that question is I look at history and what we know about the capital markets is that generally speaking, the capital markets just call a time out almost instantly when there is a large amount of uncertainty in the marketplace about resolving something. If it’s the bid ask, if it’s an event of some sort, in this case the sovereign debt issues in Europe, capital markets move very quickly. You can cancel the sales in one minute phone call and once that uncertainty goes away, it doesn’t really matter directionally where it goes, once buyers and sellers believe that they can forecast their future a bit better, typically and historically that capital markets business returns. So, if I just use history as a lesson or a guide here, I would say that there’s more certainty now that this can’s been kicked down the road a bit, maybe not sold forever but sold for a while and that should bring some enthusiasm back to that European sale market.
Brett White: Well, first of all it’s impossible to say. The way that these contracts go out, it’s all about a very formal RFP process. I’ll tell you our pipelines look quite robust. I also got to tell you that if you had told me a year ago that we’d see these growth rates in Outsource, I would have told you you’re out of your mind. These are historically high growth rates in Outsourcing. It’s hard for me to believe that they can be maintained yet. I’ve been wrong now for two quarters. So, there is something very fundamental going on in this Outsourcing business and I think its two things. One, I think that in difficult markets and we kind of went from enthusiasm in the markets to despair this year, in difficult markets there is a real momentum around Outsourcing to reduce cost. The second I think more important dynamic here is that we believe and of course everyone else will say it’s about their firm, but we believe we have a clear competitive advantage in this business than we’ve had in the past and our win rate which is close to a 100%, I think demonstrates that. So, we feel good, we feel positive about that Outsourcing space. I think it’s become a very, very big piece of our overall story and I don’t see anything the moment in terms of headwinds in that space.
Brett White: Yeah, I think that we definitely picked up share in Outsourcing, there is no doubt about that. In the Leasing and sale business, it’s harder to say. In the sale business in the U.S., no question we picked up share and that’s been documented by the publications that follow the capital markets in the States. Hard to tell in Asia and Europe, we need to see couple of competitors who are poor before if I can give you a better answer on that. My guess is that on the share side in Europe and Asia, Outsourcing, we may pick up some share, Leasing probably, sales I don’t know.Kemp Sloan Bohlen – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right, thank you.
Brett White: At the moment, which I like by the way, Will. What that tells you and I is that we’ve got some bullish customers out there who are for whatever reason are taking more space than they – and by the way it was 10% was the increase in amount of space taken Q3 2011 over Q3 2010. I like that...
Brett White: And I don’t have that data globally, we don’t have that data. But I think is a good proxy though for global. And also the fact that rents didn’t go down, the fact that we got that growth with flat rent, I like that because we have been saying and we continue to believe that we’re going to see vacancy rates decline over the next three quarters and rental rates begin to inch up and as they do that’s free revenue, it, you don’t have to work any harder to earn more revenue in the Leasing business when rates go up.
Brett White: Yeah, at the end of the second quarter we had $400 million of term debt that was raised but we’re sitting on the balance sheet. We hadn’t spent that cash until July 1 for Clarion Securities and then by the end of the third quarter we had drawn down the term loan C for $400 million. We only spent $65 million of it in Asia with $335 still sitting on the balance sheet and that is to go to ING REIM at Europe in part. So, that’s the movement.
Brett White: Yeah, Will, there’s several items. The large ones are when you look year-over-year we had carried interest expense this year in the third quarter of $7.4 million versus a reversal last year of $1.4 million and then we had $8.6 million of legal and insurance reserves primarily related to our Valuation business and primarily dating to development on claims that go all the way back to the downturn.
Brett White: I’ll give you the latter and not the former. So, valuations at the moment for those kinds of businesses after the synergies will be extracted from them you should expect those to be in the single digits. Some we’re looking at right now are coming in low, call it the five, six range. Others that are more mature business, more stable type of cash flow are coming at the higher end of that single-digit range. But the M&A market at the moment is surprisingly active at the small end. I mean I think we all get it at the big end there are some really distressed companies out there in our space but at the small end there seem to be more and more small companies that are concluding that it just isn’t possible to compete any more as a small company and joining the large firm, whether it’s us Sir Jones Lang or somebody else, it’s probably a better way to take care of their customers. I would tell you the total amount we spent on those in-fields was $12 million. Gil just pointed out to me, it’s actually in his script for the call. So, I guess we did call that out and it’s $12 million.
Brett White: I just don’t know. It’s – I think we’re all watching with interest those firms and wondering how that’s all going to play out and I think it’s very uncertain at the moment how that’s going to play out. I’ll tell you that and by the way they’re all good companies, just different strategies. But what it has done which I will comment about, is it has certainly provided the larger staple firms with a good pool of talent to recruit.
Gil Borok: Yeah, I think there’s two points, first of all, one of major actions we took was to slow hiring which would obviously not have had cost associated with it and then there were some cost associated with getting cost out but not material enough to call out of normalized.
Gil Borok: No, you’re talking about the revenue pie chart versus the America’s Asia regional breakout. They were tying total, yes, it’s on the same basis Property Management and Facilities Management fees. There’s no sale or lease in those numbers obviously. They’re on...
Gil Borok: So, if you, so Will, if you take those numbers that $17.6 million total and these unusual one-time items, if you were to normalize those out, we didn’t, but if you were we will report a 21% EBITDA growth on a margin of close to 14%.
Gil Borok: I think that and just, David, to be clear on that, the bidding once jest about hiring brokers is a kind of a silly thing. I don’t think for any firm it moves the needle but because other firms were making a very big deal about hiring three brokers here or five brokers there, we started getting questions from some of you about what we had done and so we reluctantly began talking about the hiring of brokers. But I would just caution even on the call that it doesn’t – first of all, it never moves the needle for the first couple of years because you got to pay something to get most of these people and even once those that’s been amortized off, I can’t imagine there is a firm that’s so small that you guys follow that are hiring 20 brokers or 30 brokers in a year matters because your attrition is going to be probably that or more.David Ridley Lane – Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, that’s all from me. Thank you very much.
