Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to Slide 18. We believe that the commercial real estate market will continue to recover in 2012 despite continued macro challenges. As for our business, we expect to grow both earnings and normalized EBITDA margins even in this soft transaction environment. Outsourcing of revenue is likely to grow in the low-double digits, one of the faster growth rates among our service lines. Investment sales will grow in line with a broader economic recovery with core assets still being the driver, but with increasing contribution from secondary market recoveries. Leasing growth rates will likely be modest and heavily weighted toward the third and fourth quarters. Any revenue increase in this business would be driven by meaningful employment growth and rental rate improvement in the Americas and elsewhere. EBITDA in investment management will be higher than 2011 due to full year impact of the businesses acquired from ING, while development services EBITDA will be lower due to large gains Gil mentioned we achieved in 2011. By taking advantage of the revenue growth drivers just mentioned and continuing our focus on effective cost controls, our goal is to again achieve 2012 normalized EBITDA margins greater than we achieved in 2011. It is important to note that 2012 performance is likely to be more backend loaded than usual due to the slow transaction environment we have experienced in the heightened market uncertainty. Our outlook for 2012 assumes a pickup in job growth, economic activity and sentiment by the summer. Giving due consideration to all of these factors as well as anticipated higher interest depreciation and amortization expense mainly as a result of the inclusion of ING REIM for the full year, we currently anticipate that full year 2012 normalized earnings per share will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25. As we told you last year, forecasting EPS in an environment such as this is exceptionally difficult. We may very well update this guidance throughout the year as full year trends become clear. With that, operator, we're ready for questions.
Brett White: We believe that as we've mentioned before that we are by far leasing brokerage from in those financial world markets. I don't believe it has changed anywhere over the past few years. It is absolutely true, and we're excited about this. For a long time, we've got a competitor that is really nipping at our heels at leasing in certain markets, and it's great to have them. It's been a while since we've had anyone really anywhere where we're at in leasing business, and we look forward to a good fight for share going forward. But I would say that we picked up decent share in most markets and we remained by a pretty good margin the number one leasing firm in most of the major world markets.
Brett White: I think the quarter is somewhat irrelevant. I think the full year numbers are more relevant. But the trend you're referring to exists in the full year numbers as well. And I think there is a lot of things going on in those numbers and it's different by geography both globally and within the United States. I think the bottomline for us is we have a very, very strong commercial leasing business in most of the major world markets, but there is no doubt that it's getting more competitive everyday. And I think what you're going to see by the way is, and this is very consistent with what we've been talking about for years, this business is rapidly consolidating down to a very small number of players. And the trend you're referring to, that player along with us I believe is going to capture the vast majority of the available share going forward. And I suspect the quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, those numbers will move a bit back and forth. That trend is absolute. And I suspect that the mid-tier firms and the smaller firms, you're just going to see them lose more and more share every quarter and every year and move more of that share on board to these two firms that are the demonstrated market leaders. I think I'm pleased with the position we have in the major markets, and I think that at the same time, we've got a lot of work to do to retain that number one position in every major world market, because it's under attack everywhere and it's something that we pay attention to. But, yes, I'm generally pleased with results.
Brett White: And I would say that the general story on the corporate services space at the moment is that, this does remain a very, very competitive marketplace and there are lots of players that are in that marketplace. We believe we capture a very good share of that space both in terms of new clients entering market but also when existing clients to go re-bid.  And I don't have the statistic for the fourth quarter. Our loss rate is almost zero. It's a very, very rare day that a client terminates us in that space and goes with somebody else and we un-board it, in 2011 and particularly in the fourth quarter, some very impressive clients. I think what you're going to see, Anthony, in 2012 and going forward is that this market is advancing much more quickly than we thought it would. That's good news and it's advancing globally, also more quickly than we thought it would and that's also very good news. Yet its no secret to you, these contracts come with significant upfront cost and they can be punishing to short term margins, although we price them and make absolutely certain as we price them that one those accounts stabilize, their run rates margins are very good. But you're going to see I think forever and going forward and you've seen in 2011 that these are very expensive accounts that come in with real cost and for quarter or two they can materially hurt a margins a bit but if you have an no problem, they're hit and run rate we can cover all that more with the terrific performance of the existing accounts. But we're really, really excited about that business. And you saw that more than half of our gross in the fourth quarter came from outsourcing. So its been extremely helpful to the company as well as you know last four years.
Brett White: Well I always give specifics but remember we take bonuses on the next few weeks and that will hit cash to the couple of hundred million.
Brett White: And let me just add a little bit to that. I know you understand all this but we have some colors that are probably telling new story. For folks who understand, first of all we're seasonal business and we tend to onboard cash heavily in the third and fourth quarter as in very little in the first and second quarters. So we end up every year with a heavy cash balance, because of the seasonality. And also because we need to preserve a decent amount of cash to payout bonuses, we have 31,000 employees and many of those are bonusable and so, those numbers add up as Gil just mentioned. Given where we are in the cycle, we see lots of opportunity out there to grow the business not just organically but through acquisitions and so having this cash on the balance sheet as opposed to using it for other things. To us, it's a wise move at the moment. And that's, as Gil mentioned, you're seeing that the combined dynamics of saving for bonuses plus opportunities in market moving up that cash number a bit higher than we usually have it.
Brett White: 173 for the year, so its accounted very two days, Sloan, and that's just an unprecedented rate of growth, but I think more important issue by far, is that because of the great of the on-boarding of these accounts. What we're looking at now is a very long run way of margins that should be moving up a little bit each year in that business as we at this bid down. And you can imagine we're very excited about the long-term prospects for outsourcing given the rate of growth like we're seeing right now.
Brett White: It's not pricing power. But let me tell you, how we get there. We get there by not bidding on accounts that we think our price too low. So that there is no way in a competitive market environment like this one and that business is super competitive. We don't have any pricing power, none. And we get into the bid process and we know what the margins we want. As a client for whatever reason is unrolling to pay those margins we drop out. And so I suppose the net effect of all that is it kind of feels like pricing power but it's more turning down accounts that are not profitable in that force and only pursuing those that are. And I've talked about this I think it's going to be a long, long time before in the outsourcing business any provider really has a pricing power to speak of. I do believe that even right now in the first quarter of 2012, I do believe that all the service providers have done a much better job of educating these clients around the idea that it makes sense to pay reasonable pricing with a reasonable margin for these services, because what's happened to number of these clients is they've done and they've hired or they're consulting even worse, they're consultants find out and hired a low margin, low cost bidder. Six months into the contract they calls up and ask them to help them out because there provider is failing miserably. They don't have the platform, they didn't price it right. We make sure we'll remind those clients that we're happy to do it, but there is a reason why we dropped out of the bid. And that's happening less and less as those failures are more obvious and I think in public and that is allowing the marketplace I think the price, the business at our free process a bid better for us. They may did in the past. This is just not a business that I think any smart corporation or owner for that matter would want to choose a low cost provider. It is far too strategic to what they do. And the risks to choosing the wrong provider are far too large. And that helps pricing as well.
Brett White: Well, it's all those things but what really it this is time without shock. And as you well know and most of the callers are very well aware, we're in this very odd recovery. Its fits and starts, it's incremental. And it is so skeptical at the moment to settlement either positive or negative, settlement at house outsized impacts on the market. So when we see a shock to this system which may actually but not be material. It can freeze the credit market. And certainly you folks know this even better than I do. And when you see a single good jobs report like what came out last week, this is euphoria that everything is gotten entirely better, neither a true. And so because of that what the capital markets need is just a period of time of quiet of no new big news. And I'm hopeful that 2012 may actually be the year where that happens and that what we get is a return to a more normal recovery/extension cycle, and we have not had one to date since the bottom of the downturn and that's what we need. So when you begin to see financing loosen up fairly quickly, you may recall and our callers may recall that by the spring of 2011, a sentiment was things were getting better quickly, the first quarter and most of the second quarter. And the secondary property markets being to see a lot of action in that kind of May, June timeframe. And then we get a shock again and everything shut down again, and all the money went back to core. That kind of bunker mentality, anytime there is a buy check, exists very much today, just as it did last year and the year before. And those secondary markets, I believe are not going to get real action and real traction until the recovery has a chance to operate in a normal fashion as without big negative shock.
Brett White: I will tell you this Will, which is not, I don't think material to a number, but at least interesting. The senior management bonus, it will payout less money in 2011 than it did in 2010. And just as a reminder to everybody, the senior management is not paid out on a profit share bonus. In CBRE we believe that we need to raise the performance target objectively for management every year in recovery, so the net of impact to that is we have to do much, much better in 2011 over 2010 to get the bonuses we earned in 2010. And while we did much better, it wasn't enough to get us back to that level. So it's a material decrease. And the senior management bonuses in 2011 or what we received in 2010, it's a real good bonus program. And I think it's dead-on aligned with shareholders, who want to see improved performance every year and not the same performance every year.
Brett White: Gil, let me hit the front of that and you can remind him what you spoke to in the script. But, Will, I think from an operational standpoint I can tell you that the integration is complete. We've fully integrated the people, we are in the process of and the physical facility integration obviously takes a few months, but its well on its way. And I think I can tell you, as we sit here today that this integration may very well end being the best operational integration we've ever had. And we hold and you know, we are very, very focused on successful integrations. We haven't had a bad one yet, all of them have been very good. This one was damn close to flawless. And all that credit by the way goes to Jim Groch and our integration team, Cal Frese and others. It was really good. Now, there are remaining cost to be had and, Gil, would you just please give Will what you mentioned earlier.
Brett White: And, Will, just subjectively, because I know what you're driving here. Just subjectively, I think I can give you comfort and the rest of callers comfort that we did not have any negative surprises in terms or performance for that business in 2011, either the time we owned it or prior to it being owned by us.
Brett White: For U.S. leasing it was purely a story of number of trends of velocity, number of transactions they were down 8% quarter-over-quarter. And that was the entirety of the change quarter-over-quarter in the leasing revenues rents were it was very little change in rents in the quarter. And there was a very little change in square footage. And by the way, what we're seeing in that marketplace, as you would expect with the type of economy we're dealing with right now is of all the business lines we have leasing in the U.S. is the one acting most abnormal through a typical recovery cycle. And the reason of course, and this is obviously, I know that you David and everyone else, the reason for that is the job growth is so muted. So in a typical recovery you have a combined impact of rental rate growth, which tends to move very quickly, up in recovery cycle and wrap a job growth, which tends to move very quickly up. We don't have either of those right now, because of the type of very, very incremental recovery rent. We believe both of those are coming. And I think as most of you know, in 2011, I believe the number was 56 million square feet of construction was brought to the market in United States, which is the absolute lowest amount of new constructions since the numbers were kept in 1960. What it tells you is, you have a lot of people out there right now, who are not willing to build a new building and lenders unwilling to lend on one. But what also tells us is, is that when the recovery gets its legs and we get real job growth, rents could move up very, very quickly, because the inventory number is artificially constrained right now. But, David, the answer to your question was, it was purely velocity. And our comments on the scripted portion of the call, way the leasing our expectation is, is that leasing is going to remain very muted until we see meaningful job growth. And our projections are based on a lot of different data points is that we think that's a Q3, Q4 event and Q1 and Q2 on leasing will be relatively flat perhaps nominally up or nominally down, it's not going to move much. The surprise, if we get, one will be up. I think the level leasing we're seeing right now is pretty much dial tone. We're also now working off of compares that are quite strong, as you saw, the leasing number for 2011 was a record high. So we are at a high level. I don't see a lot of growth in that until we see real job growth. And hopefully, we're going to see that second-half figure.
Brett White: Yes, they would. I think that for us when we'll know the January wasn't a head fake is when you get probably three months of these together. And I think that most large corporations will look for something generally like that as well. They're going to start ramping-up space acquisitions in a very serious way if these job numbers hold for another month or a month-and-a-half. The consumer numbers are pretty decent too. So again, we're more bullish than we are pessimistic on leasing globally in 2012. But we think it should be a bit more back-ended than normal.
Gil Borok: Tony, I think the best way to talk through it is to go back to my comments, which suggested that if you take out the cost containment expenses that are in operating expenses, we get to a percentage of revenue that's 31% on a comparable basis to prior year of 31.2%. And that would take out what we've normalized essentially in the operating expense line. And in that line, I think we have $11 million of such costs. So whatever is on the P&L, you can take $11 million out for OpEx for cost containment. And in addition, we have about $45 million of integration cost in that line associated with ING REIM. So a total of about $55 million.
Gil Borok: The $40 million is the savings from the action taken in the fourth quarter, which approximates to about 500 positions. So that's the run rate savings in '12 or full year savings that we project from these actions. And at the moment, that's what we have taken to rightsize expense against where we think revenues are going to be against the market environment.
Gil Borok: I don't have the numbers in front of me, so this is going to be a gross generalization. It's a rare day that our outsourcing contract renews and we get paid more for doing the same work. We got paid to time before. These clients are heavily, heavily focused on cost that's why they put the contracts out and every time you renew it they're grind.  So I would just tell you that in this business the ability to push pricing is almost non-existent which wouldn't therefore extrapolate to that 14% being primarily new accounts or the addition of new services to existing accounts. Now that is where the renewals get exciting for us because once we prove ourselves with newer generation accounts, we are allowed to perform additional services to them and many times the additional services could bring in the great margins not the original services we were hired for. I think, Anthony, we've gone over that with you and the other callers many times but facilities management many times is a lead. Facilities management is a decent margin business but nothing to get excited about. But it's the additional services that we can sell through that push those margins and those many times come at renewal or later.
Gil Borok: It will be a little bigger than, Brett. But that's exactly, Brett's, on that course with seasonality in the business. You know you have to anticipate bonuses going out that will be a sizeable chunk of change. And also when you look at the balance sheet there is over $1 billion showing cash, we met about $200 million that is consolidated but we don't controls in entities that are all consolidated to investment management segment. And so forth. So there is about $800 million, a little bit over $800 million of which about a $500 is in the U.S., a big chunk goes out for bounces. There will be some left over. After that obviously and that would be held for now to access opportunities in the market and given uncertainties in Europe and so forth. We are leaning toward and tending toward having a cash balance available for use until we have some better visibility for the pursuable future.
Gil Borok: No, we don't. I guess the numbers we mentioned, it is north of $200 million, but that's and best as much as we're going to say.
Gil Borok: Well that's a logical conclusion I'd like to, we would want to covert the cash, yes. So it should ought to grow in line with earnings, yes.
Gil Borok: You're right. The overall is about $150 million of overall integration cost, and we're about halfway through. In terms of cash expenditures, a lot of that is over time. So we're back-half. My comment was I believe in response to cost containment and with that action was all contemplated currently.
Gil Borok: Thanks, but no. Once again there's a potential for about $70 million of additional co-investments, but it's not and certain things have to happen in order to have those trigger.
Gil Borok: I'm not going to comment on that. The 2010 numbers that we gave was a proxy for what that acquisition would do relative to the total. Obviously, 2011 is not a full year and a lot of that has now been integrated. So I don't want to get into bifurcating out the ING contribution from the rest of the investment management business. It will be accretive in 2012 and it is moderately accretive as we've said and it is all incorporated in throughout 2012 guidance.
Gil Borok: It's going to be around the $180 million all-in. So that's not just on corporate borrowing, so to speak, but also the entities that we consolidate and therefore run through interest expense on our P&L. So about $45 million a quarter.
