Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. The opening months of 2015 have been an exciting time for CBRE on a number of fronts. As you saw in our press release, the strong momentum in our business continued in the first quarter, with double-digit growth on the top and bottom lines. The strong increase in adjusted earnings per share is especially notable during a quarter when analysts are expecting average earnings for S&P companies to be down over last year. In these results, we are seeing the impact of our strategy to drive growth by enhancing our service offering for clients, strengthening the platform that enables our professionals to deliver market-leading solutions, augmenting our talent pool through strategic recruiting and targeted M&A, and continuing our focus on balance sheet strength, which supports investments in our people and platform while providing financial flexibility.  Strong broker recruiting has continued into the first quarter of 2015, as talented professionals recognize the many advantages CBRE affords them, both in meeting the full spectrum of client needs and in building their careers. The first quarter performance of the leasing and sales businesses, particularly in the Americas, reflects our recruiting success over the past two years, and continued increased production by our existing transaction professionals, as our largest business segment, the Americas, is benefiting significantly from our strategy and was a primary growth catalyst during the quarter.  The region posted its third consecutive quarter of at least 20% revenue growth, along with strong, normalized EBITDA growth and healthy margin expansion. Asia-Pacific also performed well, with double-digit revenue growth, before the effects of currency translation. Growth slowed in Europe, Middle East and Africa, and turned negative in US dollar terms, as we faced a challenging comparison against last year’s robust first quarter. We have completed two in-fill acquisitions this year that bolster our service offering. The first was United Commercial Realty, a highly regarded firm that serves retailers and retail property investors across the US. The second, which we closed two weeks after the end of the first quarter, was Environmental Systems, Inc., an energy management specialist that complements the array of services offered by our global corporate services business.  Finally, and very importantly, as you all are aware, we announced an agreement in late March to acquire the Global Workplace Solutions business from Johnson Controls. This is a significant strategic move for CBRE. It will vastly expand our ability to self-perform facilities management services on a worldwide basis, particularly for more technically oriented facilities, and it will deepen our relationships with some of the world’s largest corporations. In the days following the news, we have had an enthusiastic reaction from the employees of both companies, from our shareholders, and most significantly, from our clients. The regulatory approval process is underway, and we look forward to completing the transaction later this year, and welcoming John Murphy and the GWS employees from more than 50 countries from around the world. We are also excited about our strategic partnership with Johnson Controls, which will enhance our ability to bring innovation and value to our clients.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim, who will describe our first quarter performance in more detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. CBRE accomplished a great deal in the first few months of 2015. First, we announced our largest acquisition in eight years, which when completed will materially advance our strategy for serving occupiers. Second, we continue to make investments in our people and platform to enhance our competitive position. And third, we again generated outstanding financial results for our shareholders. Our 52,000 professionals are extremely hard-working and intensely focused on harnessing the full breadth of CBRE’s resources and expertise to create great outcomes for our clients. We thank you them for their contributions to our success. Needless to say, we’re pleased with our start to 2015. However, it’s important to bear in mind that the first quarter comprises a relatively small portion of our annual revenue and earnings, and as we have often said, it may not be an effective barometer of full year performance. What’s more, our currency hedges are marked-to-market each quarter, and at current rates the hedging gains we realized in the first quarter will be offset by currency translation losses in future quarters. Similarly, we can expect GSE lending activity, which moved robustly in the quarter, to taper off later this year as regulatory caps come into play, and other lenders step up their activity. In light of this, we are maintaining our expectations for adjusted earnings per share of $1.90 to $1.95 for 2015, an increase of 15% over 2014, at the midpoint of our estimate. There is good underlying momentum in our business, and the advantages we enjoy as the global market leader are becoming more pronounced as we continue to invest in our people, our platform and our service offering. Increasingly, investors and occupiers are gravitating to CBRE, due to our ability to deliver high-quality, globally integrated solutions that leverage the industry’s top talent to create real competitive advantages for our clients around the world. Operator, we’ll now open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Brad, this is Bob. FX took our revenue growth down significantly in the EMEA this quarter, but we were dealing with a very, very strong compare relative to last year, so that was a big part of what you saw. The other thing to keep in mind is, the first quarter is a relatively small part of the year, so in any region, and particularly in Europe and Asia, which are smaller than the US, you can have a few things move from one quarter or the next, or be pulled into one quarter from to the previous quarter, and it changes your trajectory and numbers pretty materially. So I think those are really the three things I would look at: FX, small quarter, and really very, very difficult compare from last year.
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, we have a pretty good picture in terms of capital raising around the world right now, certainly raising capital here in the US and in Europe. In terms of fee pressure, what you are seeing is some shift in Europe from funds to separate accounts, separate accounts have lower fees, so that’s been in our business. But there is a good amount of capital around the world coming into the business. We’ve raised capital in Asia, we’ve raised capital in Europe, and we’ve raised capital here. We expect to have a very strong year, in the last 12 months, obviously, $9 billion, and we expect this year to play out similarly, and we expect to see it coming from around the world.
Bob Sulentic: As you saw in EMEA, sales were up over last year, leasing was down, and again the compare last year, I think revenue without Norland was up in the region in total 27% last year, so – and then the capital markets was up substantially more than that. I wouldn’t point to any specific deals moving in one direction or another, but just the compare is really the key issue there. Overall, all the markets are still quite strong, if you look – in particular if you look back as to kind of what they have been doing over the last two years of Q1.
Bob Sulentic: Occupiers are really looking for us to self-perform technical services, and that was a big part of the motivation for estimating the GWS acquisition, and they are looking for us to be more and more connected around the globe, so deep in all parts of the globe, that was another motivation for us to do that. So that’s the trend. We have seen it for years. It’s continuing in that direct, and so we have to have an offering that’s consistent with that, and our GWS acquisition does that in a big way.
Bob Sulentic: David, I don’t think what we saw in the first quarter this year was spill-over from deals that didn’t get closed last year. First of all, it’s really important to remember it’s just one quarter, and it’s the smallest quarter of the year, so any kind of movement can seem large relative to the first quarter. We expect to see decent growth this year over last year here in the US and in Europe, lesser growth in Asia-Pacific, more capital moving around the world. What we saw in the first quarter is the percentage of the capital that went into deals here in the US from outside the US was about 50% higher than it was on a run-rate basis last year, so you see more of that global movement. You see a really healthy demand for real estate because of the improving fundamentals, but I don’t think that we can read too much into the first quarter that would cause us to think the year is going to play out differently than we thought 90 days ago, and I don’t think what we saw in the first quarter was anything tied to end of year last year, one way or the other.
Bob Sulentic: First of all, Brandon, it’s a quite small part of our business relative to the whole of the Americas, so it won’t have a material impact. We wouldn’t want to predict what is going to happen with currency there. We have a very good business in Canada, we expect it to grow this year nicely, but we don’t expect movements in currency to impact our numbers, and we don’t expect on the margin what goes on in Canada to have a really big impact on the trajectory of our Americas business overall.
Gil Borok: Hi. It’s Gil. Good morning. If you recall, with the acquisition of Norland we had a shift of part of those services to OpEx, and that’s part of the reason why we’re running at a 25% [revenue], and – what used to be closer to 30%. And we also had the foreign currency gains that showed up in OpEx, so that’s where it shows up in our P&L, and that helped reduce it as a percentage of revenue. So it’s not a run rate, but we’ll run lower than we have historically.
Gil Borok: You are correct. I was just giving you a context of why we’re running closer to 25% than sort of the 30% we had historically, but it was in the numbers in Q1, you’re correct.
Gil Borok: Yes, so Brad, the $13 million is a net number, it’s the hedging gains less transaction losses, and that’s a pre-tax number. So when you tax-effect it, that’s the $0.02 net favorability.
Jim Groch: Hi, Anthony, this is Jim Groch. A couple of things I would say to that. One is that the – I think the research on leasing is uneven, but I would say it’s more likely that we have really seen in – the market is up slightly versus the same quarter last year. And then I do think the share gains are sustainable, as you continue to see the industry consolidate.
Jim Groch: Yes, you’re correct, Anthony. The vast majority of it is naturally hedged, so you see the impact primarily on revenue. And then we hedge the majority of our anticipated EBITDA, and as a result, we don’t have a lot of exposure there.
Jim Groch: Thank you. Operator Our next question today is coming from Brad Burke from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jim Groch: Hi, Brad. This is Jim. We’ll continue to work on infill acquisitions and, as you have seen us do, you know, it may slow down slightly but that’s just, if it doesn’t it’s just a result of activity level with, you know, the large deal that will be integrating, but we continue to pursue and execute M&A. As far as the impact on our leverage we gave guidance that we expected our leverage ratio to end the year at 1.7 or so, obviously that’s an estimate, but that includes some anticipated in-fill.
Jim Groch: We still had operating leverage, even without both – even without the benefit of the gains from servicing and the hedging. So we gave guidance at the end of Q4 that we had picked operating leverage of about 50 basis points in our three regional businesses in 2014, and that we were anticipating continued operating leverage for the year in 2015, probably in the similar range.
Jim Groch: I think we said it might be down slightly from the 50 basis points at the end of last year, so we’re not really changing that guidance.
Jim Groch: They are definitely looking outside the tier 1 cities for yield, obviously, and for just plain old product. There’s a limitation on product in places like San Francisco and New York, so they are moving into the second-tier cities, they are finding product, they’re finding product, they’re getting higher yields, and we expect that to continue. That plays very well into our business model, because we are deep in capital markets in those second-tier cities.
Jim Groch: Sorry, just noted that our business overall, our transaction business overall completed $285 billion of transactions in 2014, and I was just making the comment that the real strength of that outsourcing business is to have both the transaction and the non-transaction services, to be able to bring to bear for our clients regardless of where they may be around the world.
Jim Groch: Brad, this is Jim. We do expect our business to be up year-over-year, and they’ve been – the GSEs have been very competitive and they have put out a lot of money, and we do expect it to be up year-over-year. At the current pace, they are likely to hit their caps the four-year end, which could slow things down toward the end of year unless the caps are increased. But either way, we’re expecting it to be up.
Jim Groch: I believe they roughly put out what they had the capacity to do in 2014, but at the pace they are going now, they’re off to such a fast start that they could hit the caps earlier in the year.
Jim Groch: It’s Jim. We think it’s a great business model and that there’s enormous opportunity out there. It’s still a relatively small business for us as compared to the overall size of the business, but it’s an important service for our clients. It’s a very strong business model, and the growth profile is quite good.
