Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good morning, everyone. This is an exciting time for CBRE. We continue to advance the company on multiple fronts, while driving strong results for our clients and shareholders. As you've seen from our press release, we delivered double-digit increases on the top and bottom lines. The 14% fee revenue growth was led by particularly strong performance from our leasing business. This is reflective of deep relationships with our large occupier client base and our ability to attract the industry's top professionals to our increasingly differentiated operating platform. Occupier outsourcing again had excellent growth fueled by the secular shift toward outsourcing and CBRE's globally integrated capabilities. Our development services business had another strong quarter and is on track for record profits in 2018. I also want to comment on two important strategic initiatives that should have a big impact on CBRE. The first is the reorganization of the company, which we announced in August. We have clarified lines of authority for our management team, which will increase accountability, introduced operational and cost efficiencies and enhanced business line quality across our business. This new structure will also increase financial transparency for our company, and we hope promote greater transparency across our sector. The second initiative was the introduction yesterday of our flexible office space offering called Hana. This service evolved from a tremendous amount of interaction with and encouragement from our clients. Our deep relationships with property investors and occupiers, and what we have learned from our workplace experience service CBRE 360 position us well to succeed with this new offering. Hana is perfectly suited for property owners, who believe they can add value to their buildings with the flexible space solution that keeps them in control of their assets and for companies that want more flexibility in their occupancy to meet changing business needs and create a better workplace experience for their people. This is a rapidly expanding market that could comprise 5% to 10% of the total occupied space within a decade. We have assembled an exceptional team to capture this opportunity and kicked off our marketing efforts yesterday with a robust deal pipeline. Hana will operate, as part of our real estate investments business beginning in 2019. Now, Jim will take you through our third quarter in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Before opening the call for questions, I want to take a moment to address the broader economic environment. Investors have clearly been concerned about the effects of higher interest rates and trade tensions. However, commercial real estate fundamentals have been resilient in the face of higher rates. There is more than ample debt and equity capital available for commercial real estate and cap rates have not increased in any meaningful way. As we've often noted, interest rates are important, but the more important drivers of our business are underlying economic growth, job creation, capital availability and overall allocations to the commercial real estate asset class. These drivers remain favorable, as evidenced by our results this quarter.  In addition, escalating trade tensions do not appear to be impacting our overall business. However, continued escalation could impact business sentiment, most notably for select markets in Asia, which combined, typically represent approximately 2% of our adjusted EBITDA.  Given our strong performance year-to-date and our favorable business outlook, we anticipate full year 2018, adjusted EPS coming in at the high end of our guidance, which we increased last quarter to a range of $3.10 per share to $3.20 per share. With that operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, it's Bob. Well, you mentioned both capital markets and leasing, now, I'll start with capital markets. We think we took a lot of market share in Europe and Asia, and we think the quarter was for us -- in terms of market share was kind of in line with what went on with the industry. But around the world, globally, we took a lot of market share. We've taken significant market share, as you know, over the last couple of years. And we think that our capital markets team has done a really great job of connecting around the world to move the capital quickly to where the best opportunities are and to get in front of our clients with that connected capability. It's been a big difference maker for us. On the leasing side, there's a couple of things going on, and I think it's coming through in our occupier outsourcing numbers and it's coming through in our occupier leasing numbers and that is we have a very good, very connected product for occupiers enabled with a bunch of consultative capabilities, a bunch of technology capabilities, and we're able to provide solutions for them, and we've said this over and over that are -- it is increasingly hard for the competition to do. We are taking market share and we're taking market share around the world in the occupier business on the outsourcing side, on the leasing side and the numbers were pretty resounding this quarter in all three regions of the world, in that regard. And also I think it's worth noting, the global economy is in good shape and commercial real estates in good shape and the customers we serve have strong balance sheets, they're growing, they're investing in their businesses. So there's a whole lot of good stuff happening there.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony, this -- we have in a business that's rapidly growing that is flexible space. We have a model that we think is a bit unique and that is that we're going to partner with landlords. We're not going to lease space that's not the business model. We are going to partner with landlords. We're going to put in a portion of the capital. They're going to put in a portion of the capital, and then we're going to share in the leasing revenues. We'll operate the space. We'll lease the space. We'll build the space for them. And we designed this product working intensely with a bunch of our investor clients, our landlord clients and it's a product that's designed exactly the way, they wanted it to be designed. We got a very good backlog of perspective deals that we'll be talking about. We believe over the next few weeks and months. And we think it's a product that the landlords are quite excited about.
Bob Sulentic: Dramatically skewed toward enterprises about 5% to 10% of the space of each Hana facility will be dedicated toward co-working kind of traditional co-working. There'll be some space in there that's amenity space and conference rooms, et cetera, but this is -- this is for enterprise clients. And by the way, this is one of the reasons that the landlords were excited to work with us. We manage a couple billion square feet of office space around the world with 9 million people in it. We have a real connection to those occupiers, and we know a lot about what those occupiers want and we think that's going to help us be successful with this initiative.
Bob Sulentic: Look our occupier outsourcing businesses had mid double-digit growth all year long, we expect that to continue. And the market sentiment -- I assume, Jason you're talking about the stock market sentiment, the economy is in good shape, consumers are positive, companies are positive. And we're seeing good growth in that business, and we expect that to continue. By the way, the history of that business is that even when sentiment turns negative, there's impetus for growth because that's when a lot of corporations are trying to save money, and we save them money when we outsource their facilities. But we're not seeing negative sentiment at all right now.
Bob Sulentic: We haven't seen that historically. We haven't seen that market be tied at all to commercial real estate sales, and that's not our expectation.
Bob Sulentic: There's others that are doing it, Jason. And one comment that I think is worth making here, this whole environment that we're in now, where office occupiers are looking for a different experience and for flexible space, this has been really good for our industry. I think it's one of the reasons that you've seen strong leasing growth from us. But in general, good leasing growth from the region. Office experience is one of the things that companies are using in the battle for talented employees, particularly, tech employees. And there's a lot of different ways that people are coming at this. We think the way we're doing it in partnership with the landlords is unique. I wouldn't be surprising if others do it. But it's a market today that takes about 1% of the base of the space out there of flexible space, we think that's going to grow to 5% to 10% probably, the higher end of that range. It's a big opportunity for us. It's a big opportunity for our sector. And again, because of our position with landlords and in particular, our position with occupiers, we think, we're in a really good place to take advantage of it. And here is the statistic for you that just we haven't talked about a lot, but we've done hundreds of leases representing occupiers going into flexible spaces here. So that is a big and real market.
Bob Sulentic: Well, UK was one of the strong points in EMEA and London was strong, there's a lot of Asian capital interested in London. And the London marketplace is what it's been kind of forever. It is a really, really important place for global capital go to invest in real estate and we've seen strength in the last 90 days. We expect good things to happen. There is nervousness around Brexit and we're watching that closely. But London and the UK, we're certainly strong in the third quarter.
Bob Sulentic: Let's see, I would say, we think we're on track for what we projected for FacilitySource that is gross revenues. So it has a smaller impact on fee revenue than you might be expecting. Overall growth has been stronger than expected generally. We guided at the beginning the year solid mid-teens, year-to-date, we're at 18% growth in the business. As far as organic growth, year-to-date, organic growth is at 12.5%, it's 9% this quarter. It can bump around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. We think Q4 will be solid double-digit and we'll have solid double-digit -- my guess is 12% plus organic growth for the year. So the growth has really been steady and strong and that's on top of comps that have gotten tougher this year, as growth accelerated into last year.
Bob Sulentic: Stephen, healthcare is one of the verticals that we really focus on with our occupier outsourcing business. There are a huge number of hospital systems around the US and obviously around the world. We've got a very good foothold in that business. We serve a lot of those hospital systems but the penetration so far has been very small. We have a very strong healthcare capability. And what we're seeing in healthcare is what we've seen in other areas of the business, financial services, technology, et cetera, when you start to have outsourcing happen and the population of participants in a sector sees the cost savings that can come from that, the efficiencies that can come from that, then it starts to roll out across the sector. We're seeing a lot of momentum in healthcare. It's a big part of our future in that business. And we have built the capability to address that opportunity.
Bob Sulentic: Mitch. We're -- our model is to do these facilities in partnership with the landlords. So we'll put in a piece of the capital, they'll put in a piece of the -- a bigger piece of the capital generally. We'll share in proportion to the rents. We'll build the space. We'll manage the space. We'll lease the space on their behalf, on behalf of the building, but we won't have leasing risk generally in this model. We won't take leasing risk. So we'll be putting in capital, landlords will be putting in capital. Jim quantified earlier, what we expect our total capital investment next year and that's the model we're pursuing. That model is very, very exciting to the landlords because they want to keep control of the space, they want to keep control of the tenant base, in those buildings and this gives them the opportunity to do. It also gives them the opportunity to have a piece of the upside, which we'll also have of course.
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, we have a very intensive asset by asset underwriting process that we go through and in each local market, whether we're doing an office building, a multi-family building, warehouse building, which by the way are our three biggest product types, we also do healthcare and a little bit of retail, we look at the local sub market circumstances and then the macro circumstances around that as we underwrite these assets. It's something that we do very intensively, nothing about that has changed. And in general, the markets around the US -- and it is a domestic US business for us today, the markets around the US remain healthy. There's not a lot of vacancy. Unlike any cycle, we've seen in my career, there's not a lot of circumstances that appear where they maybe overbuilding. But we continue to underwrite these assets very rigorously.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it's the first question, I get as I go around the world and talk to our people, why change. It was the first question I got from our Board. Things are going well. We're in our ninth year of double-digit earnings growth, we've taken market share, our clients are happy and getting happier. So why change. And the reason for it Mitch is the following. If you don't change, the world around you is going to change and start to impose some failure on you, then you're going to be changing from a point of weakness, not strength. We're in a very strong position today, but we saw opportunities to do some things better. We had a real opportunity to put some super compelling leaders in more impactful positions and we got that done. We had an opportunity to have greater lines of -- clear lines of authority in our business with greater accountability. We for sure have gotten that done. We’ve put more emphasis on the quality of our product lines, which is really good thing for our clients. We’ve put more emphasis on our client care program, really good thing for our clients. The marketplace that invests in our stock wanted to have greater transparency into the performance of our various lines of business, and in particular, in our outsourcing business, we've done that. And we think that's going to force greater transparency in our whole sector. Then another thing, we're getting out of this that's important is, we're going to be more efficient, more cost effective as an enterprise. So those are all the things that drove this. We're a couple of months into implementing it. We're very, very encouraged about what we're seeing.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, the fact of matter is, there is an awful lot of capital out there looking for acquisitions. And by the way some owners of acquisitions that might otherwise sell are not exiting assets because they can't find replacement assets. So there's plenty of bidders for -- there is plenty of debt, and there's plenty of equity for the assets that are in the marketplace and that's why you continue to see a healthy market.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. I don't think either of those are our biggest risk right now. We're watching both of them closely and there's some concern about both of them in the market. I think the bigger risk is, we're in a good global economy and the tech companies and the other companies that really value talent continue to hire. I think the -- and unemployment here and in other countries is low. I think the bigger risk is that it may start to get tough to hire employees and that may force some inflation that could create some issues eventually. That's probably what we line up as the biggest concern right now. But again, we're watching interest rates, and we're watching the trade circumstance in there, the real things to be focused on.
Bob Sulentic: Well, look, I don't suspect that we're going to indefinitely be able to grow our leasing business at mid-teens plus rates. But we do think that the economy in the US and the economy around the world is good. We do really think that we have a solution for occupiers, an integrated solution, and a solution for tenants looking to lease space that puts us in a position to effectively grow market share. So we expect to see good strength out of that business going forward. What we saw this quarter was pretty special result.
Bob Sulentic: One of the key things that we wanted to get done with that reorganization was to strengthen their line of business side of our matrix, that's the side, where we have our capital markets leadership, our advisory and transaction services, which is our tenant leasing leadership, our valuations leadership, our project management leadership et cetera. The goal of that group is to bring the CBRE enterprise to our clients. And then, of course, we have this client care initiative that helps us get that done as well. We absolutely expect to accelerate our ability to bring the enterprise to solve the needs of our clients under this new organization. That's one of the key goals.
Bob Sulentic: Well, David, we've had a really good year for recruiting and our recruiting is tracking ahead of last year and ahead of our expectations for this year and we expect that to continue. What's becoming clear to us as we recruit is that these professionals who want to come to a place where they can do more for their clients and there's just no doubt based on the results we're having that they're seeing that here that our platform, our technology, our consultative tools, our ability to connect to serve clients around the world, it's making it easier and easier for us to bring people on board.
Bob Sulentic: Well, in this quarter we know that I mean we grew probably 10 points faster than the market grew. We know that something like half of the new leasing work we're doing is account-based. We know that account-based work comes because of our platform, because of our capabilities around the world, our ability to bring different products to these clients. So there is just no doubt, it's a differentiator in attracting clients. It's also a differentiator you know, and answer to your first question, in attracting talent, which of course, then you circle back and because of that talent, you attract more clients. So I think it's all working together. Our occupier business is really strong. Our outsourcing business, and our advisory and transaction service, tenant leasing business are really strong and it's all working really well together.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for being with us, and we'll talk to you in about 90 days when we report our year end results.
Jim Groch: Yes. The margin -- so I guess, the first thing I'd say is on the investments we've done exactly what we said we were going to do at the beginning of the year. We've reinvested the savings from tax reform back into the business, into our people, technology, cost savings initiatives and initiatives to drive growth. The total incremental -- the total cost of these in Q3 had a little over $30 million impact on EBITDA. So without those investments, EBITDA growth would have been in the mid teens. As far as how to think about that going forward, I think thinking about these investments as more of a baseline within the business is the right way to think about it.
Jim Groch: Sure, Anthony. We will unpack that more at our Investor Day and a lot of it will depend on kind of the rate of the roll out and this is really important initiative. But just to give you some perspective, we're penciling in $50 million to $60 million of CapEx investment in 2019. Typical facilities should take 12 months to 18 months to breakeven, and we expect strong returns on our capital to deploy.
Jim Groch: Yes. Sure, Jason. Well, as you mentioned or I think you're indicating Mel Watt's term is ending, there could be -- there will be a new Director. I think there is some reason to believe that the new Director might take a more conservative view. On their scorecard, we can imagine there might be slight reductions in caps with the definition of what's excluded from caps. But any changes, we expect to be very measured, very carefully implemented and over a reasonable period of time. So we would expect there maybe some modest downward pressure on that, but that's our view.
Jim Groch: Yes. We're still expecting strong growth in Q4. And we've achieved strong growth in Q3 against some tough comps as well. Q2, we had a couple of regions, where the comps were a little crazy, where the prior quarter has been up 40% and even 80%.
Jim Groch: And Mitch, I would just add. We've got a total of $92 million of co-investments in and total recourse repayment guarantees and outstanding debt balances of $8 million on the $12 billion that's in process. So this is -- we go -- we're not changing the way we approach the business at all and the capital structures are pretty conservative.
Jim Groch: Yes. Yes. Jade, this is Jim. We are seeing a very healthy market. Our pipeline in the mortgage origination side is as strong as it's ever been. Spreads on the debt side getting tighter, I think are an indication that the bid-ask spreads are coming together as well on the acquisition side. So the market feels healthy and balanced and with a good bit of liquidity. And also not -- at the same time seems not getting overheated. It seems that the discipline is still there.
Jim Groch: I think the expectations through -- for 2019 are largely baked in today and obviously we've seen rates go up, but that's been at least partially offset by compressing -- compression in the spreads. So overall activity, it still feels like a pretty healthy environment for activity. And I think the commercial side is, it does have some differences obviously to the single-family home side. But all of this is based on what we expect in the marketplace today, if things changed materially from that then that would create new situation.
Jim Groch: Sure. Well as you might expect, I won't get that specific. And the larger opportunities come along when they're available every few years. The -- and the pipeline on infill remained strong. I mean we're really opportunistic I would say around looking for the -- a very high quality businesses that bring leverage to our platform and that can be, frankly, that can be in any of our lines of business, in pretty much any region in the world. But we've been at a pretty steady pace, the market feels rational, and you've seen us pull out when it's not rational. Right now, I think it's kind of in a good place.
Jim Groch: Well, it's not something recent quarters obviously, it's been going on for several years now. I think I'd offer a couple of points. One is that the spreads on cap rate -- the spreads versus say 10 year treasuries or BBB bonds, whatever you want to look at, are generally not far from the midpoint of where those spreads have been historically. And so while we've seen interest rates come up a bit, the spreads have compressed. I think fundamentally at the end of the day, real estate is a reasonably priced asset class as compared to other alternative investments. And the markets, strongly development has been in check, with that you have rational, reasonably the rental increases over time will continue. And I think the increases have been absorbed with some spread compression.
Jim Groch: Well, we have invested virtually all of our free cash flow over the last few years around M&A. What I'll say though is that we've been in a blackout period since mid-September, had we not been, we would have been buying shares under our existing authorization.
