Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good morning, everyone. CBRE had an excellent start to 2019 as the positive momentum we experienced last year carried over into the first quarter. Strong operating leverage across each of our three business segments drove increases of 29% in adjusted EBITDA and 46% in adjusted EPS. The organizational changes we announced last year are improving our lines of business, and helping to make us a more efficient, client focused company. For example, our two Real Estate Services segments, Advisory Services and Global Workplace Solutions realized the combined 190 basis points increase in adjusted EBITDA margins from last year's first quarter. Revenue growth was paced by another outstanding quarter for leasing, which increased by 22%. Leasing continues to benefit from both solid market fundamentals and market share gains. These gains are being driven by an offering for both one off transactions and account based clients that is increasingly differentiated within our industry.  Leasing growth is also supported by strong recruiting. We are able to attract talented producers who tell us they can achieve more at CBRE than they can anywhere else. This speaks to the strength and differentiation of the CBRE platform. Our global workplace solutions segment which serves large account based clients again saw fee revenue increased by double digits in local currency. This business has an outstanding quarter for new account wins and our active pipeline has now more than doubled in size in the past two years.  Finally, our Real Estate Investments segment had a strong quarter with excellent adjusted EBITDA growth from real estate development. While development results can vary quarter-to-quarter, the long-term performance of our business has been outstanding. Our new flexible space initiative Hana has signed its first two deals with property owners and has a very active pipeline with additional property owner partnerships expected to be announced in the near future.  Before I turn the call over to Jim, I want to thank Jim for his many accomplishments as our CFO. As we have discussed before this will be Jim's last quarterly earnings call as he focuses full-time on his Chief Investment Officer responsibilities, where he will do great things for the company. We're excited to welcome Leah Stearns to CBRE as our next Chief Financial Officer. Leah will join us from American Tower Corporation next Wednesday. Leah is an outstanding leader with a strong financial and operational background, and extensive international and commercial real estate experience. I know you will enjoy interacting with her as our new CFO. Now Jim we'll take you through our results in greater detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. CBRE is off to a great start in 2019. As we look ahead, our business has positive momentum and we were running ahead of the expectations we outlined at our Investor Day in March. The macro market drivers and our inherent competitive advantages remain intact. As always, we caution against reading too much in the first quarter results as this is our seasonally smallest period. We'll revisit our guidance once we see how the business performs through mid year. With that operator, we'll open the line for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks for being with us everyone and we look forward to talking to you again end of the second quarter. 
JimGroch: Yes. Sure, Anthony. This is Jim. Well, I won't get specific on a number of RFPs but the magnitude of the pipeline is more than double where it was two years ago. So it's definitely at an all-time record. It's more than double where it was two years ago. And the growth has just been very, very strong. So we had double-digit growth in all three regions. And that was on top of a very strong quarter in the first quarter of last year, which had growth of 14% to 17% of local currency for the three regions.
JimGroch: Yes. We're pretty conservative, Anthony, on how we're recognizing leasing revenues within GWS. So it's about 6% of the total revenue, fee revenue and GWS. And it grew at a similar--for the similar pace maybe slightly lower growth rate than we showed in the advisory business. But, obviously, the advisory business is getting the bulk of the revenues on any deals that are one within GWS and are being executed in the field.
JimGroch: It's a modest net drag and it's in line with our guidance. So we're running in line with our guidance on the impact of Hana.
JimGroch: Yes. The mentality of tenants looking for space is quite strong. And as we've seen in our own business, we've been upgrading our own space, spending more money on our own space to compete for the top talent around the world. And we're finding our customers are doing the same thing. As far as lease terms, specifically they've migrated up a bit about maybe about six months in lengths over the last three or four years. So there's a little bit of increase going on there. We also have rent growth which has been running at about 4%. So that's a nice little tailwind as well and that's been the case for about 18 months now.
JimGroch: The first quarter was very strong. We do expect that that will taper. Both agencies are guiding to I think down about 5%. They've fixed, their caps haven't changed, but they've gotten tighter on some of the exceptions to the caps. Yes, so we think the director, collaborator will continue to kind of focus on shrinking that footprint over time, but in a very gradual way over many years.
JimGroch: The 190 basis points I referenced is a 100% from within the services businesses, from within GWS and advisory. So zero that margin expansion came from the real estate investment businesses. And most of it is really just fundamentals. Its business makes --it's growth in the business and it's cost control.
JimGroch: Yes. I mean any place we deploy capital, we're looking for a very strong return on that capital risk-adjusted return. But I wouldn't get into more detail than that at this point. End of Q&A
BobSulentic: Yes. Anthony, this is Bob. There are a certain number of them. They get divided up particularly the larger ones. But we've also prevailed in winning some very large accounts just ourselves. And I will tell you that the percentage of our pipeline that involves integrated multi service comprehensive request for proposal has doubled relative to where it was a year ago. So said differently, a year ago there may have been one or two services being requested, now it's more typical that it'll be all the services we offer, consulting facilities, management, project management, transaction management twice as often. And, yes, sometimes they're split up but often we've been able to win a complete offering.
BobSulentic: Yes. Leasing, we expected it to be strong and it was stronger than we expected it to be. There is a lot of account based work in the market that plays really well to our offering. So you've seen us take market share, you've seen the market be really strong. This ongoing trend to use in office space use the space to attract, retain make employees more efficient, improve morale is really a compelling trend and it is impacting the amount of work out there with big occupiers. And again it plays quite well to us because we have this integrated offering with workplace solutions with technology support, with lots of stuff that we do to help those types of tenants. So we expected a strong quarter. We expect a strong year but the quarter was stronger than we expected.
BobSulentic: Yes. I would say we talked about margin, the margin expansion and it was across the board it was in both the advisory and the GWS business. Combined they were up about 190 basis points. We noted that about a quarter of that increase came from kind of lumpier items such as the recognition OMSR gains, a little FX, some pension costs that didn't reoccur. But the rest were all kind of fundamental drivers to the business. So we did guide to increased operating margins throughout the year. Q1 performance was better than we expected.
BobSulentic: I would say there's, it's more the latter, some uncertainty about what's going to happen. But there is an awful lot of both equity and debt capital on the sidelines ready to get into commercial real estate. And while the markets off, it's still overall a healthy market, significant amount of trading going on. So I would suggest it's uncertainty but no lack of capital anywhere in the world for good assets.
BobSulentic: Well, the size the size of the typical Hana unit is not really that dependent on the size of the building. And so if it's a smaller building, it's a bigger percentage of the building, but certainly landlords have no problem at all having upwards of 5% to 10% of the space in some buildings being in a Hana type unit.
BobSulentic: Yes. Sure, Jade. Yes, the M&A pipeline is I would say is as strong as it's ever been. We closed three in field acquisitions since the beginning of the year. And as far as capital markets or not, I mean we're always kind of attentive to where we are in the business cycle and the cyclicality of different businesses. That said, there are ways to structure, to structure deals but we're generally on the more conservative side of our underwriting as we're -- even though the fundamentals are excellent. We are in the later stages of a long economic cycle. So we've got I'd say the pipeline's as strong as it ever been, but we are taking a conservative point of view on underwriting.
BobSulentic: Yes. We do think the volatility in December impacted the Q1 results. Our expectations for capital markets for the year have not really changed since we gave our first, our yearend numbers and our expectations for the year. But there was some impact in the first quarter due to that December volatility.
BobSulentic: We really haven't changed our view on where capital markets and sales are headed other than to acknowledge there was some impact of the December volatility in those first quarter numbers.
BobSulentic: The majority of the growth is being driven by office space, a use but not necessarily just technology. About 23% of our leasing in Q1 was to technology companies that have been running over the last couple years more like 20%. So technology was up a little but not a lot, but definitely the growth in our leasing numbers was driven by office space, all manner of office users.
BobSulentic: About 2% of the growth we experienced in leasing two points of the total number of growth points came from co-working or flexible space.
BobSulentic: It was not 20% of our leasing. It did contribute to growth. It did contribute to year-over-year growth, but it was a smaller percentage than that for us.
BobSulentic: Yes. We review all of our accounts every quarter. And we had some feedback on a couple of accounts specifically that they were going to be moving to more passive strategies.
BobSulentic: I'd rather not get into details of the specifics of the accounts, but those were the triggering events.
BobSulentic: Patrick, we think about that from time to time, but we do monetize our data now. We use our data extensively to support the revenue that we generate across our business. Our leasing business, we use data extensively in our GWS business, in our capital markets business. The notion of separately selling data, it's something we talk about from time to time, but the main way we're using data now is to support our own clients.
BobSulentic: I think the main concern is that we are really focused on the work we're doing. The lines of business we have and we have a really, really strong digital and technology team we built, and we got them focused in that area now. We will consider over time and we talk about from time to time what we might do beyond that, but for the moment we think the right focus is on the lines of business and the clients we have doing the things, we're doing for those clients now.
BobSulentic: Cost is still a really big driver in that business, but increasingly anything we do for occupiers is being impacted by the experience we create in the space that they occupy or the experience we helped them create. So we have this new offering host which is combination of the technology platform and a group of more legacy type services that we do for clients. We do a lot of workplace solutions consulting for our occupier clients that help drive that business. We manage office space today with 9 million people in and around the world and they're increasingly asking us to do experience type work for them. So that's a driver that exists to the degree it does today. Even a year ago, or certainly two years ago, the cost is still a very, very big element of that business.
BobSulentic: Clients are looking to consolidate to fewer providers. A good number of them want to work with one provider if they can provide -- if find a provider that can do the things they need in terms of the breadth of services. And the geographic footprint and we have, as I said in my comments earlier, won a number of large accounts on a single provider basis because our clients now believe we can do things that two or three years ago before GWS, before our organic growth, before facilities source, we couldn't do and certainly nobody else could do.
BobSulentic: Again the 190 basis points that I referenced for the two services businesses. Zero that does not include any impact from any of the real estate investment businesses. That's purely in the two services businesses combined. And both businesses did very nicely on the margin expansion, both segments.
BobSulentic: Sure. We have a strong preference for partnership. We got into this business because our clients on both sides landlords and occupiers are asking us for help in this area. So these are massive, very, very important clients. That's our focus is delivering what these clients want. And so we have a strong preference to be on the --in partnership with them or on a fee-for-service basis with them. As we've said, we will sign leases here and there just to get scale and experience. But that's our preferred business model. We haven't given guidance past 2019. 
