Brett White: Thank you Gil. And please turn to slide 21. While the commercial real estate market recovery continues to be incremental and uneven, it is recovering nonetheless. Updates on our view for the year are that outsourcing is likely to continue strong growth. Recent growth rates across the globe will track job creation, and should continue to be modest for the time being. Investment sales growth is going to be dependent on specific regional market dynamics, noting that the economic climate in EMEA is challenged and there has been a recent cooling in Asia Pacific.  And finally the investment management will benefit from a full-year contribution from the acquired ING Real Estate Investment Management businesses. With the first quarter now behind us, we are maintaining our view from year-end 2011. First, that our EPS guidance remains unchanged, and second, that we should see solid EBITDA margin expansion.  And with that, Operator, we’d be happy to take questions.  
Brett White: Anthony its Brett. You utilize me on that question. First of all, the facility business is growing very, very rapidly. There are a lot of cats and dogs that flow through that revenue line, and I would look at this more of an aberration than any sort of trend to be concerned about. The bottom line dynamic in the facilities business right now is it’s going through historic growth at the moment, and you should expect to see generally going forward.
Brett White: Sure, let me give you a short-term answer, kind of quarter to quarter, but what’s much more important is the long-term answer. It’s funny in the fourth quarter, we had a soft compare against one competitor on leasing numbers in a quarter. And we spent some time talking about that and letting all of you know that this is a very big, very powerful, integrated business, and we focus on lots of things all the time. And any time we see a competitor for our competitive position at risk, or a competitor coming in and, as you said “nipping at our heels”, we redouble our efforts to correct that situation.  Now, ironically or not, the bell of the ball this quarter is guess what? Americas. And by the way, that’s why we brought Michael Lafitte in, because that business is so much more than U.S. leasing. There’s no competitor even close to what we do in our U.S. integrated business, and that’s why we had Mike talk about it. In terms of the competitive landscape on sales and leasing, you know this industry is, and we’ve been talking about this for so many years I can’t even remember when we started. But this industry is rapidly consolidating down to two groups of players and we’ve got on the global landscape, I think we’ve got two big, high-quality, multinational integrated companies out there. And we’ve got thousands of boutique firms out there that do whatever they do really, really well in single markets or single business lines. And we’ve got these folks stuck in the middle, they’re going away so fast it’s almost hard to keep tract of it at this point. By the way, we love that dynamic. We love it because every day more and more of the accounts that we want to own, that we want to do business with, are turning to use for their services. The competitive landscape on lease and sales in the U.S. and globally is really a tale of two stories, or two tales. The first is, that in the U.S. the leasing landscape is a very, very competitive marketplace. We are dominant in that marketplace and expect to remain so. However, the competitors that we had just three years ago, some of them are gone, and that share is going to be spread among other competitors in the business, and you should expect to see that going forward. On the sale side, that marketplace is one we’ve dominated for many, many years and our competitive position in the sale space, if any, just gets better and better.  So, we like where we sit. As I said last quarter, we also like having a couple competitors nip a little bit at our heels, it makes us better, it gives us more focus. And as Mike talked about in his comments, it’s a good dynamic, and we welcome them to the party.
Brett White: I think it’s all interesting, and we welcome to the dance these new players. It sounds to me like the BCG, I think that’s right, it sounds like these players are sophisticated, they’re smart, they report to be well capitalized. I think that’s great. And I think that this elimination of this middle group of firms, it’s just inevitable, it’s absolutely – it’s going to get done. We’re watching it get done. And the way that that’s going to happen is, there’s only a few choices. They either go bankrupt and just disappear off the face of the earth, but these businesses have people in them. And so, if a good well-heeled company like BCG or another can come in and pick up the pieces of these failed firms, I think that’s great. I know a lot of people inside those businesses, particularly Grub and Ellis, these are high-quality good people and the fact that they’ve found a home with an owner that’s excited about the industry, I think is a plus for everybody.  I don’t think being owned by one type of owner or another is necessarily an advantage or a disadvantage. It all comes down to leadership, it all comes down to the people, and it all comes down to platform. There’s a very, very long wave that any of these aggregators need the distance to go to, to get to the level where I think these couple big multinational firms are, is a huge distance. But you know what? Having folks that want to be there, having folks that are aspirational, having folks that are putting capital into this industry is a net benefit for everybody, they make us all better, and we welcome them to the dance. It’s all good. And by the way, it’s way better, that these firms that have gone through these horrible problems that they’ve had, again it’s way better that the good things inside those firms, which is the people, have found a place to land and do business and stay in the business in the marketplace. That benefits all of us.
Brett White: You know, David, let me do this. We are fortunate to have Mike Lafitte on the phone call, actually dialing in from Dallas. And on that specific question, I want to come back to that in a minute, but Mike, I would like to take you back for a moment to the question on the competitive landscape, maybe you could add a couple of comments on how that landscape feels to you at the moment in both sale and leasing. And then Mike, I’ve got some things here I could give to David on the velocity and so forth, but you want to talk about it just the way it feel to you Mike, I think that would fine as well.
Brett White: Well, well said Mike, thank you. And David, just on the numbers, let me fill in some numbers that Mike was referencing.  First, on the fundamentals, as you saw from the deck, what we’re seeing in marketplaces, not surprising at all – we’re in, again, I think, early innings of a protract to a recovery, all though it’s uneven and incremental. So they can see rates are very slowly coming down. We’re seeing absorption, positive absorption bounce around, but it is positive. And we’re seeing CAP rates on slowly coming down as well. All of that, of course, is what Mike is referring to, and it augers towards an improving recovery as we look forward.  On the actual sale and lease numbers for the U.S., I’ll give you a few numbers. On the sale side, what we had was a fairly strong pick up in number of transactions first quarter 2011, or first quarter ’12, and in the U.S., for instance, that was 11% higher. On the average transaction side, and again this is just U.S., it’s not Americas, what we saw there was a 25% increase in transaction size, and these together produce a 37% increase in reported sales revenue first-quarter-over-first-quarter, year-over-year. Now, I want you to be careful, these numbers bounce around, because we are the early stages of recovery, but that’s what sales was for the first quarter.  On the leasing side, it was generally flat year-over-year, and we look at office leasing and where the real pick up was, was actually in retail and industrial. And those together gave us, in the U.S. at least, a 5% increase in reported leasing revenue year-over-year.  Again, these numbers bounce around because that’s where we are at this point in the cycle, but as Mike said, and as we’ve mentioned in our deck here, the leasing business is all about job growth, and job growth has been true net job growth has not been anything to write home about for a while. When that picks up and it will, leasing numbers will pick up along with it, and sometimes they pick up in an outsized way when you see real job growth. The sale side actually is chugging along in the U.S. pretty well, and we talk about the slowness in Europe and Asia. 
Brett White: You know, it’s all – you know, usually we get these questions about New York, so, one reason the headline in New York, and they extrapolate that that’s the world. And I – the point that I’m trying to make, and not very well, is that in Europe you do have a couple of banks that are out – more than a couple that are out of the commercial real estate lending market. There’s lots of capital flowing around the world that can support the purchase of high quality, investment grade, commercial real estate. Now that having been said, you know, the real issue at the moment in Europe is just uncertainty, and it’s – you know, whenever we talk about this, we talk about it in 2008, 2009, 2010, and last year. When you have uncertainty in a market place it makes it hard to find pricing, and – so, when there’s uncertainty in the market place, people just slow down and they take their time and they do a lot more work to make sure that they have got a view on pricing, and right now in Europe, I think the story is more about uncertainty in the market place which slows down transaction volume, if it is a lack of financing to buy an asset. If you and I want to go out to London, or to Paris, or to Amsterdam, or for that matter New York, or Huston, or L.A., and buy a high quality asset, we’ll get the financing to do it. It’s – that’s not really the major driver of the slowing that we’re seeing – it’s a piece of it.
Brett White: Yes, Gil’s going to let me catch this one. I can’t help myself. But here’s what I would say. Again, I want to go back to the same thing, which is we’re in the early quarters of what I think is going to be a very exciting attractive recovery in the asset class. And this is a particularly rocky, uneven recovery. So – and you know this as well as anyone on the phone call, where we saw recovery start was in the safest places, whether it was leasing or sales, what we saw when the recover was people begin to make investments whether they’re owners or occupiers in those places they thought were bulletproof. If they’re buying an asset, it was made in Manhattan, you’re going to open a data center or you were going to expand a corporate office, you were doing it in the places where you felt most certain about your business.  As this recovery seasons, that recovery, and Gil referenced this earlier, that recovery begins to move a bit up the risk spectrum. And so what you see is, you see assets and you’ve probably seen this personally, you’ve seen assets begin to trade in areas outside of Main and Main in Manhattan. You see corporate, whether it’s retailer or industrial logistics firms, or big office clients, they begin to do things in markets outside of the major world financial centers. It’s absolutely typical for an early-stage recovery and what we said a couple quarters ago, I just want to remind you again is, let’s look forward a year from now, or whether it’s three quarters or five quarters or whatever it’s going to be, this – the strength you see in the major markets in both leasing and sales will have spread out to the secondary and even some of the tertiary markets. That’s just a cycle this business goes through and will go through for a very long time, I think. Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : And final question for me; I guess the conversion of the pipeline in I guess the three major segments; sales, leasing and outsourcing appropriate services, I guess pace or the kind of feel of conversation as you work through the first quarter, how did that compare to either what it felt like last year’s first quarter or what it felt like in the fourth quarter? Was there more predictability, less predictability, good things happening or, you know, out of the blue, or deals getting pushed kind of out of the blue? I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of how to compare your kind of costs of optimism shown with what we would have seen the past several quarters. 
Brett White: So I think the answer lies in the results. And what you saw in the results was that we saw in Europe and Asia accruing of the investment property markets. So definitionally what – let me translate that for you. What you saw was hesitancy in closings. What you saw was protracted closings. What you saw was canceled closings. When you see an investment – capital market cool down, that’s what’s going on. On the leasing side, it’s a little bit different. On the leasing side, generally speaking, when occupiers launch a property search and they get into a negotiation to lease 20,000 square feet of retail or 100,000 square feet of office, they don’t generally collapse negotiations and walk away. It’s a little more – I guess it’s a little more sticky and that’s why, by the way, the leafing – if you look over the last 20 years, just look at the deltas in leasing revenues, they are much, much less volatile than what you see in the capital markets and it’s a lot about that. I think anecdotally, what I would say to you is that for the last eight quarters, what we’ve seen is [inaudible] and starts. And you and I have talked about it, it’s, you know, you get some traction going in the spring of 2011 and people feel that things are a lot better and then there’s a shock to the system, the euro sovereign debt issue. And the suddenly the brakes are put on again. And then you get some traction again and then there’s China housing bubble issue.  I think that we’re going to continue to see these kinds of things through the business until this recovery really gets it’s sea legs and it’s not there. It’s getting incrementally better every quarter. The fundamentals that Mike Lafitte referenced are getting better every quarter. But it’s going to be a bumpy ride I think for a bit.  But again, I want to put that in context. You know, if I’m describing a bumpy ride and revenues are up 14% for the quarter and EBITDA is up 25% for the quarter and we’re reaffirming guidance, we’re telling you our margins are going to expand, I’ll take that bumpy ride all day long. Brandon Dobell – William, Blair & Co. : Yes. I appreciate the commentary. Thanks, Brett.
Brett White: I’m just going to add to that, Anthony, and I agree 100% with what Gil just said. I’ll just add to this that at – in a market environment like we’re in, M&A is something that, first of all, it’s dial tone for us. So we’re always looking at what’s out there and available. You’re just going to see probably a little bit less of it in a marketplace like this. If Gil said, you know, de-levering is certainly at the top of our list, there’s a lot of movement in the market right now in terms of very small M&A, but not much is very attractive. And we have our priorities at the moment that are not really built around doing 100 M&A deals this year. We’ve got this world class platform now, top business line in every business line we’re in and really leveraging the synergies of this business lines and growing our business now with this great platform, it’s a very, very exciting proposition.  If an opportunity arises out in the marketplace, as we’ve always said before, you know, in a good market or bad, and this I would describe as a pretty good market, we’re going to look at it. But the high-quality opportunities are few and far between at the moment. 
Gil Borok: Are you looking at the gross margin on the press release where they’ve normalized or not? What you’ll see is the comment that we made, that I made was with regard to ING. And all the cuts from ING are flowing through OpEx, and not to cost of services. So the mix of what flows through cost of services versus what flows through OpEx is now changed. Of course, it’s against the same denominator when you do the math. The revenue’s in the revenue number, we’ve had a shift, a fundamental shift in what flows through cost of services and OpEx because of the acquisition.
Gil Borok: You’ve had about a 200 basis point impact on cost of services, and I think it is safe to assume, I don’t know that it will be that every quarter, but it is safe to assume that we’ll have the shift between the two, yes. 
Gil Borok: Yes, sure. So, and that is a GAAP number off the press release, so again, we have a little bit of noise in the numbers. I think the increase year-over-year on a GAAP basis was 23 million, all of which 16 million was normalized. I’ll come back to that normalized number in a moment. That will not be the same each quarter, but what we’re dealing with non-normalized, if you will, then is about a $7 million increase, and there are two components to that. One is – and it’s about 50/50 – one is amortization of servicing rights and our mortgage brokerage business. We get to capitalize those up front and then we have to amortize them over the service period. So one is from the mortgage brokerage business servicing rights, one part of it is. The other part of is the intangibles that we acquired in the ING acquisition for which we cannot normalize. So we are – we have on a normalized basis about a $7 million increase year-over-year, and then on a GAAP basis it’s the 23 million and of that 16 million, about 10 of it is the result of incentive fees that we received during the quarter in the ING REIM business, so the normalization will go down as the year progresses. 
Gil Borok: I think that’s right on, because we have more – much more poor funds in it, so it’s much more readable.
Gil Borok: Well, you know, it’s all in Will, right? So we don’t and – you know, we’ve never really broken out component pieces, we are certainly in the third year of a recovery, and I think the most I can say to you is the guidance anticipated that, and we haven’t changed our view at the moment.
Gil Borok: Well, again the guidance would incorporate that and we’ve talked about that in terms of a full year, but of course, and maybe you’re getting back at the developing it, you’ve got to – I don’t recall them off the top of my head which quarter they necessarily hit. And maybe this is what you were alluding to. We did call out $32 million of development gains in the fourth quarter as being out sized, but that business has gains every year, and the guidance that we have this year would incorporate the gains that we think would be reoccurring. So we had an outsided number, you know, in the 50 millions, but it’s not going to be that this year, and we said that on the last call, but there will be some runway of gains – that’s what that business does and that’s incorporated in the guidance.  So it would only – the only things that would really stand out, and you really have to go back and analyze it quarter by quarter, I can’t do that on the call here, we could one-on-one if you need to, but is when the gains hit and when carried into it hits into the good and to the bad, those are the biggest things that would be [inaudible] to a quarter. 
Gil Borok: Good question. You’re absolutely right on the first quarter activity, obviously with the seasonality of the business, the balance will come down and then it ought to build as the year progresses. The top of mind for us is de-levering. I’ll remind you that we do have – we don’t have debt coming due, but we do have callable debt in June of 2013. And that is like expensive at 11.625% debt. So I won’t give a definitive, but I think logic would suggest that we need to look at that very carefully.  M&A is always something that we look at, you know we do it and we do it well. And it is, again, something that is on the menu of items. But short of something that is going to be accretive and very positive for us and strategic, de-levering is really the order of the day. And we’ve got a reason to do it with expensive debt coming due in June of ’13. But at the moment, we’re in a bit of wait-and-see, that is looming and we are still in early days in terms of the cycle, so there may be opportunities, nothing definitive enough that we are going to talk about. It’s just a function of where we are in the cycle that we’ve got these two opportunities I suppose to utilize cash. But de-levering is top of mind. 
