Leah Stearns: Sure. Anthony, it's Leah. Kristyn has just outline. There were some unique items in Q1 from last year, as well as this year. The key drivers are really an impairment that we had last year for GAAP EPS. And then, in the first quarter, we did have an accounting change in global investors related to our fair value accounting around our co-investment balances. We also had venture capital gains that was one time in nature in the first quarter this year. And so those items have basically offset each other.
Leah Stearns: It is. It was something that we expected. It was an anticipated accounting change when we came into the year that we were going to implement in Q1. And it is something that will actually reduce the volatility of that earnings stream within our investment management business going forward. We're basically going to be marketing to market our unlisted co-investment balances. And therefore, instead of having one large gain at the end of the period costs, you're going to see us mark that to market every quarter.
Leah Stearns: Absolutely. I would say in terms of how we're presenting the information. There's not a real material shift in terms of where the benefits of the cost management actions are flowing through the business. The advisory segment continues to be the area where we've made the lion share of the overall cost reduction. So that's 60% of our cost actions are benefiting advisory. Next to that is GWS, where we've got about 30%. And then the rest is between REI and our corporate segments. In terms of this first quarter though, on a net basis, I'll talk a little bit about -- we have run rate cost savings. Now we do have some temporary costs coming back like compensation that's performance based, and accrued based on that. We had about $24 million of benefit and advisory on a net basis, and about $14 million of benefit in GWS with the rest, basically, about a million or so across REI and corporate. So again, the vast majority of the overall benefit in Q1 was an advisory and our reporting segment, modifications haven't really altered the mix of where that's going to impact the business going forward.
Leah Stearns: Yes. So in terms of for the full year, we think there will be a little over $110 million of savings. And this is all on a net basis. So when you close that up, we have taken out about just shy of $90 million in the first quarter and right around $250 million of incremental costs year-over-year on a runway basis.
Leah Stearns: We do expect that the diversification not just across asset types, but across our geographies will also be important. So as we think about just surging demand for warehouse, industrial distribution, life sciences, as well as digital infrastructure, those are certainly helping to mitigate the acute declines that we're seeing across office. So, I do think that that is a key part of the overall story for CBRE. And the fact that we have positioned ourselves to be aligned with those very important areas of demand in the market today. And then also, given the fact that APAC was early on in terms of the impacts related to COVID, we are seeing the regions of the world that has kind of come through this and manage through COVID quite well or effectively, or we're early on the onset of COVID. Those are really back in terms of strong performance. And we're starting to see the recovery take shape in places like the U.K., Continental Europe and U.S.
Leah Stearns: So Jade, in terms of the venture capital and the REI accounting change, those, as well as some prior period items, I would say, you got about $0.06 each related to the VC and the accounting change. And then we did have -- in the prior year period, we didn't have that impairment related to the COVID impacts across parts of our business. So that was reflected in the prior period.
Leah Stearns: We've provided a bridge for you in terms of the overall fee to net basis. It was pretty much in line. There wasn't a major swing there.
Leah Stearns: Well, that's really driven, again, by market conditions. So if you look at our margin performance for the year, yes, OMSR certainly helps. But even if you back out OMSRs just before I get into the volumes on the GSEs, I think it's important to note that we actually saw margin expansion ex OMSRs. So that's really important. As it relates to the GSEs, their caps are coming down this year. So we may see some attenuation in terms of overall liquidity in that market. But again, their mandate is liquidity. So we'll see how they respond to the overall market conditions. The benefit to our business, though, is about the mix of where we're seeing that activity come from. And in the quarter, we did have more of a volume coming from Fannie as opposed to Freddie and that that certainly helps from a margin perspective, given the fact that we do have a risk share there on the Fannie side. So overall, it'll really depend, unfortunately, Jade with respect to how that that activity comes in, and we don't actually influence, that it's really a market driven outcome.
Leah Stearns: We certainly have seen that happen before, Michael. I would say, this year we are seeing activity around 1031 exchanges continue to be healthy. So it is a phenomenon that we have seen play out before. And even at the end of last year, when there was some speculation that there would be tax reform in 2021, we did see some transactions come through in the fourth quarter, and that sometimes drives some of the seasonality that we see in the fourth quarter. But it's just a small portion of that.
Leah Stearns: I think it really, at least what we've seen so far, it really is driven by where economies or our restrictions around mobility has been lifted and have been reopened. So for example, in China and Australia we see office occupancy is pretty much back to pre COVID pre-pandemic levels. And those are certain markets where we are seeing return in terms of demand that is corresponding with that. So I think it really is driven by the ability for businesses to get back to normal, and for transactions to really play out. And obviously, in some of those markets we're lapping or seeing comparable financial results versus really the initial downtick for those areas as well. So we are seeing nice growth come back because of that.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. We have a substantial M&A pipeline and pipeline of alternatives or investment opportunities that we would characterize more as sponsorship type opportunities where we could invest in a company and then help that company be more successful and it would be on its own. We've done a lot of strategy work to determine the areas of our business that we want to make investments in because we think they will benefit in a secular way. Leah had just outlined a bunch of that for you. So you should expect to see us make some very nice investments over the coming months, that would be secondarily favored, and CBRE would be able to help those investments perform well. I will say that we're going to be very careful. We're not going to be feeling pressure to push money out the door just because we have it. We do think that there will be opportunities.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Some of both, and also some incremental investment in our real estate investment business. We do a lot in the industrial area, for instance, and we think there's incremental opportunities to invest there.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, we have paid attention to that. And it is -- this is not the first time its arisen. So first of all, it's not certain that will happen. But we're watching it closely. I think we have to put in perspective, what part of our business that impacts so it impacts the sales businesses, the real estate asset sales business here in the U.S. And we think it impacts about 10% of the U.S. sales activity across markets, that's not a CBRE comment. So that's the portion of our business that might be impacted. Our view is that if it were to happen, and not be retroactive for the foreseeable future, it would be a plus for transaction volumes, because people would be in the market trying to get deals done. In the longer run, given the magnitude of it relative to our whole business and the area to which it's contained geographically and line of business wise, we think it will not have a material impact on our earnings prospects currently, or in the longer term as we've laid them out for you.
Bob Sulentic: We're always looking for new opportunities that are kind of within the boundaries of what we do. And again, keeping in mind, we think of our business in those four dimensions that we talked about property type, line of business, client type and geography, we're scanning the horizon constantly for new opportunities. And we don't talk in advance of when we execute those new opportunities, Jade, what we might do. That's not an area that we're active in, though.
Bob Sulentic: Not a lot new to our view. We are intensely engaged with occupiers here in the U.S. and around the world. We believe that office will never be quite what it was prior to the pandemic. But we also believe it will be very different than it is today. The 85% that we talked about before is kind of still what we believe. By the way, if you're paying close attention to the press, and what individual companies are saying, most of the outlier comments coming in now have the flavor of, well, our people are really getting wary, and our people really need to get back together. And we really need to focus on culture. And we really need to focus on bringing new people on. So while our view hasn't changed, our conviction around the notion that it'll -- that people will get back to the office in a dramatically different way than they are today has probably grown. There will certainly be a hybrid scenario where there'll be some work from home, some work from flex space, and then of course, some work from offices. We think the configuration of offices will change, and that'll create some real opportunity for us to do work for our clients. But largely, our view is what it was 60 days ago when we reported our yearend earnings, Rick.
Bob Sulentic: We're certainly seeing the pickup in activity, and it's everything, it's people finally coming to grips with the fact that the vaccine is working here and these are U.S. comments. The vaccine is working. The disease is dissipating. And people are moving back toward more normal circumstances in many ways. And returning to the office is one of them. So it's pick up in every kind of thing you can imagine. And it's going to be different second half of the year than it is now.
Bob Sulentic: It's a mixed bag, Michael. It depends. As some companies are aggressively out in the market, trying to execute plans now and others are waiting. And so, I wouldn't be able to characterize it as one thing across the board for these big occupiers we work with. I think the trend is more and more of them are deciding to have to address it. I will I will tell you one thing that we believe is going to happen. Better quality buildings with better infrastructure, better HVAC systems, better circulation around the building, better elevator systems, et cetera, are going to be in more demand as a result of this circumstance for very obvious reasons. And we think there is some chance that as we get later in the year and early next year, there could be real focus on those buildings and we'll pick up an activity.
Bob Sulentic: We have across our M&A strategy. product types, we're interested in, lines of business, we're interested in, geographies we're interested in more than others, for sure, on each of those dimensions. And I wouldn't spike out anything specific, Michael, just because of the confidential nature of M&A. But I think you can be confident that again, across each of those dimensions, we have favored things we would like to get done. But we're very, very open to opportunities that aren't necessarily in the more favored areas. But we do have things retargeting.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Steven, we have an extremely strong development brand and franchise. We have a lot of capital available to us from third parties that want to invest in that business. And we have a deep knowledge of where we think development opportunities will occur because of our advisory business and the feet on the street, so to speak around the world across product types. For the longest time, we were hesitant to expand outside the United States. But the success of that business grew so much in the last decade, the interest of our Capital Partners grew so much. We took the step with Telford a couple of years ago. We're extremely pleased with that. And because of that, and because of the relationships on the advisory side, and because of the demands of our Capital Partners, we decided to take this step with industrial development across Europe. And you should expect to see more of that kind of expansion over time, very thoughtful, very careful, but more of that over time. And we think we're -- it's one of those opportunities that we think we're really well positioned to take advantage of. It's an opportunity to expand our services capability. It's an opportunity to expand the footprint of things that we might invest capital into as well.
