Brett White: Thank you, Nick and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 4. I would like to begin the call with some comments about our financial performance in the second quarter. We were pleased to report excellent results for the quarter with revenue, EBITDA and earnings all growing significantly over Q2 2009. All major service lines contributed to the strong results.  As compared to the second quarter of 2009, investment sales revenue increased more than 60%. Leasing revenue rose 29%, driven by longer term and larger square footage transactions. Outsourcing revenue grew 10% with strong activity in all geographies. Development services sold two high quality assets for a significant gain this quarter. Our 23% revenue growth coupled with strong expense management delivered total normalized EBITDA of $165.2 million in the quarter, 82% higher than the second quarter of 2009. This translated into a normalized EBIDTA margin at 14.1% in the second quarter of 2010 versus 9.5% in the second quarter of 2009.  The commercial real estate recovery continued to progress in the second quarter. The trajectory of this recovery however is difficult to determine as it is set against the backdrop of a muted and bumpy recovery of the broader economy, with wide geographic variability, from a very quick snap back in most of Asia Pacific to a moderate rebound in the US and to a rebound and stabilization in Europe. Our notable quarterly transactions are listed here on slide 5. I will not spend time going through them. We have included them to illustrate some our key business wins in the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Gil to go over our financial results. Gil.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to slide 19. As we have described in our fourth quarter 2009 and first quarter 2010 calls, during the early days of recovery in both the broader global economic environment and most specifically the commercial real estate business. As is typical for early stage recovery, the trajectory of improvement and the underlying dynamics supporting commercial real estate is uneven. Nonetheless, all of the significant measures we follow closely, rental rates, absorption and yield appear to be either bottoming or improving. We've discussed with you for years that our operating strategy of eliminating large amounts of operating expense during difficult times in this past downturn, $600 million, not only allows us to drive industry leading margins through the down cycle but also produces outsized results at the profit line during recovery.  Our results year-to-date across all financial measures, revenue, EBITDA and earnings once again prove our thesis. This recover cycle and the expansion cycle to come should provide solid footing for our base case EBITDA in earnings growth model. That being 10% to 15% EBITDA growth and high teens earning growth over the long term. While our second quarter and year-to-date performance far exceeds this model, future results will be tempered from the current extraordinary levels by a steady but careful on boarding of cost to support growth, as well as inevitably more difficult quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparison.  As we said last quarter, our bias at the moment is that we will achieve the high end of our EPS growth model this year, and in fact may exceed it materially. However, there exists enough uncertainty in the global economic environment, and enough evidence that some of the world's major economies are slowing, that we will reserve updating our full year forecast until the end of the third quarter. And with that operator we will now take questions. 
Brett White: Sure Anthony, well on the leasing side a couple of dynamics to think about here. First is we're in the very early days of a recovery cycle and expansion cycle in leasing. Rental rates are still not only declining in some markets, flat in others and in a few markets beginning to appreciate. And so the pick up in leasing at the moment, is primarily new lease in revenues at the moment, is primarily longer term and greater square footage. And that is of course typical to the early stage recovery.  We're not seeing any benefit really from increased rental rates at this time. The pretty strong pick up we're seeing in the last few transactions, and we are seeing good pick up in velocity transactions. Its a combination of two things, pent up demand left over from the downturn, but also a slow return to a more, what I would describe as normal operating environment for our corporate customers. Those folks, who had been really in the bunker the last few years, are now dusting off their mid-term and long-term strategic plans, and beginning to think about their leased space in a more typical or normal fashion. And that leads them to enter the marketplace and begin to behave in a more normal way. And of course, that brings us more transactions. It also brings us greater square footage in longer term. 
Brett White: No, we really haven't. I think its and the operative word is meaningful. Certainly, during the second quarter, there were in particular a few weeks where there was a very heightened level of concern regarding certain jurisdictions in Europe. We didn't see any material decline in our business activities across Europe. Certainly, it has slowed a bit, but again I think material or meaningful is the operative word. And our view at the moment is that the sovereign debt were user issues extant and continental Europe are not going to have a particularly meaningful impact on the business in Europe for us. 
Brett White: Anthony its still yes, I think that the seasonal patterns that we've generally experienced will be evident in the second half as well. 
Brett White: Certainly year to date, the good news has been for us, the revenue line. I don't think we're ever much surprised by our expense line. We keep very tight controls over our expenses and we rarely have actual results and expenses varying much from our internal budgeting. So, it's all about the revenue side, and we like what we're seeing at the moment. And certainly if those trends are maintained full year then our bias as we said is going to be to have some pretty terrific results. However, I think it's only fair to say at this point in the year that there is enough uncertainty out in the general economic environment. But it's prudent to wait till the end of the third quarter to provide you with any material update to our thoughts about full year.
Brett White: It's fair to assume that at this point in the cycle the likely upside surprises are going to come from transactions, that's where the biggest market lift is, right now because we're coming off of such really miserable comparison from 2009 and 2008. Now that having been said, we've had some really pretty good news coming out of our other businesses as well. We like what we're seeing in our investment management space. We've raised close to $3 billion of capital this year, we deployed a similar amount. Those are good pieces of news for us. We're seeing our development business in the second quarter had some really terrific realizations. They added meaningfully to our results.  Our mortgage business is showing some good signs of recovery. So, we really are at that point Sloan in the cycle where we're seeing broad-based recovery. We could have upside surprise really in any business line but you're absolutely correct Sloan, absolute numbers in terms of surprise will likely come from the transaction businesses. '
Brett White: Yes, well I think the best way to get you on to line development is because of the accounting rules. Sometimes when we have a sub you may recall, we haven't had those in a few quarter, but if you think back on a consolidated deal we have to sometimes break it out of discontinued operations. We also get gains through equity earnings, so when you look at the face of the press release, their income statements are a little tough to follow, I'd admit. That is all included in EBIDTA in the slide. And obviously, that did have a contribution we quoted a number of $25 million of gains associated with those sales. So, that should give you some insight into the impact on the quarter.
Brett White: Sure Will in the end just to remind everybody there are really two types of acquisitions that firms like us make. There is strategic acquisitions, where we've identified a gap in the platform or an area that we want to bolster and we go out and look for it, firms that can help us there, Trammell Crow and Insignia are examples of those types of acquisitions as you're well aware. The other type is opportunitistic, and these are opportunities that come to us and those types of opportunities tend to be infield firms that have for whatever reason decided that they are having a difficult time competing, and they want to roll up into one of the larger firms. And we see opportunities in the mid-term in both areas.  Strategically, we see opportunities in investment management. We see opportunities in some of the capital markets, spaces that we operate in. And we're watching those and paying close attention to what might be available out there. Opportunistically, I believe it's fair to say we are the buyer of choice in the industry. We have a great reputation as a firm that integrates firms well, have a high respect for the culture and the people that we integrate in. And so we're contacted really all the time by mid-size and smaller firms that are looking to roll up and we're taking stock of those and paying close attention to those.  Based on where we are in the cycle, there are actually fewer opportunities available today than there might be. As the cycle becomes more mature, the reasons of course is that the valuation against businesses today. We are very conservative on our valuation. And most firms today are not particularly interested in selling against the kind of valuation that are available in the marketplace. But we are watching all that and I would love to give you more specifics. In fact we're looking at these seven firms in these places, but obviously as a competitor issue. But I think it's fair to say that we have been by far the most acquisitive firm in the industry for decades. We intend to be so going forward. 
Brett White: First, in terms of retaining employees, we really don't have a real issue with retaining our best people. The folks that, and I'm going to generalize horribly here, Will, but I need to. Generally, the folks that we lose or folks that probably are not hugely disappointing to us to lose; if they are in play, it's because they are dissatisfied with their business or things have changed for them and they would like to try and improve their life somewhere else. And in most cases, that's kind of okay with us and probably okay with them.  In the few cases where we'd lose people that we like quite a bit is because they're offered really incredible sums of money, non-economic terms to leave. And in those cases, we're not going to compete with that. If firms want to pay people that kind of money to walk across the street then they should do so and we're going to let those people make those moves. But generally speaking, Will, we use this analogy for so many years but these firms really are a lot like sports teams. Being the number one firm in the business that what people want to be. And to walk away from being with the number one firm to be, number two, or three, or four, or five, requires an inducement. And in most cases it's a pretty serious inducement.  So on the retention side, the best thing we can do to retain our people, and we've always done this, is to make sure we have a dominant firm in the business, that we have a platform that is compelling. We have a culture that is supportive and nurturing, and we think we have the most culture in the business. And certainly we've been ranked that way for a number of years. Look at the list you survey and others; a lot of reasons why staff at CBRE is happy to be here.  In a market like this, what you will find is that as we enter recovery, firms that have gaping holes in their platform or significant weaknesses in certain markets, need to and will spend whatever it takes to recruit people over to fill those gaps and you are seeing some of that right now.  But again, at our firm given the size of the business, a broker leaving here or a property manager leaving, it doesn't move the needle. Of course, we're sorry to see some of those people go, but it's okay. 
Brett White: It's actually a very good question David and it's something that we think a lot about. Every cycle both down and up is different. And this particular radical recovery phase, we're showing not into expansion phase yet. This recovery phase is anemic in terms of GDP and job growth which makes it a bit unusual. And I think it's a very good question to try and think about if job growth stays where it is, what impact that has on leasing.  Let me first say that our projections on the leasing business and leasing market, is that they will steadily improve as we move through the recovery phase and into expansion phase.  The long-term growth rate that I think would be fair to think about in terms of leasing revenues is something in the high single digits. Certainly if look over, the data that we track and the results that we have produced year in, year out for many years, you would, I think you would pretty quickly come to conclusion that in recovery phase, you're going to see some slight up and in the long term expansion phase, you are going to see revenue increases in leasing in that high single digit range. You're going to see some years you have outside gains. You probably won't see years where you have much less than that. 
Brett White: I think the right way to think about this is, I going to give you a directional answer because like give you a quarter I maybe wrong. Directionally, it is correct to characterize the markets as bottoming. It is also accurate to say that most markets are seeing rents flat or nominally up. We believe that you will see positive rent changes in the relative near term in most markets, and I would characterize that as late this year early, mid next year. Now it maybe nominal, but nonetheless moving to a positive from a negative is a very important inflection point in recovery. And we are very close to there in most markets.  I think one of the structural dynamics to keep in mind here is, new construction is virtually absent in most markets around the world in most product types. And that has been a huge supporting dynamic behind the amount of decline in rental rates, and what we think will occur in appreciation of rental rates. But certainly, on the office side I would expect that you are going to see some rental increase fairly soon, and across a number of the markets. Rents take EMEA as an example, of the 55 markets we track in EMEA, right now rents that are stable or rising in 49 of those markets. So you really are at that point where we're in inflection point in most markets, and we should be getting some help from rental rate appreciation very soon. 
Brett White: Sure, we do such a significant amount of business in the major marketplaces that we're enjoying good growth from both categories of clients. It has certainly been a tenants market, the past few years, and I would say that certainly in the last couple of years, what business has been out there on the occupier side has been occupier focused. And that's because you see inducements for tenants to come into empty buildings, disproportionate commissions paid to tenant rep brokers, and that is the case today. That will begin to even out as the markets normalize. The leasing markets generally, they are coming back to a more normal footing and we are seeing good strength both on the owner and occupier side. 
Brett White: Let me take half that question. I'm going to let Gil talk about capital deployed because it's not really a huge issue. But, in terms of desirability, I think that in this business if you want to be a global leader in commercial real estate services you need to have both legs of that stool in a very big way. You need to have a strong outsourcing capability because we really are getting to an environment where virtually every major corporation is looking at outsourcing in one form or another. So, if you're not in that business in a big way, you are just locked out of an ever greater percentage of the large corporate customers that are out there.  On the transaction side, you have to have a very, very strong capability in transactions in all the major markets because at the end of the day what both your corporate customers and your institutional owner customers must have from you is demonstrated expertise and complex difficult negotiations and transactions across product types, or having both is critically important.  The margin opportunities in those businesses are both very attractive. Now the way we account for those businesses, we tend to bolt most of the transaction revenues that we generate from our outsourcing business and our brokerage business lines. So, our reporting margins in outsourcing really don't reflect the true, I'd say holistic margins of those clients, because a lot of the juice of the margins comes from the transactions we do for those clients. And we put those revenues over in the brokerage space. I think it's fair to say that both businesses provide very attractive margins to us. And certainly, what we saw the last few years is that having a market leading outsourcing business is extremely helpful in down markets. We're seeing now that that business is a growth driver in good markets. But let me let Gil address the question on capital usage within the outsourcing business.
Brett White: Sure. Well, again, I really believe this is one of our competitive strength in the industry which is, we've enjoyed a compensation model in our brokerage business for decade. That provides us with the opportunity to weather down markets without any real need to reduce our head count in the brokerage space. As an example, our head count today in the US brokerage space is within a percentage point, not really a rounding of where it was in 2008. We have in one of the nice credit supporting dynamics to our businesses, right and this is something that we've shown for years. The capacity to grow revenues over this base of fee earners is almost limitless. Certainly there is a limit to it; we've never hit it. And so as we see the very strong organic growth which we expect to see during this recovery cycle, we don't have a need to onboard fee earners. Our brokers around the world, our fee earners around the world can take on that business and we'll do a very good job of it.  And I don't expect that our headcount in brokerage professionals globally is going to move much in the next few years. Now, if we do an acquisition of course that's different, but we are not really in the business of adding brokers to our platform. We are in business of improving the ones that we have, and we will move out lower performers and recruit higher performers in. But one of the really amazing statistics around this business is around our business is because of this compensation model we got for years. We can onboard significant revenues without increasing much headcount, or able to weather significant downturns without reducing broker headcount and we didn't really reduce any broker headcount the last few years.
Brett White: Thank you operator and thanks everybody for participating on the call. We'll talk to you next quarter. 
Gil Borok: We have to think about cash in terms of what we have domestically versus what we have offshore as we've talked about before. The offshore cash not being as readily available to us add to the pay down on July 1. Our domestic cash is probably at about $370 million give or take going into the second half. And you're right we would anticipate building cash in the second half. So at this point and given where we are in the cycle given that there are uncertainties, it is prudent for us to have a cash balance on hand. We don't have any accordion type debt i.e., revolver to pay down. So to the extent we would pay down debt, we would lose permanent capacity. If you will, once you pay down term loan, that's a pay down and we don't have that capacity. And so given where we are, we just think it's prudent to build and keep the cash balance on hand and we'll evaluate it as the year goes on. 
Gil Borok: First of all, we benefit from the fact that we are everywhere we need to be. We're in every business line that we want to be in and we're the global leader in virtually all of those geographies and business line. So, it's a huge benefit to us to not have to spend the money, discretionary capital to land our footprint and let me just start with that. Now that having been said, growth for us is going to come from a number of different areas. First and foremost you share growth, and we are seeing quite good share growth in a number of our areas. I think you and the other callers are well aware that in New York for example, we did eight of the top 10 leases in the first half of the year. We did 23 of the top 50, that's more than number two and three firm combined. We were named again the number one investment property dealer in the United States by Real Capital Analytics. In London, we again were named the number one firm in acquisition, disposition and leasing. So we are capturing meaningful amount of share, we are enjoying terrific lift organically from the market recovery, and we are also looking at areas to take advantage opportunistically where we are in the cycle. And those areas could include such items as acquisitions. And as we said on the last call, the marketplace for acquisitions at the moment is relatively thin, that having been said there are opportunities in the marketplace and we were watching them carefully.  We are taking advantage of cyclical business alliance such as our restructuring business line, which we have $7.5 billion of distress that we're working on there and that's a business line that is doing quite well at the moment, but it has a life and that will dwindle off over time. The outsourcing space as big as it is for us, it's very large for us with more than twice the size of our nearest competitor in terms of square footage managed. There is a lot of space there for us to grow and we are doing so.  So I think you will find that our growth is going to come from a variety of different areas, both organic and non-organic. The investment management space which I referenced earlier is an area that there is no better time than now for RLPs to grow investments in commercial real estate, and we are very, very active in that area. So we are very excited about where we stand in the cycle, and seen lots of areas for both organic and inorganic growth.
Gil Borok: Sure, and Brandon if you look at CapEx in our financial statements, it might be a little bit deceiving in terms of the CapEx spent on the transaction business versus outsourcing for the simple reason that all of the capital expenditures which as you know in total are pretty light and not particularly meaningful, but we would show the capital expenditures on that line item. And then, in many cases in the outsourcing business, that's reimbursed to the revenue line. So, it decreases if you will on a net basis, the capital spent on the outsourcing business.  That said, I would say without a lot of quantitative analysis, it's probably not, it's certainly not more draining on our capital expenditures than the brokerage business, and we really only have two areas that we spend, which is lease-hold improvements in a meaningful way, lease hold improvements and information technology, IT.
Gil Borok: Yes, you've got two things going on. On the one hand, this year you do have a gain going through, but that was in the range of about $12 million. On the other hand, last year you've got impairments in the number because you are looking at it on the face of the financial and that's a GAAP basis. So we had impairments last year running through that line. But I guess what I would say on a quarterly basis generally speaking, I would say without those types of extraneous events, and we always seem to have them I know, but on a run rate basis it's single digit moving into the positive.
Gil Borok: Sure, well in terms of the two sales what I would tell you is they were high quality assets, well leased in the Houston markets. So, kind of all of the things you think about at this point in a cycle, the attributes that you think about of an asset that would sell, these assets had. And so, they happen to hit within the same quarter. I would say that there is possibly more sales in the future, but nothing definitive. So I would say it is not indicative of the trend necessarily. And I would sort of leave it at that. 
Gil Borok: One of those properties was consolidated and one of those was a co-investment. So to the extent the gain it was split pretty much evenly between the two, so to the extent that the gain came through for the consolidated property. That actually reflected in discontinued operations. To the extent it was related to the property where we co-invested, it came through equity earnings. But more generally speaking, I think this might answer the question, in terms of the co-investment that we have which is reflected in the slide deck, we don't anticipate seeing anymore significant write-downs. There maybe one here or there, but we don't expect any significant ones and that should be indicative in terms of where we think the values are relative to our portfolio. 
