Brett White: Thanks Gill. And please turn to slide 21. Although circumstances can always change it certainly feels like a broader economy has stabilized. Employment is showing early signs of improvement and corporate earnings are getting stronger. And in many cases driven by revenue gains. Credit markets continue to slowly improve and property values have stabilized, even showing some signs of improvement for higher quality assets. Buyers are increasingly beginning to move forward with purchase decisions, sellers are feeling more confident about listing properties. And occupiers are getting more comfortable making longer term lease commitments. We would expect all these external factors to drive increased transaction volumes and revenue growth for our company. Our strong revenue results for the first quarter give us additional confidence so we are now in the early days of recovery in growth cycle. Although this recovery may include some bumps along the way. As we continue to keep a watchful eye on expenses as evidenced by our margins, we are now transitioning to our more traditional aggressive and offense oriented posture. Our firm is re-energized and highly focused on growth. Although market sentiment has greatly improved and business prospects are brightened. Global economic growth and credit market still face meaningful challenges. Despite recent value stabilization were certain property classes many properties have current values that are substantially lower, but when they were originally underwritten by the owner and their lenders. These properties face a possible funding shortfall as mortgages mature due to more stringent financial terms, lenders require today. We believe that more financial institutions may opt to take control of non-performing properties and we can expect to see more of these assets being brought to market for sale. These factors continue to have the potential to create a disrupted environment during the commercial real estate recovery. As we look forward to remainder of 2010, we expect that investment sales will continue to show strong year-over-year growth. Leasing should grow but it’s tied to (inaudible) recovery which may be a bit choppy. The outsourcing business will grow modestly showing improvements over 2009 quarterly results and revenue from asset based businesses will not experience significant growth for the coming year. Our results for the first quarter were meaningfully better than our internal estimates developed late last year. The increase in velocity and size (inaudible) these transactions globally. It showed unexpected strengthen their ability and I must say it is nice to finally be surprised by positive results rather than negative ones. The early results for April indicate a continuation of this trend and all these data points together allow us to maintain our view, that 2010 may very well mark to return traditional levels of growth for CB Richard Ellis. Operator we will now take question.
Brett White: Anthony this is Brett. That really turns most on the performance in Europe. Europe traditionally is a zero profit or loss making business to at least the first quarter or sometimes even second quarter and even early third quarter, it’s the way the compensation programs work. Conversely when you get to the fourth quarter or late third quarter Europe’s margin become very, very high and that impacts your gross margin if you have flow to the P&L its all about that.Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then second item, last quarter you had put a paragraph in the press release about just how you think the business could perform in a more normalized environment and I think we are all able to kind of back in to some numbers using that. And now it sounds like the business is beating you in your internal projections. I know you are not giving guidance but is that paragraph and the parameters you outlined last quarter at least still valid and may be things are little bit better than that perhaps.
Brett White: Yeah and I didn’t actually comment on the balance sheet but you are exactly right that planning change has caused a gross up on the balance sheet both on the asset side and the liability side in those real estate lines.Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: : Are those assets can you may be put a little color around just how much you actually know or own versus just having to consolidate it, just any income those withdrawing offers that are development related.
Brett White: They are actually not development related they were in the investment management segment, it’s a handful of assets that we are now deemed to have control over. There is no ownership in those assets. And there is no bottom-line impact it has an impact on EBITDA but all of it reverses out in the line item on controlling interests, so at the pre-tax line there is no impact on them.Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Brett White: Well it’s a good question and its very difficult at this point in year to predict what incremental margins will be and how much margin pickup will have for the year certainly if we have continuing quarters like the first quarter you are going to see very nice pickups in margin through the year. Incremental margin, it all depends on how much revenue we are on boarding, and where it’s coming from. And in the first as Gil mentioned to Anthony we had very strong pick up in our transaction businesses and those come in off at good margins. And it feels, it feels to us that those businesses are performing quite well and we like the way they look at the moment I mentioned on the call that April is continuation of that trend. So this is a year where margins could see some nice attrition. But again its early days and its really hard to tell at this point what the summer fall and fourth quarter will bring us.Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I wanted to see if you could just comment on any potential fall out from kind of the European tech prices unfolding there, what’s your exposure may be some of those countries that have been most hit. And are you really hearing anything from your combined say conditions are changing at all… clearly running Paris continue to perform well but just thinking about some of those smaller markets.
Brett White: Sure it will because again is that old analogy that you can fall off the bed but you can’t fall off the floor and investment property fells globally on the floor. So its interesting when you look at the investment property’s sale numbers that all of the public firms were reporting there are at 50, there are at 60 there are at 40%. Well that’s true but there are 40, 50, and 60% from really, a very, very small number. So the sale of the distressed properties are going to move that needle. Because again it doesn’t take a lot of business to bring that very low number up 20, 30, and 40% and yeah they will make a difference and we’ll see that, I expect to the P&L.Kevin Doherty – Banc of America Securities/Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate thanks Brett.
Brett White: Sure, well Sloan, all credit to our development business. There is no business in the firm that went after expense more aggressively than our Trammell Crow Company. They attacked expense as a percent of their total OpEx. They reduced significantly more than any other business line or any geography. They really carried that business down to a dial tone where they could get through the last few years remained EBITDA positive, and I congratulate them for that. And, they are now in a position where they can grow and they are excited about the opportunities that they believe that this marketplace will bring them. Certainly in the asset acquisition and disposition business, this is where people start to get really interesting about creating value at this point in the cycle, and they are interested.  That having been said, opportunities are very few and far between. Most of their activity at the moment is in development of what I would call zero risk transactions. These are builder suites for customers or on-site development or educational institutions, hospitals these sorts of facilities. We love that business. It’s basically cost plus business and it’s a good way to get the bills paid and create some value in a tough market, but now they are beginning, like the rest of the business, to get a more offensive and look at more investment opportunities out in the marketplace. I think they will likely find some.
Brett White: It’s Brett. I have to chuckle Sloan at your comment for over a decade that very worthy competitors of ours used our commission structure as a real point of differentiation and frankly used it to criticize our firm and make a point of differentiation between the two firms that there are sales force was salary bonus ours was commission. We welcomed them to the commission business. The commission structure has always been the right structure for the transaction business. We have been a commission structure firm from day one, Sloan. So there is no need for this firm to be thinking about or discussing changes in compensation structure for our sales force.
Brett White: I think it does change the competitive dynamic. I think that a commission structured sales force requires a different type of management. It’s something that’s learned over time and it’s something that is frankly harder, I believe, to do, than managing a purely salary bonused sales force. Competitively, it really now puts everybody on an even footing as it comes to compensation, it’s not difficult for any producer or for that matter any firm to quantify the compensation structures that the major competitors and Sloan, as I think you know all the manor competitors pay almost exactly the same commission split. Competitively, Sloan, people in this business don’t move for split, they are smarter than that. They move for platform and the platform that we have a platform that very worthy competitor has a terrific platform, and as I said for many years I think they are going to find that the highest quality talent is going to end up generally at those two firms, and I think that’s a great outcome.
Brett White: Yes Will, it’s a great question and I think one of the big mistakes that some of our competitors have made in the past have been to impose a compensation structure or regime into a market or geography that uses a different compensation structure, and by the way we love it when competitors do that because it displaces the best people and we saw that happen in Australia and the Asia-Pacific region five, six, seven years ago where… and much of that region is on what looks like a commission structure and, when some other firms went to try salary-bonus there lots of people found that to be untenable and we picked out literally hundreds… 300 in Australia over that period of time, and I think… my opinion is Will then building these types of transaction oriented services business, the ideal structure, if you can do it, is to have an appropriate and competitive compensation structure for every local market you participate in. If you can do that and if those structures provide you with margins that you believe are acceptable, then you have a really powerful value proposition to focus on all these markets, and not only to them, but we can tell our clients when they are being serviced by teams in those markets, those teams are very solid and very happy with their lots and their business life. And we have been able to do. We have been residents in these markets for decades, in some cases for 40 and 50 years, and our compensation regimes and structures are different, market to market. But all of them, the one common denominator about all them is they produce exceptional margins, and when you look at our margins we had market leading margins well here for years and that is a result of the fact about dynamics, that tension making sure our compensation systems are appropriate and competitive in the local market for the same time produce exceptional margins and that balance is hard to come by, but we have found it.
Brett White: Well we don’t generally disclose the bonus numbers that we pay out. So I can’t give you a specific number, but what I can do – I think you are exactly right, that with net debt being maintained we obviously had a good quarter relative to cash flow and being a first quarter because that number is a significant number for us and so we maintained and by definition we did well.
Brett White: Yes, when you are looking it on the income statement, Will, there is -- that’s a GAAP number which would include the minority portion of any write-downs that we take and now we do expect the write-downs that we -- you can see in the first quarter they were not a significant number and that’s what we expect going forward that we might have some as we mark-to-market in a timely fashion each quarter. So, we can expect as little bit more potentially, but it won’t be a meaningful number, but unfortunately what that does is a disturbing trend that you might see. The only other color I think I can you on that line item is that most of that minority interest is associated with the development business where our minority is actually bigger than our stake and so as a result it will move with the business generally speaking and not withstanding the write-downs that we have been taking and which I will classify as one time. So it’s a sort of move with that business. There is a little bit of investment management and not withstanding those write-downs it will move with those asset based businesses.
Brett White: Great. Well thank you operator, and thanks folks for calling in. We will talk to you at the end of the second quarter.
Gil Borok: Sure. Good morning. I think that lot it well most of it has to do a business mix and so you can’t have big shifts year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter from outsourcing revenues to transaction revenues and that will be the main driver. So outsourcing depending how far back you are going obviously pre Trammell Crow it was not nearly as bigger a total of as bigger portion of the total but post Trammell Crow you know its grown and in the down years of ‘08 and ‘09 it was a bigger portion of the total mix hence the cost of services portion although our P&L went up and we saw that reverse slightly in the first quarter as transaction revenues came back.Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay so if I look it for instance last year I think there was over 600 basis points of gross margin expansion from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. Given what you did in the first quarter of 2010 and what you are saying could it be that dramatic this year or do you think it will go flatter.
Gil Borok: The way I would answer that is traditionally you will see the seasonality come to from Q1 through Q4 so you’ll always see growth in or expansion in that margin over the course of the year. But as to whether it will be the same as last year more or less I can’t say at this point.
Gil Borok: Yes Will, it’s Gil. Good morning. The question was asked, it’s relating to the accounting change. So we had certain assets in investment management that under the new accounting rules came in to effect at the beginning of the year -- new consolidation accounting rules. We have to consolidate certain assets we didn’t have to under the old rules. There is no change in ownership but rather change in how a control is defined and so we consolidated those. It’s driving up the assets, the real estate assets and similarly driving up the liabilities. So that significantly was up.
Gil Borok: Yes, Will it’s in principal your historical modeling, I think, was spot on and that was the right way to think about that business. We are in a unusual environment right now where some of the buyers they are out there are not using traditional financing to acquire these properties and many buyers are taking the financing that is on the property and assuming that financing in fact those are the most attractive properties that are out there right now are properties that are leveled appropriately and have assumable financing on them. So the mortgage business had a fairly soft quarter. The housing investment property market stabilizes and we have seen a more traditional mix of buyers in the marketplace and we should expect that business to post more solid growth.
