Bob Sulentic: Tony, first of all, even if the work you do for a client in a specific portion of their portfolio is shrinking, it likely would result in project management work, potentially transaction management work, portfolio management work, so even if you have some shrinkage within an account, there are opportunities for revenue. But secondly, there is the addition of new accounts which has been very significant for us for the past year, actually record levels, and we’re expecting that going forward, where people are giving us more property to manage because they want to save cost, so the combination of those factors has allowed us to grow that business consistently over the years during downturns, and we expect it’s going to be a double-digit grower in 2023 for the same reasons.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, okay. Well, where we’re seeing activity in sales is for good assets, even in some cases office assets if they’re Class A buildings, fully leased, but for sure industrial and multi-family. If you went back to last year, even the end of last year, you would get a couple bidders that would test the waters, but now for some of the better quality assets, we’re getting several bidders and they’re bidding aggressively, and there’s anecdotes on multi-family, there’s anecdotes on industrial in particular where we’re seeing that happen. It’s quite a bit different than it was last year. There is a lot of capital that’s been on the sidelines wanting to acquire assets. There’s a lot of asset owners that have wanted to sell assets, and we’re starting to see spreads come in a little bit now and the buyers get a little more aggressive in various cases, so that’s what you’re seeing there. With leasing, we continue to see very strong fundamentals in industrial. There is low vacancy, there are a lot of companies out there that still need space for a variety of reasons, and so we are seeing momentum there, and then you have, as we said before, you have a considerable amount of renewal activity around office buildings and retail in particular. 
Bob Sulentic: Yes Chandni, I’ll comment and then I’ll give it to Emma. First of all, we actually expect 2024 to not go back to ’22 levels but actually exceed ’22. A big part of that is the large portion of our business that’s either secularly benefited or cyclically advantaged, all of that outsourcing business which in aggregate is now quite large. Anything we’re doing for the industrial or multi-family asset classes, we expect to be strong by then. Project management will be strong, we expect the debt business to come back, so all of those circumstances are driving it. Now, the thing that would cause it to not happen is if we were wrong about the recession, if the recession was worse or lasted longer or started later, but those parts of our business are what we expect to drive that outcome. Emma, you may want to add to that.
Bob Sulentic: I think probably right now, it’s the stabilization of rates. The other thing, Steve, that I think is going on is people are recognizing that with all the concerns about the economy, and obviously there are considerable concerns, the fundamentals in industrial and multi-family are really strong - really low vacancy rates, every reason in the world to believe that rental rates will go up at least somewhat, and that’s in what’s going to be a tough year and then longer term, it’s going to be better. Then you have this just very human thing about sellers being ready to sell and buyers being ready to buy with capital and sitting on the sidelines for a long time. As soon as two or three circumstances start to line up favorably - fundamentals, stabilization of rents or rates, rates coming down a little bit, some talk in the market that maybe the recession won’t be as bad as we thought. When you get that confluence of circumstances, things start to shake loose a little bit, and as soon as one or two buyers go into the market, others start to get into the market because they’re afraid they’ll be left behind.
Bob Sulentic: A little bit, Steve. You know, we still have the economic circumstance that we have with high interest rates, with concerns about the economy that’s causing people to not spend the way they would spend normally, so that’s a little bit of downward pressure on the business, but we’re encouraged by what we see in terms of the longer term trend. 
Bob Sulentic: Yes, so Michael, what I’d say is our current assumption is that this downward pressure that we’ve seen on office leasing is going to sustain for the time being. We haven’t seen much change over the last few months in the return to office. We’ve built a plan for the next several years that assumes that that is going to be the case. We assume that there’s going to be a move over time from lesser quality to better quality assets, higher rates, higher rental rates, which will be a positive impact on the business, but definitely going forward we expect more of our income stream in the leasing business to come from industrial relative to office than it has--other than in last year, than it has in the longer term past, and we don’t see that changing. The comments that Emma made about our plan for the next several years, our growth plan, fully incorporate that view.
Bob Sulentic: Well first of all, we are now not expecting a recession in Europe, and we expect Europe to trend better than the U.S. in terms of return to the office. Then you go to Asia, and we expect Asia to be almost like it was historically as it relates to return to the office, and we have very strong businesses particularly in Korea, Japan and China relative to what we’ve had historically and relative to our competition. We have a very strong business in Japan and we expect that business--it’s become quite large for us and we expect it to continue to grow.  You have the economic backdrop that’s positive, relatively speaking, and then you have the circumstance related to return to the office that’s positive, relatively speaking, as you move from the U.S. to Europe to Asia, and then you have just the very strong relative business position that we have, particularly in Asia but also our businesses in Europe and the U.K. have gotten much stronger over the past few years on a relative basis, so you see all those things coming through.
Bob Sulentic: I don’t think it’s had a major impact, Jade. Everybody is in the--of the mindset that things are going to be uncertain for a while. I don’t think the view as to how the year is going to play out has changed in any significant way. It certainly hasn’t for us. Our view continues to be that we’re going to have a relatively mild recession, that we’re going to be out of it toward the end of the year, early next year, and that the capital markets are going to come back in the back half of the year, and we’ve already walked through what we’re seeing anecdotally. We are definitively seeing positive anecdotal signs. We don’t want to over-rotate in terms of extrapolating too much from those anecdotal signs, but we think we’ll see more of that in the back half of the year.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have--Jade, we have multiple places that we play in the office sector, so starting with development, we develop it, we manage it, we sell it, we finance it. We’ve sized our business and our capital allocation strategy consistent with the assumptions that we’ve talked about here today, about where that business is going to be. The other place we play in the office sector is in our investment in Industrious. We think Industrious is going to continue to grow at a healthy clip. It’s a really good offering with a really strong leadership team, and we are looking at that to be likely a bigger part of our business going forward. But we expect leasing to be as we described. We don’t expect to do much development, although we’ll do some development on build-to-suits - that will continue to be part of our business, and that’s great business when you can do office build-to-suits with credit tenants, and that’s what we would do. Then over time--there’s all kinds of uncertainty about what’s going to happen in the financing markets, but over time there will be a good amount of financing work in the office space as well. 
Bob Sulentic: This is the kind of environment that generally plays well for CBRE. When times are uncertain, it’s harder to generate commissions on either leases or sales or financing opportunities. Brokers tend to want to go to a platform that’s more likely to support them, so better information, bigger base of clients, better brand, a company that can be well positioned to invest in a downturn because they have a strong balance sheet. We’re going to generate a lot of cash in 2023 and 2024, and the brokers that pay attention, the more sophisticated brokers know that and they know we’ll be able to continue to invest in our business. It helps us retain and it helps us recruit, and Jack Durburg and the advisory team had a big year of recruiting last year and we’re expecting that to play out the same way this year.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again when we report on our first quarter. 
Emma Giamartino: Yes, to put a little context around what those numbers look like, Chandni, if you think about our resilient lines of businesses, we’ve talked about that being 40% contributor to our SOP. In 2022, it was 45% of our SOP; in 2023, it’s going to be closer to 50% to 55% of our SOP, and those are our lines of business that we expect to continue to grow through a recession, so that’s becoming a larger and larger part of our business. Then our transactional business lines, we expect them to rebound starting a little bit the end of 2023 into 2024, and what’s important to know about that is the growth that’s embedded in that outlook to get back to above 2022 levels means that our advisory lines of business, our transactional lines of business would need to grow less than they did in 2021. Putting that all together, it’s very achievable. Then on top of that, what’s not embedded in the 2024 guidance or our outlook is any sort of material capital allocation or M&A, which would put us far above 2022 levels.
Emma Giamartino: Sure. When we look at allocating capital, we look at buybacks and M&A and are weighing which is a better use of our capital and which can drive a greater long term return for us. In 2022, you saw there wasn’t a significant amount of M&A opportunities, but obviously we’re building our pipeline and continue to build our pipeline and are seeing things--conversations are starting to build and accelerate in a way that they did not in 2022. But because there wasn’t a tremendous amount of M&A activity available, we repurchased almost $2 billion worth of shares and our share price was also at an attractive valuation, so we’ll continue to look at that. We are constantly evaluating whether we’re going to buy back or we’re going to do a larger transformational acquisition, and we’ll continue to do that throughout this year and we’ll update you as that progresses; but in our outlook, we didn’t include what that would look like because we don’t know how it’s going to unfold going forward. In terms of M&A, we are willing to go up to two times leverage for a transformational deal. If it was highly transformational, we’d go slightly above that, but that’s the range that we’re looking at. Then with capital allocation overall, we want to, at the very least, end the year net leverage neutral, but we’re willing to go above that for buybacks as well.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, absolutely. I do want to step back, and there’s two major things going on that are different. The first is the U.K. put in a fire safety act which is still under review, related to a very terrible fire that happened in 2017, so through that act, they’re requiring all home builders who have built a building over a certain size over the past 30 years to bring those buildings up to the current fire safety standard, so as a result, we and all other homebuilders in the U.K. are having to go through this process of determining what the cost will be across all of our buildings that we’ve built over the next five, 10 years, as long as it takes us to remediate those issues, and that’s where you see the non-cash, about $140 million reserve that we took in Q4. What’s important to know about that is that is our best estimate of what we think the cost will be to remediate those, but the actual cash outflow to remediate those issues across those buildings will be over a very long period of time, so we view that as an isolated, anomalous issue that’s occurring across all homebuilders in the U.K. The second piece is how the operations of our business are being impacted, and that’s primarily related to the external environment, record cost inflation, we had a number of COVID slowdowns that we’ve talked about over the past numbers of years within Telford specifically, so what we did in Q4 is we evaluated all of our projects, you saw that we impaired a number of assets and we took a $43 million loss in Q4 - for the full year, it was just shy of $50 million, and we believe that that’s contained, that that’s a very good estimate of the value of those assets going forward and that we’re at an inflection point going forward, and we expect under new leadership and with the tailwinds behind U.K. build-to-rent, that that business will continue to grow going forward.
Emma Giamartino: It is about--it’s a little over 50%, and that’s come down if you compare that to 2019, for example - it was closer to 70%, so that has steadily come down.
Emma Giamartino: Jade, I’ll walk through development first and then our investment management business. On the development side, any impairments, and we don’t think there should be significantly more this year, are embedded in our guidance for that segment, and as I noted in my remarks, we’ve already generated $100 million of SOPs in January alone in our development business, so we feel pretty confident in how the development business will pan out for this year. On the investment management side, what we’re expecting is slightly positive net flows for this year, so $5 billion primarily from our listed mandates and then also from infrastructure, and from our opportunistic funds to a lesser extent, and then we’re also embedding a slight decrease in the market value of that AUM which will offset some of those net inflows.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, and it’s primarily capital markets that we’re really expecting to pick up, mostly in Q4. Just to give, Jade, a little context around that, if our sales revenue comes in 5% lower than what we’re expecting, for the full year that would have about a $0.02 EPS impact. Then on the leasing side, we’re not relying on a massive rebound at the end of the year, but obviously we’re guiding towards less of a decline in leasing for the full year. For leasing, if there’s a 5% decline in revenue versus what we’re expecting right now, that would have more like a 3% change to EPS, and on the sales side, I meant 2% change to EPS.
Emma Giamartino: Yes, so we expect it to be roughly in line with where we were in 2022, which was about 75% free cash flow conversion. What’s important to note about that is because we’re in somewhat of a--we are in a declining market, there is inconsistency in timing in terms of how we accrue our bonuses and how we pay them out in cash. If you normalize for that timing in 2023, our free cash flow conversion is closer to mid-80s, which is where we want to be long term, so we should expect coming into 2024 that we should hit a more normalized growth environment in that mid-80% free cash flow conversion range.
Emma Giamartino: Our in-process, just to frame what our in-process is, that is projects that have either started construction or we own the land and it is expected to start construction within 12 months. The decline was primarily driven by projects in that latter category that we now believe are going to be more than 12 months off, and so they’ve been moved into the pipeline category. We’ll continue to evaluate our in-process portfolio, but if things move out of in-process at this point, again it’s projects that won’t be starting for more than 12 months, it will not impact 2023. It would have an impact to 2024 and beyond.
