Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning everyone. We ended 2016 on a high note. CBRE recorded double-digit adjusted earnings growth for the fourth quarter and the year with excellent performance in all three regional services businesses. These results are particularly noteworthy in a year of generally softer market-wide property sales volumes, virtually no carried interest income and tepid global economic growth. We set new records for the company in 2016 with more than $13 billion of revenue and nearly $1.6 billion of adjusted EBITDA. Credit for this belongs to our more than 75,000 professionals around the globe who are deeply committed to producing great outcomes for our clients, day in and day out. In addition to achieving record financial performance, very importantly, we continued to advance our strategy. This strategy centers around delivering exceptional outcomes to our clients. Our people and the operating platform that supports them are the key elements to delivering these outcomes. Both advanced materially in 2016 and the impact is showing up in our results. CBRE is in a stronger competitive position than ever. A good example of the strategic gains we made in 2016 is the work we did integrating the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition, one of the largest and quite possibly, the most complex in the history of our sector. This effort involved massive client-facing line of business and back office transformations. The result of having largely completed this very challenging work is that our occupier outsourcing business is much larger, much more capable of producing strong client outcomes and well positioned for strong, long-term growth. We now serve clients with employees on the ground in over 100 countries. We remain riveted on sustaining our progress with particular focus on areas such as technology and data analytics, where we can capitalize on the expertise and vast amounts of information we possess. For example, last month, we acquired Floored, a leading software-as-a-service platform that produces scalable interactive 3D visualization technologies for commercial real estate. Clients should expect continued visible advancements from us in the technology area. Now, Jim will take you through our financial results in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks Jim. CBRE enters 2017 in a great position following very strong performance in 2016. Our business has positive underlying momentum as the global economy continues to grow, albeit at a modest pace and commercial real estate fundamentals remain sound. Our outlook is bolstered by the many advantages CBRE holds as a sector leader. Our talent base is deep and our people are aligned with and energized by our strategy. Our operating platform is becoming stronger as we continue to invest in technology, data analytics and other strategic initiatives. Our specific expectations for 2017 are based on following the assumptions. Number one, global economic growth will approximate 3%, according to the consensus view of economists. Number two, U.S. job growth will slow from 2016’s pace, but remain relatively solid. Number three, market-wide property sales volumes globally will be roughly in line with 2016 levels with continued volatility quarter-to-quarter. Against this backdrop, in local currency, we expect our capital markets businesses, property sales and mortgage services to increase revenue at a low to mid single-digit rate and leasing revenue to grow at a mid single-digit rate, reflecting our ability to take market share in both business lines. We expect the occupier outsourcing business to achieve approximately 10% fee revenue growth in local currency with a weighting to the second half of the year. Combined adjusted EBITDA from real estate investment businesses is anticipated to be flat to slightly down from 2016 with improved performance from Global Investment Management, while Development Services comes down from a record level in 2016. Our adjusted EBITDA margin on fee revenue is expected to remain strong at approximately 17.5% to 18%. Overall, we expect to achieve adjusted earnings per share for 2017 in the range of $2.35 to $2.45. We anticipate growth to be constrained by a $0.06 per share headwind from adverse foreign currency movement. At the midpoint of our guidance range, the growth rate for earnings per share would be 4% in U.S. dollars or 7% in local currency, almost entirely from organic growth. With that operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, this is Bob. Thanks. We expect leasing to perform similarly to what it did this year pretty much around the world. We should see some gains here in the U.S. and in Continental Europe. And Asia Pacific will be relatively flat next year, we think, but on balance, we should see a performance pretty consistent with this year.
Bob Sulentic: Sure. On tax rate, we have assumed that we are – our tax rate will go from 33.4% this year down to 32% next year. That further decrease is driven primarily by projected mix, net income at the entity level. And we are able to capture some losses that have been trapped in entities here and there, which is helpful.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We are not giving that detail as far as what we are putting out on the balance sheet on capital items.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. David, it may have had a slight impact on the appetite in the pricing, but not a material impact. We still see a lot of capital that wants to go into real estate. If you look at last year, there was various press written about lower volumes, but it’s worth keeping in mind that, that’s relative to 2015, which was the strongest year in a decade and last year was still very, very good by comparison to the previous decade other than 2015. We are going into this year with the assumption that interest rates will go up modestly and that capital flows into real estate and trading velocity will be similar to last year.
Bob Sulentic: Well, it’s important in responding to that question to know how we run that business. We have what we call alliance directors or account managers responsible for each of those major relationships. They have teams of people that work on the relationships and their job is to be closely involved with our clients. First, to make sure we are delivering great service to them on everything we have hired them for, but also to be aware of everything they might need that we are well positioned to do for them going forward. So that work is actively underway now. We just finished the year in which we were very, very focused on completing the integration and very focused on making sure that the work that we had already been given by the clients was being executed well. And our client care program, which measures the results for clients, showed that we had improved our services to clients materially last year and their satisfaction materially. We expect as this year unfolds, to shift quite a bit of our energy to marketing and expanding that business, which you should see come through in the numbers in the later part of the year. But part of that will be cross-selling and part of that will be selling to new accounts and renewing accounts. So we are expecting to see good activity in that regard as the year unfolds.
Bob Sulentic: Sure. That’s a good question. Our near-term appetite for M&A has not ticked down. And as we have commented probably the last, I don’t know five quarters or six quarters, we really felt that M&A in the marketplace had just been getting too aggressive, whether it was pricing or terms of both. And we were walking away from deals where we had the last look on companies that we liked. But we just – the underwriting just wasn’t meeting our requirements. So that’s the primary driver, by far, of the reduction in activities as you have seen from us in infill in the last several quarters. But we – our appetite for M&A is as strongest as it’s ever been. Our pipeline is as good as it’s ever been. So if pricing and structures come back in line, then you will see us do more.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, the thing about the transformative deals is that they don’t come on a regular basis. We have done a few of them in the last 5 years. We did the ING acquisition, the Norland acquisition, the GWS acquisition. But those come up sometimes because of where we are at in the market cycle, sometimes because of the circumstance that the seller has with their business or a portion of their business. And they also have to come up at a time that we feel we are well positioned to take them on and integrate them. We are confident that there will be more of them. We are not sure where they will come from in our business. We would be interested in doing them in various parts of our line of business lineup and in various regions around the world if the right circumstance arose. But you just can’t predict when they are going to come. We are – our balance sheet, our operating capability, the ability of our people to integrate these types of deals positions us really well to do them when they happen, but we just don’t know when they are going to happen.
Bob Sulentic: I think you may be commenting where we commented on – we have mentioned that our two principal businesses, the Development Services and Global Investors business combined would be flat to down slightly next year. But that comment is specifically with regard to those two businesses.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We didn’t give specific guidance on adjusted EBITDA, but we gave you revenue guidance and EPS guidance. Back into it.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Jade, we saw choppiness earlier in the year, but the fourth quarter was strong and the year as a whole looks strong and we expect that to be a similar circumstance in 2017. We expect to see volumes similar to what we saw in ‘16. We are hoping and expecting to take a little market share as we have over the past few years. And as I commented earlier, with regard to the interest rates, they will probably tick up a bit. That may put a little pressure on sales. But also, there is a circumstance out there where in general, institutions are under-allocated to commercial real estate by about 100 basis points relative to where they want to be. So that could be a positive impact. So in general, we are expecting a good year and we are expecting to perform well and take some more market share.
Bob Sulentic: I would say the number one quality of bidders is running at a consistent pace, not for every deal or everywhere in the United States or the world, but broadly speaking, I think that’s fair and we expect the market to play out similarly to last year.
Bob Sulentic: The leasing business and the corporate outsourcing business don’t necessarily track on that dimension. Corporate outsourcing is driven by the desire of corporations to have somebody that does this work as their vocation, let’s call it, handle it for them rather than doing it for themselves. They have a bunch of things that they want to accomplish often focused on their core business, cost savings, ability to have talent assigned to the work that’s better than the talent they themselves are able to assign to it. The leasing market is driven by the separate set of dynamics, which the most prominent one would be job growth or expectations about expansion of the business. So we are not really seeing on the margin the things that might impact leasing volume impact the amount of outsourcing activity we would see.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we expect to add headcount again in 2017. We will have to see what the market holds. A reasonable assumption would be that it would play out kind of like last year, but we just don’t know yet. And certainly, we should get the benefit of prior year’s net recruiting gains in our numbers for this year.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think that will be up. We are counting on that and that’s reflected in the guidance we gave.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Mitch, that’s a good question and that’s shifted over time, if you were to have gone back 3 years or 4 years we were pretty far behind in what we called our infrastructure, the basic systems that run our company. And we made the investments to catch up. We have largely caught up. We are in – we believe we are in very good shape in that regard. By the way, our people believe we are in very good shape in that regard and that’s really important. And now we have shifted our focus to what we call enablement technology, which is providing tools to our people that they can use to serve our clients. We are well over 50% enablement now and we expect that to grow over the next – this year and the next several years.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we just came through and largely completed. There is still some work going on, but we have largely completed what I would consider to be the biggest and most complicated integration in the history of our sector, 16,000 people, clients spread across 100 countries, huge back office separation and reconnection to our systems. And a lot of the focus was during that transition and integration was, in fact I wouldn’t say a lot, it was overwhelmingly towards just serving those clients well during the transition and then getting the transition itself done. We have now shifted much more to being focused on growing the business. But there will be a ramp-up period coming out of that integration focus and that’s why the growth will be weighted towards the back half of 2017.
Bob Sulentic: It hasn’t taken longer than we expected, but it’s been harder than we expected. Those things – you learn a lot when you – after you do a deal like that. And when you get into it, you can only know so much going into it. I will tell you one thing that’s hugely rewarding to us is that we believe we are the only company in the industry that could have gotten that integration done on that pace and with that kind of outcome. It’s had a very, very positive impact on our earnings. It’s had a very positive impact on our ability to serve our clients. It’s repositioned us in the marketplace. It’s given us some great opportunities for cost synergies. We now have great opportunity for revenue synergies. It was a huge job that took a lot of focus, but it’s largely behind us. And it’s a very positive thing for our company.
Jim Groch: Thanks Anthony. As you said, it was up 4% USD, up 10% local currency. And as we noted at our Investor Day, we are not hedging currencies this year. And as Bob noted in his closing, based on the currency, based on the forward curve today, we are assuming about a 6% – I am sorry about a $0.06 currency headwind for the year overall. And our guidance within GWS local currency growth is 10%. We haven’t gotten that specific as to say what will the growth in USD be in that line of business, but hopefully, those data points give you enough to go on.
Jim Groch: Yes. I mean if you look at the forward curve today versus where we are, it should be less of an impact.
Jim Groch: Sure. That’s a good question. So there has been – there is an enormous amount of back office, in particular integration costs and that’s what you are starting to see. Initial integration costs are more integration of people and there is some severance costs, etcetera, in there. What we are seeing in Q4 is we were getting off of the systems that remained at Johnson Controls where they were providing services to us on their systems. So in Q4, we got off of most of the major systems. What’s left we will be getting off by the end of Q2. And irrespective of whether there are continued costs still dribbling in, we will stop adjusting for those costs as of Q2.
Jim Groch: Yes, sure. We have not gotten specific through the last year as we initiated this cost cutting program in which as you know, started in Q4 of ‘15, ended in Q3 of last year. And you can kind of back into your own estimates based on the charges we have taken. And then we have reinvested some of those savings back into the business, so they don’t all drop to the bottom line.
Jim Groch: We did, Brandon, see some pressure on recruiting and retention last year that we responded to in exactly the same way we responded to the M&A market. There were some circumstances that we thought were non-economic and we didn’t participate when we saw that to be the case. But at the same time, our net recruit – headcount recruiting was in the hundreds of millions, probably off about a third from the prior couple of years, but still very, very strong. But we are remaining disciplined in that regard and we think that’s the right place for us to be and it’s working well.
Jim Groch: I would say the technology investments we are making, if you look at them are very, very focused around investments that leverage our people to do more for our clients. It’s not necessarily geared to the big revenue producers in and of themselves, as a matter of fact, generally not the case. But they are geared to help our people do more for their clients, to help us gain market share and just to be overall better positioned to create value.
