Brett White: Thank you, Gil. Please turn to slide #18. We believe we are in the early stages of recovery in the commercial real estate cycle. It is reasonable to expect meaningful growth in 2011, although we do not expect growth rates comparable to those experienced in 2010 as we bounced off an abnormally little bottom in this cycle. Investment sales and leasing should continue to show year-over-year improvements, although comparisons of course will be a bit tougher. Outsourcing growth trends and our accelerated contract win rate leads us quite optimistic for 2011. We are now more optimistic regarding our expectations for Global Investment Management. Based on the rate at which we brought back cost in 2010, we expect the growth in cost to be much slower in 2011. We are committed to managing cost commensurate with revenue growth to ensure we maintained industry leading margins. We know there is significant operating leverage in our business and still believe getting to our goal of 20% EBITDA margins at the peak of the cycle, is quite achievable. We intend to actively manage the business to get there. Taking all this into account, for the full-year 2011, the second year of what we expect to be a multi-year recovery, we expect earnings to be in the range of $0.95 to $1.05 per share. And operator, with that we’ll now open for questions.
Brett White: In terms of the investment property market, both here and the States and in Europe and Asia, we’re a leader in all those markets and we’re a leader in those subsets of the markets that we think we have the best opportunity to create profits. So we look at real capital analytics there are components of what they track we just don’t participate in or don’t participate in very deeply. But those segments that we do participate in, we believe and the number show that we actually increased our distance in share year-over-year, and we intend to continue to do so. On the investment property side, this is the business that has gone through a historic and I think once in a life time unraveling. And really as we all saw, that business went from a peak activity that was astounding to really zero activity two years later. And the onboarding of costs in that business fortunately for us will come as a direct result of the onboarding of revenues. During that down cycle we didn’t release any of our investment property producers. I don’t think any of them left. They’re also here working way real hard. They just didn’t make a lot of money during the downturn. Now, as the property markets pick up, the capacity that those (inaudible) have to onboard revenue is very, very significant, and I don’t think you’re going to see us doing much to add new personnel to add to those businesses around the world, we really don’t need them. And at this point, it’s really just a matter of riding the market backup and continue to take share where we can. Really unlike our other property business lines, this is the business that has some really terrific what I’d describe as niche competitors and in the states clearly, those are Eastdil Secured and Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, those are our two big competitors in the state, they are fantastic firms, this is all they do. That’s where the battles are, it’s those two firms and us and we like that battle. We’re holding our own, they’re holding their own, but I like our position and don’t expect us to be slipping backward any time soon.
Brett White: What I’ll do is I’m just going to go right back to the comments I made last quarter and just remind everybody what we said then. We believe there are lots of opportunities in the market place right now. Let me start, Sloan, by just reminding, you know this but don’t mind those callers who may have forgotten. Probably, the most important thing we did in the fourth-quarter was, refinancing of our balance sheet. That refinancing, which we believe was market setting. It substantially improved our covenants in terms of maturities and flexibility. We got the first non-investment grade revolver without a floor in this sector this year or last year. We had the first term B in any sector with any credit without a floor last year. And we have the first-ever (inaudible) expandable reusable accordion. The reason that so important and I know you appreciate this is it gave us enormous amount of capacity to make acquisitions and to take advantage of this marketplace. And as I said last quarter, those opportunities will come two ways. The first is there will simply be firm like in any year that has made a decision they’re trying to compete against the global multinationals. It’s just too hard a road to slog and they’ll look to a roll up of some sort, and we’ll be looking at those firms as we always do as good opportunities if priced right and if we think we can integrate them. But as I also mentioned last quarter, this market down cycle has brought to the market once in a life time opportunities that frankly I don’t know that we’ll ever see again. Those once in a life time opportunities come in a couple flavors; first and foremost is the investment management space and we talked about that last quarter. There have been a number of investment management platforms in the pension fund advisory business that have gone to market either through very public auctions or very quite one-off trades. That isn’t going to happen again likely in my life time. And so, we are keenly interested in watching those opportunities as they come through the marketplace, and we’re positioned and poised to go after any of them we think are good for our business and suitable for the business. We’ll also see those once in a life time opportunities come through, we believe, in some of the more traditional multi-service platforms in the commercial real estate service space. This downturn wreaked a lot of havoc and a lot of pain on some of the smaller firms. I think that it’s very clear to us that some of those firms as good as they are have just come to the conclusion that being a tweener in this industry is just not a good place to be. And some of those firms also are now, we’re finding interested in having discussions they’ve never been interested in having before. So, I think the right answer to your question is, this is a very, very unique time. We went through a lot of work in the last 18 months to get this company ready for coming out of this downturn so that we could make strategic acquisitions. Our balance sheet has never been healthier, in better shape, and more flexible than it is now. We’re aggressively looking throughout the marketplace for these once in a life time opportunities, I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to bring some of them to closure.
Brett White: Anthony, let me give you some data points to start with and then I’ll answer your more subjective question, if you don’t mind. I think this will be helpful. If you look at US leasing and I use office as a proxy for the market, I think that’s a fair proxy. Velocity are number of transactions was up 18% in the fourth-quarter over prior and 20% for the year. Lease term barely moved. It was up 2% for the fourth-quarter and 6% for the year. Square footage also barely moved. It was up 1% for the fourth-quarter and 4% for the year. Average commission per transaction, however, was up quite strong. It was up 11% for the quarter and 19% for the full-year, and of course those two numbers relate to the harder compare you’re going to get to later in 2010. Now, what all that tells us is you’re seeing a lot more transactions come to the marketplace at a higher price, which is, of course, indicative of a recovering marketplace. In the leasing business, both here in Europe, in Asia, we are the dominant player in that brokerage work out in the marketplace and because of that we do tend to accrete more share in a recovering marketplace we believe than do our competitors. I believe that the numbers are showing that’s indeed what happened in 2010 and what I’d expect to happen in 2011. For our business this is a very, very good time for our leasing professionals. For really 2.5 years, they’ve been working with companies as they went down into the bunker and stayed in the bunker and they’re now working with those same companies as their CFOs and Treasurers and CEOs become much more optimistic about their future are now working on what we’d consider to be much more traditional or normal business plans as it pertains to taking on new space. The price differential you saw here, average commission difference that you saw year-over-year is also indicative of the quality of space that tenants are now going after. Average rents didn’t go up as much as the numbers I gave you. What that means is that there’s less leasing occurring in the, what I would call, sublet or shadow space market and a lot more leasing incurring in high quality product, again, very indicative of a recovering market and that bodes very, very well for our leasing business. These are the transactions where our margins are quite strong. It’s transactions where our producers and our leasing businesses tend to do very, very well. So that business line perhaps as much as any other we have right now isn’t one we’re probably most excited about as we came out of 2010.
Brett White: It’s a much faster recovery than we expected, Anthony. And here is what I think we’re seeing we talked about this last quarter. If you look at the broad economic data, you would be very puzzled by these numbers, because as good as these numbers are, it really is hard to define any strength in the overall US or global economy. It’s really a very anemic recovery from that respect and certainly in terms of job growth. But what these numbers tell us and we talked about this last quarter as well, our clients, the folks who are occupying space on the marketplace, frankly at the moment, are not very interested in the current economic numbers and indicators. What they are doing is they are making decisions on their view of the mid-term and long-term right now. I would say across the board, if you were to pull the top 100 or 200 space occupiers in the States or in Europe, you would find that the vast majority of them, probably over 90% of them believe that the prospects for their business were strongly more positive looking forward than they’ve been. That’s what they are using to make their space decisions. And so, all that to say that the occupier market is a bit ahead of the economic recovery and that makes sense. They are taking the space they need to hire. They need to do that before they hire the bodies and our expectation is, by the way, from these numbers is the job growth is right around the corner. Certainly, what our clients were telling us is that they believe they will be expanding their businesses, they believe they will be hiring and therefore, they need more space.
Brett White: Unfortunately, and I wish they did, they don’t directly correlate. The revenue growth comes, of course, as we are either reimbursed for employees or we put on these accounts where we earn fees its management contract or incentive fees or project fees around the contract. We can on board a lot of square footage and in fact we did the last three years without a lot of incremental margin or profitability and that’s fairly typical for a difficult marketplace for these large corporate customers are not particularly active in the market. There’s no question there’s been fee pressures throughout that business the last three years on the downside of the economy, yet, fee pressure still exist, although my expectation is it will loosen up a bit in 2011 and 2012. But for us, the way we think about that business, Anthony, is the growth of that business starts with the onboarding of the contract and the onboarding of square footage. That gives us control of the business. Now, as the markets improve and as those customers become more active again, we now have them as a captive customer, and we will onboard those revenues as they become more active. So, we like the statistics, we like the fact that that business is growing in terms of number of clients and square footage managed, and we’re patient, but, of course, expecting for transaction fees and incentive fees and other fees to come through those contracts as the economy improves. The big outsourcing customers are probably the most conservative customers we have in terms of moving forward with an optimistic view. These are big, big companies who outsource for cost efficiency and they tend to be a bit more conservative around taking new space and expanding their capital budget, but they will. And I think what you will find and certainly what we expect is, the onboarding of square footage we’ve done in the last few years as the market continues to improve will pay big dividend.
Brett White: It’s a good question. Certainly, that has been big story in that market space through the downturn in the last year and half of recovery. I expect that it’s going to continue to be a big part of story. However, I think what’s going to happen here is the other segments of the capital markets will continue to come back to the marketplace. Multi-family won’t be the only story out there, and certainly right now it isn’t, we’re seeing increased activity, in fact quite increased activity across all product types now. So, as the markets recover and as we get back to a more normal operating environment for all product types, I think the GSE and the multi-family story will take their rightful place as an important story, but not the story. But certainly, I don’t see it as a declining business, I certainly see it as very good, very core business for us that will continue to be so.
Brett White: There’s a lot of ins and outs there, but I’d say, generally, it stayed flat. What we’re doing with our brokerage sales force is the same thing we’ve been doing fortunately for us for some time. We have a footprint in the states that is complete. We don’t have any gaps in the market. As you know, we have no gaps in the market. We’re the dominant player in virtually every city. So what we deal with is attrition, the retirement, and the way we deal with that is to on board new recruits primarily out of college, sometimes from competitors to backfill those folks that attrition out through primarily retirement, that’s generally a net zero. It goes up or down a couple percentage points, but it’s generally a net zero. I think we’ve talked about this before, Will, we believe by far the longest tenure of our sales folks in the industry. People don’t leave here when they get here. So, our issue is really are not needing to go out to the competitive marketplace and hire folks. We do that very, very selectively, but really more to bring in young people, get them trained up in our firm and then slowly inculcate into the market to replace those folks that are leaving for retirement. We have no initiatives of any real size to speak of right now to bulk up fee earners anywhere in world. Although, we do have initiatives to target specific professional at some specific competitors that we think would do better under our platform than they are under theirs and folks that we think could be additive to the mix, but those are very targeted. They will not move the needle on overall brokerage headcount.
Brett White: I just want to add something to that. The point we tried to make in the deck and it may not be entirely clear is, in addition to that there was this issue of over-performance in our bonus plans. I think, as you know, in the US the management bonuses are based on an EBITDA target number, so, beginning of the year, we set a budget. That budget number becomes an EBITDA target. Our management will pay the bonus based on if they miss or beat that target. Because of the way 2010 played out, it maxed out all the bonus plans. In fact, it was a highest percentage bonuses paid to many of our managers ever, at least it won’t happen probably for a long time. So that overage which I believe Gil characterized is $25 million is unlikely to be seen again in 2011 in those bonus plans, so you only have the impact of two things there. You had some reinstatement of cost, but you also have this once in a long time event where our managers actually received a very outsized bonus. God knows they deserved it. But the way our programs work, it’s highly, highly unlikely they would repeat that in the near-term.
Brett White: I’d never answer that question. There is no such thing as an easy comp, but I would say this that certainly some of those items that came through for the year in the quarter, some will be repeated, some won’t. But I think the main point here we would want our investors and analysts to take away from this is, first of all, we certainly understand the questions, because I think comp expenses we put through Q4 surprised you and that’s never appreciated by our investors and analysts. The point we’re trying to make, however, is first of all, that in the broad scheme of things it doesn’t really matter. I’d remind you and all of our callers that our margins, it really is an amazing thing, our margins through the down cycle and now through the recovery cycle were markedly better than any other major player in this industry. Our current margin is over almost 200 basis points higher than next largest competitor. This is the company that has a proven and unique ability to convert revenue to profit. And we’re going to continue to do that. And we are not going to onboard expense as a determent of our margins. In this case, we’re able to do something we felt was appropriate and actually morally correct for employees and still preserve a wide delta on our operating profitabilities from those we compete against and that is a main story.
Brett White: It’s a really good question. It’s something we think about quite a bit. Here’s the answer we would have or we do have today. First, keep in mind that the damage done to the capital markets from all the things that has happened in the last four years, not just the sovereign debt issues, but also really disappearance of the capital markets for a period of time and the problem with lenders. That damage to the financial system has not been repaired, not even remotely been repaired. And the activity you see in the capital markets is in spite of that. In other words, the fuel behind our capital markets business right now is not the robust return to commercial lending. In fact, there isn’t. Notwithstanding what all our great client banks tell us how actively they are lending, we don’t see it. The underwriting criteria being used by the banks today is severe and really beyond the reach of most traditional investors. So the activity we see in the marketplace today is being done around that problem rather than be done because those problems been fixed and I say all that because another shock to the financial system I don’t think would have a significant impact on the overall capital markets business. What’s fueling that investment property business, the capital markets business right now is a desire by capital to be invested in the asset class and the ability of capital to find new sources of lending to get those transactions done. It’s not being done because your firm or other great clients we have, have rushed back into the commercial property sector, in fact, that’s (technical difficulty) the opposite. So that gives some comfort that if we see a sovereign debt issue in Europe or we see a further deterioration in the US residential market they will not have as large an impact on that business as they typically would because that impact has already worked in to the system. So, as we think about our forecast going forward, we feel pretty good about them. I think the risks to the forecast really are around jobs and job growth. I think that, if in all 2011 we see no job growth, which is where installed the last 18 months, I think there is some risk to these forecasts. The market that we’re dealing with, the occupiers that we are dealing with anticipate job growth. And something that would shut that down would be a more real risk factor I think to the forecast than a shock to the financial system.
Gil Borok: Yes, sure, Brett. Hi, Sloan. I’m not going to comment specifically on where margin might come from revenue cost EBITDA margin because the guidance that we give is EPS guidance and you got to take it from there. What I will say just following on from what Brett said is, obviously, given the one time or the out of period add backs in the fourth-quarter to the extent you’re going to do work in that area. I would obviously concentrate on full year ‘10 margins and do your work off a bat.
Gil Borok: Hi, Bose. The tax rate for the fourth-quarter was 38% on a normalized basis, so, it’s quite complicated. When you look at our press release first of all if you just calculate the tax rate, it’s only on the continuing operations and on a GAAP basis in the Development business we had some discontinued operations that actually had a tax benefit. So if you’ll take my word, on a normalized basis, it was 38% in the fourth-quarter. We did have some foreign audit, small but they affected rates, small audit settlements in a couple of countries. We also had some true-ups with state taxes in the US. So that did impact the rate in the quarter a little bit, they were discrete to the quarter. I think mostly importantly is what do we think the tax rate will be next year, and I’m going to tell you, I think it’s going to be around 38%, 39%. If revenue shift to the US, which it may well do in 2011 a little bit then that would impact the tax rate by having it go up a little, so, I’m going to go with 38% to 39% on a normalized basis for ‘11.
Gil Borok: The net debt if you go to slide #17, it’s actually on the cap table. The net debt was down $460 million year-over-year. The gross debt close to $700 million, which what that tells you is we used cash to pay down debt, which is true, and you can also see that on the cap table, cash went down $235 million.
Gil Borok: That’s a different question. I think the question is cash flow from operations. It turns out and it’s probably pretty close. Yes, lot of our cash flow from operations went to pay down debt, and, of course, cash is fungible, so there were a lot of other reasons that cash was used or came in. But, yes, when all is said and done, that’s a pretty good proxy.
Gil Borok: In a normal course, yes, there will be some revolver borrowings in the first-quarter. If you would have looked at this time last year, we were in a net cash position. We were sitting on quite a bit of cash waiting to determine what we would do and what refinancings we would do, so you didn’t see that normal spike. But what I would tell you is given that we’ve used cash, domestic cash in particular, and we have to differentiate between foreign and domestic, domestic being more readily available vis-à-vis the credit line, then, yes, it makes sense and best use of cash will be to pay down debt as we’ve done, use the credit line to cover the seasonal working capital need and then pay it back down when the cash come in later in the year. So yes, there will be some borrowings on the revolver in the first-quarter to cover bonuses in the US
Gil Borok: The $30 million is inclusive of both, that was the bonus and 401(k) add back and it did translate into about $0.06 in the quarter, yes.
Gil Borok: Well, let me just clarify. When Brett quoted the $25 million, that’s over-performance for the year, the $30 million add-back is in the fourth-quarter, combination of reinstatement and over-performance.
Gil Borok: The best thing I would tell you to do is, if you look at the slide #13, which is Development Services that tells you what the pipeline is. That line item is by and large driven by that business. But to give you further specific commentary is difficult to do because, as you know, that business is dependent and that line item in particularly is dependent on sales activity, and it depends what type of sales we have. If we have a sale of a joint venture than the ‘gain’ which show up through equity earnings, if we have a consolidated sale of the consolidated property it shows through that line. So, to analyze that line is pretty tough. I think you’ve got to look at the development business as a whole and make some assumptions, each and all of our assumptions will be different as to what is a consolidated sale, what we’re predicting what it’s going to be versus equity earnings. So, I agree with you. It’s very tough and therefore I’m not able to put a prediction on what exactly would flow through that line. And again, I would refer you to the business in total.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Hello. A few questions here. I guess, first of all on the net debt position right now, it look like for the full year the reduction was in the neighborhood of $300 million, is that correct if you can confirm.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: A couple of other things. Brett, the $0.06 figure you gave in your prepared comments that was including that $30 million plus 401(k). Can you just, sorry to ask you to repeat that.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Got it. I’m sure it really has spread out all over. I mean when I look at the increased expense in the quarter, it really looks to be mostly in industry of another line in terms of certainly where I missed my number and I don’t know about anyone else. But I would assume that it’s in that line but you’re saying it is spread all over.
