Emma Giamartino: Absolutely. So I think what's important to note is when we're looking at the second half of the year, our baseline does assume that we enter into a recession in Q4, and we have somewhat of a slowdown in Q3. So our baseline for the next year is that we'll be in a mild recession. Inflation will start to moderate towards the second half of the year and interest rates will peak early next year and will rebound in the second half of 2023. So that's our baseline. Of course, there's upside from there. If we're wrong about what's going to play out in -- with the mild recession and the recession is not as significant as we're expecting, and then there's downside if the recession is more severe. But our guidance, as Bob and I both mentioned, is to high-teens core EPS growth for the full year. Without the impact of FX, that's in the low 20% EPS growth for the full year, which I think is a really positive outcome for our business. Across the three segments, what we're expecting is within Advisory, with the impact of sales and leasing, SOP should be down on a local currency basis in the mid-single digits. GWS, on a local currency basis for the second half of the year, will grow 25% and have a really strong second half. And then as we talked about with REI, we've monetized over 75% of our profits in the first half of the year. So we feel very confident about what's going to happen in the second half.
Emma Giamartino: So our capital deployment strategy is unchanged. We continue to seek to reach our target of a turn of leverage, and we'll go up to a turn of leverage when we see an opportunity to continue with our buybacks at an attractive price. We are always prioritizing M&A, but right now, what we're seeing is that there's still a large bid-ask spread in terms of valuations. So we're building our M&A pipeline, as I mentioned in my remarks. And over the next year, especially if a recession continues, we expect to see opportunity as an M&A arise. And so we're balancing what we see in M&A with buybacks. And what you can expect for the balance of this year is that we'll continue to aggressively deploy our capital towards buybacks as long as our price remains attractive. And in a base case, I think a safe assumption is that we will do another $0.5 billion of buybacks in the second half of the year, but it could easily exceed that.
Emma Giamartino: So those contracts are primarily in our enterprise FM business. We don't disclose what the margin is on those contracts just for competitive reasons. But I think it's safe to assume that those will come in, in the latter half of the year. Those -- a lot of those contracts have not yet been onboarded since they just closed in this quarter, so there will be a positive impact in the back half of the year. But I think you can use our guidance around SOP growth to help you with what the margins on that business will be.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. I can give you more color on that. So on the sales front, we're expecting -- and this is all in local currency, that we expect that in the second half to be down around 10%. And most of that decline, based on what we're seeing in our pipelines, we're expecting that to weigh -- the declines to weigh heavily in Q4. We have decent visibility into Q3, and so that should be flat to up. And then on the leasing side, we expect to decline but to a much lesser extent. So that should be in the low single-digit decline range in the second half of the year on a local currency basis, which I think is a big deal and very positive. And again, with leasing the same cadence we're expecting in Q3 and Q4. Based on our pipeline, Q3 should be flattish and Q4 is where you'll see the bulk of those declines.
Emma Giamartino: Jade, that's a very big priority for us, and it's a business that has performed incredibly well for us. This year, we're expecting our overall debt origination business to grow. And like you said, a large part of that is because of -- and grow in the back half of the year. And a large part of that is because of our exposure to the GSEs. So in the back half of the year, as we're expecting a recession and as property sales start to come down and private lending starts to pull back. We expect the GSEs will come back and accelerate and will benefit significantly from that. And so we are -- and as a part of -- it's not only our debt origination business, but also our loan servicing business. So building out that team, and we are very focused on continuing to grow that business. Because if you think about the parts of our business that we talked about as resilient, that's one of our businesses that can help drive growth and provide resiliency through the cycle.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Chandni, it's not so much pricing as it is more certainty around where the economy is going to head, and also debt rates, what's going on with inflation and debt rates sorting out, I don't think most of the people going to the sidelines is being driven by the fact that they think asset prices are too expensive. The bottom line is in the 2 asset classes that are most attractive and most -- being most actively traded, industrial and multifamily, fundamentals are very strong. Rental rates are going up and the values are there as long as there's some clarity around where the economy is headed and where interest rates are headed.
Robert Sulentic: Well, we baked into our thinking for the balance of this year and for next year and beyond, the notion that corporates are, in general, going to consolidate to a degree their use of office space. There's some good news and bad news for us in that. If there's less office space leased, we'll lease less office space ourselves on behalf of our clients, but we'll also do more project management work. The fact of the matter is though almost all corporates are going to take a significant amount of space. And there is a large backlog of renewals that need to be dealt with, and they are -- those renewals are going to get executed or they're going to move into new buildings. And so it's a factor of that huge volume of renewals coming even if the space they take is somewhat smaller than it was before that gives us confidence to talk about the numbers the way we did.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Steve, the cap rates have moved, as we noted, 50 to 100 basis points, but they haven't moved any more rapidly than rents have moved. Rents have moved up significantly for both. Again, I'm going to tilt my comments toward industrial and multifamily, rents have moved up mid teams in multifamily and mid- to upper single digits in industrial, and that's allowed us to deal with the movement in cap rates and allowed us to deal with the movement in costs and protect our profitability. As things go forward, one of the very, very positive circumstances about our development business is that it's very high quality, very well-located, build-to-core product that's financed patiently with great external capital partners and we can decide when to harvest those projects within any rational time frame, such that we can optimize across the -- where rents are, where cap rates are, etcetera. So as Emma said in her prepared remarks, those assets that we have, that $19 billion of in-process development, will harvest. And it will harvest at a time that's relatively opportune because of the flexibility we have and the way we've capitalized those assets.
Robert Sulentic: I think people need to see stability and they need to have some clarity about where things are headed in the future. There is a lot of capital queued up out there to buy those asset classes and there are a lot of well-leased, well-located assets that can be sold. So by the way, we're not the only one on the development side that has the model that I just described that builds very good build-to-core assets that are well capitalized in terms of being patient. Much different than in prior cycles. The industry has moved forward. The industry has matured, become more enlightened about how to capitalize its development. And so I think people are looking for certainty and where cap rates are going to be, where inflation is going to be that drives interest rates, et cetera. And that's when you will see some of the slowdown in sales that we've described turn the other direction.
Robert Sulentic: Jade, we look across our entire business, all 3 segments of our business, and we look across lines of business and the geographies within the segments. I will say that we tilt toward a few things. We definitely are looking for businesses that enhance our capability to serve our clients. We have increasingly large amounts of business with clients that ask us to do things around the world across lines of business, et cetera. And wherever we can fill in a capability that we don't have or that we think could be better, we target that area for M&A, because we know we have the clients there to do the work for. Secondly, we really are focused on this notion of driving our capital and our resources into areas of secular benefit, into areas that are resilient, and so we are looking for M&A opportunities that match up with that. We have a very definite plan in the various parts of our business. We have areas we prioritize. And if you looked at our M&A pipeline, it would be very evident. We also have this notion of certain aspects of what we're doing in that regard, understandably are confidential, and we wouldn't want to talk about what we're targeting specifically. But that's broadly how we think about it.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again in about 90 days.
