Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad and good to have you on board. Good morning, everyone. Results in the second quarter provide more evidence of the diversity and strength of our business. Adjusted EPS increased by 25%. Based on the robust results realized in the first half of the year, we are increasing full year guidance for adjusted EPS to a range of $2.53 to $2.63. Our regional services businesses continued to post strong results, led this quarter by broad-based strength in APAC and EMEA and double-digit growth from our global occupier outsourcing and capital market businesses. Further, our regional services businesses together achieved solid margin expansion with the help of strong cost control. As we reflect on this performance, a few key facts stand out. First, we are operating a well-balanced portfolio of market leading businesses. Second, the quality of our people and globally integrated capabilities, increasingly abled by technology and data, are strengthening our competitive advantages. And finally, our prudent financial management has allowed us to improve profitability, while making investments to further strengthen our position. We have spoken with you about our strategy for making CBRE a better enterprise, one that is capable of producing superior client outcomes. This strategy is working and our people are continuing to execute at a high level. Now, Jim will take you through our second-quarter results in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. Our people around the world turned in an outstanding performance with earnings per share growth of 25% in the quarter, well ahead of the 10% average for S&P 500 companies that have reported. As I noted earlier, we have increased our outlook for 2017 adjusted EPS to a range of $2.53 to $2.63. At the midpoint of this range, this implies adjusted EPS growth of 12% for the full year. Compared to our prior guidance given in February, we expect our leasing business to be slightly below and our capital markets business to be slightly above our initial expectations for the year. We expect fee revenue growth for our occupier outsourcing business to be 10% or slightly higher. We expect adjusted EBITDA contributions from our Development Services and Investment Management businesses together to be flat to slightly up in 2017 versus our prior expectation of flat to slightly down. Finally, full year margins are now likely to be at the high-end of the previously guided 17.5% to 18% range despite a continued shift in business mix. Our outlook for adjusted EBITDA in the second half of 2017 is little changed from our expectations at the beginning of the year. Our expected benefit from a lower tax rate will be somewhat offset by growth in depreciation and amortization for a net benefit of about $0.02. We expect positive earnings growth in the second half from our regional services businesses and our combined Investment Management and Development Services businesses. We entered the back half of 2017 with a stable global economy and solid fundamentals in most commercial real estate markets. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Tony, this is Bob. I think the big thing is large transactions in Manhattan. We had kind of an anomalistic circumstance in the second quarter, where we did less of them than we typically do less of them than we did a year ago. It made for a tough year-over-year compare and it will have some impact on our year. Our assumptions though for the year aren’t changing much, right? It’s a slight change downward. But that’s a really big market and those large transactions have a big impact. So, that’s really what you are seeing there.
Bob Sulentic: It’s about like we thought it was. We do benefit a lot from that outsourcing business. A big percentage of the leasing work we do comes from those clients. A lot of the brokers we hire come to us, because they like the ability to work with those clients, which they wouldn’t have otherwise. And so if you take that into account, that’s a constant part of our business, right. It was there last year, it will be there this year and it will be there in the second half of this year. The second quarter Manhattan transaction circumstance will impact the full year, but we expect the leasing market overall to be a little less positive than we thought it was before. Even though the economy is generally doing nicely, there is a couple of things going on. In general, corporations are being very careful about costs. We are doing it and so are the other big corporations around the U.S. and around the world. And secondly, in a few markets, there have been limited circumstances where leases would have otherwise gotten done, but there was inadequate big blocks of space to get them done and so that’s had a bit of an impact. But I would say it’s just a slight turn back from where we thought it was when we last reported.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Nick, the markets outside the U.S. grew more than the U.S. did in the quarter, but secondly, we took considerable market share in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific and that came through in our numbers in a big way. We have hired some very strong people, particularly in Asia and then we have got a great team in Europe that performed quite well in the second quarter. It has performed quite well for the last few quarters, obviously. And so I think you saw the combination of relatively strong markets and strong performance by our team relative to the market in those numbers.
Bob Sulentic: Well, yes, Josh, it is market share gains, and the headcount additions are part of those market share gains. The other thing that we’ve talked about several times, and it’s really important to know about our business, a lot of the numbers that you see in the headlines or – excuse me, a lot of our business is not captured in the numbers you see in the headlines. So we do considerable sales business with our occupier brokers, who represent for instance, a tenant that does an acquisition of a building rather than a lease. We do a lot of small asset class sales that don’t get captured in some of the public information RCA did and so forth, and we’ve done quite well in those businesses. So you’ve got in our numbers several things impacting our performance relative to the headline market numbers that you’ve seen out there. That’s been going on for a while. We expect it to continue to go on.
Bob Sulentic: We are – in general, the market is solid. Investors are very interested in commercial real estate around the world and there is a lot of capital. We are not expecting a material change in activity in the second half of the year. The first half of the year was okay. We expect the second half of the year to be okay and that’s kind of what our guidance suggests in our commentary on where we think the sales activity to be for the year.
Bob Sulentic: We are always seeing a lot of creativity in the marketplace and our folks are trying to support this kind of activity wherever it takes place. But I am not sure I would say there is a lot more this quarter, for example than last quarter, but there is plenty of creativity in the marketplace and people are looking for new ways to have a bit of an edge.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, sure. I would be happy to do that. So, to give you a few points, one, we have a listed infrastructure fund. We have a team that’s just finished a really strong 3-year track record, they are in the, I think, top decile, actually. So, we plan to start to build on that product. It’s a nice complement to have that on the private side as well as the public side and we think there will be synergies between the teams and the expertise. Also on the real asset side, it’s a nice product to be alongside of our real estate platform. And lastly, this group in particular is based out of Canada, has very strong relationships with the large institutions there and we see some synergies there as we bring capital – clients to their business and we can introduce other products to their clients. And then they just – they have a great team. It was a very strong cultural fit. So overall, that’s the strategic rationale.
Bob Sulentic: We are actively working with those clients that came on with the GWS acquisition from JCI on a full service basis. One of the things we are aggressively working with them on now is transactions and that is impacting our business in a positive way. We don’t have separate metrics that we publish for the transaction work we do for those clients.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we have had this cost containment program that we have had in place that ended sometime ago that we commented on, that’s impacted our margins this year and we are actively continuing to manage cost around the business. That’s helping us a lot. That came through in our numbers in all three regions. And while the formal program is over, we have got a real focus on cost management, because we think that’s what creates the opportunity for us to continue to invest in our strategy. So, that’s really what you are seeing come through there, David.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter.
Jim Groch: Yes. Hey, Tony, this is Jim. Like you said, the FX rates are a little hard to predict. I don’t – as it sits right now, we are not expecting much headwind if any in the second half of the year but we will see where things move from here. But as you also noted, that business, local currency is right on top of what we have projected and maybe even slightly better.
Jim Groch: Sure, Anthony. So as is always the case, that is mostly income from development. So $65 million of the $75 million is from our development business. And as you probably noticed, the development business, if you are looking at the GAAP reporting shows a loss and you are showing a big gain otherwise and that’s because of the comp expense you noted. The comp associated with that $65 million of gain is just shy of half of that total expense and that’s all – that comp expense is all in the business units. So the best way by far to look at this is just look at the normalized EBITDA that we report on the development business and that takes into account the gains that you are referencing as well as the associated comp expense.
Jim Groch: We will have some of that in the 10-Q. I don’t have the total number just in front of me. But as we noted, we have seen the market kind of start to return to more rational terms, which we view as very positive and we have had our activity pickup alongside of that. And it’s a little hard to predict even in the second half. We are generally not giving guidance on M&A dollars that we might project coming out, but we are definitely seeing more activity.
Jim Groch: Sure. So, we are continuing efforts to improve our tax efficiency. We have also had a couple of one-time benefits, but we have – we are estimating that our tax rate for the year will be about 29%. And these tax rates obviously can vary period to period, but we do believe that, that rate will be sustainable over time.
Jim Groch: The development business had a strong Q2, but actually year-to-date, it’s not quite – it’s almost flat with last year. So, that’s not the driver at all. I would say overall the business is performing really well. We have had margin expansion. But part of what you are seeing in that guidance for the year is that we are getting margin expansion despite even more of a business shift in mix to the contractual business than we started the year. So, it’s a bit maybe even stronger than it looks like on the surface. In fact, it will be at the high end, but that’s in spite of the fact that our business mix continues its year-over-year trend towards more traction.
Jim Groch: Look, like I said, it’s a little difficult to predict the tax rate quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year, but we do think that 29% guidance that we’re giving for this year is sustainable over time into the future. So we’ve had a bit of improvement in shift in mix of income, i.e., between regions that’s helping us, but also our tax planning and just being more efficient, in general, is helping us and we expect that to continue.
Jim Groch: Yes. In Q2, in the – obviously, our capital markets growth outside of the U.S. was unbelievably strong. But even in the U.S., we picked up market share in both the components that are measured by RCA, right? So we were roughly flat compared to RCA’s numbers of being – the Americas being down about 8%. So it was a significant gain in market share in that component that is measured, but we also believe we had a nice gain in the market share of the component that’s not measured. So on both sides, kind of across the board in our capital markets business, it was strong. The other piece I would mention is net sales, we’re not talking about the mortgage origination and mortgage servicing, which is the other component of our capital markets business and we have a very, very strong recurring business there in mortgage servicing, which has been largely built organically over the last several years, almost a decade, with roughly $165 billion, it’s up 16%, and that’s also providing strong support to the overall capital markets numbers.
Jim Groch: Yes. Now, that’s a good question. And obviously, they are different than a traditional infill acquisition. But first, I would say for each of these platform type investments, we are going in, looking for and have very high conviction that we are going to get real tangible value for our clients or our operations serving our clients on these investments. Second point I would make is that these acquisitions are relatively small as compared to kind of the size of the operational impact they can have in a platform like ours. And then lastly, just to be more specific to your question, we do tend down to write those on a cash flow IRR basis and we are pretty conservative on how we look at those investments. But if you take a high-quality SaaS platform that has a really good focused global product, but the kind of leverage we can get on that platform running it through our operations globally can be very significant as compared to relatively small purchase price.
Jim Groch: Yes. I would say, the piece that’s most difficult to predict around sales is volumes and it’s particularly hard to predict year-to-year and even quarter-to-quarter. But I think one part that we and the market sometimes miss around volumes in that business is that there is a, we believe, a structural trend over time increasing the volumes of sales in the business and that’s being driven in large part by the fact that the owners who trade real estate are becoming a larger portion of the market. So closed end funds, open end funds, even REITs will do portfolio optimization, turn over 5% to 10% of their portfolio. That body of investors owns well more than twice the percentage of the market that they owned 10 years ago and the rest of the market largely doesn’t trade that much, large families, government, institutions, various types of institutions. So, as we look out over some period of years, we see the opportunity for the volumes to potentially go up quite a bit. But predicting what the volumes will be next year is a little hard. But I think it’s important to understand kind of some of the underlying structural elements that are beginning to hit the business.
Jim Groch: On the MSR gains, I can give you just a little bit of data on that. So that was actually a slight headwind for the quarter. Gains were up roughly $2 million, but they were more than offset by about $7 million of amortization in the quarter. So, that’s $5 million to the negative. We haven’t given information on mortgage services as an overall percentage, but I think we will be looking at trying to provide more transparency on that going forward.
