BobSulentic: Jason, this is Bob. We have not seen a big impact outside of China so far this year, but we're like everybody else we're watching this very closely. We're concerned as it spreads and if it becomes a bigger issue in the economy in general then of course it will impact our business, but we don't have a point of view about this that's different than what you're reading in the papers by others.
BobSulentic: Yes. Mike, this is Bob. We continue to see real strength in leasing from technology companies. And we see real strength from distribution oriented companies in e-commerce. So those are the most notable areas of strength in our leasing business.
BobSulentic: Yes. Jade, we did a survey of our big leasing clients in January and talked and sought information on a number of topics most notably what markets they were interested in leasing in, in 2020 and the top markets were New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago. So we are not seeing weakness and sentiment from our leasing clients in those markets at this time.
BobSulentic: Well, it's important to note that we believe there's lots of headroom for growth along all our business lines. So that you wouldn't -- let me say differently, we wouldn't be surprised and you shouldn't be surprised to see us do acquisitions in any part of our business. We have a very active program. Our leaders around the world and across our lines of business are always looking for acquisition opportunities that will improve our ability to deliver to our clients and of course when we do those acquisitions they help us with scale. We don't start with scale as the parameter we're after. And every once in a while we'll do one of these transformational acquisitions, if we find the right thing. So our strategy around M&A has not changed and we think our opportunity to potentially grow any part of our business remains intact as it relates to M&A.
LeahStearns: Sure, Jason. This is Leah. In terms of US capital markets we saw a broad-based activity really across almost every sector, office, industrial were very strong. So overall I would say quite a good quarter and probably the only area of weakness was retail.
LeahStearns: We saw that 3% last quarter. So I'd say there's probably about two more quarters left in terms of that headwind for leasing.
LeahStearns: Sure, Anthony. With respect to the day-to-day impact it, it really is more of a supply issue. I would say demand continues to be there. We have people who are very active. They are work remotely. It's really about being able to get out and perform for example diligence on properties. If we have sales and the transaction pipeline things like that. It's not that we're seeing that demand go away. It's just -- there's a bit of pause with respect to people actually being able to do physical activities on the ground. But we continue to see a very strong overall environment in terms of asset allocations continuing to flow into real estate particularly given their strong position on a relative basis to broader equities and other asset classes. So we still feel very good about the overall real estate market and the demand drivers there.
LeahStearns: I think you're right. I think this is -- we likely won't see it in Q1. It will be more of a Q2 event and we have reflected some of that expectation in our international growth within the advisory segment. But we don't guide to quarterly numbers. So other than just letting you know that we do expect this year to be more back end loaded. I think that's probably the extent to which we can give you color.
LeahStearns: So we saw the fourth quarter strength really coming in, I guess, a handful of key markets really our largest markets in Continental Europe, as well as the UK. I think in the fourth quarter we certainly saw a bit of resumption of activity after the UK exited the EU. I think that was just an overhang on the market. And we certainly saw activity pick up in a very healthy way. I do think we took share in terms of overall capital markets activity in the UK, as well as across Europe. And we just had really strong results primarily in France, Germany and Spain. So just a really nice quarter from our team from a capital markets perspective there.
LeahStearns: No. Actually there -- there's a slight difference just in terms of GAAP versus cash with respect to how you would see those numbers come through given it as a development business. We actually on a cash basis think it was more of a 10 times deal. It's just with respect to the timing of the divestitures for the development pipeline.
LeahStearns: Sure. Yes. I would go back to there continue to be very strong fundamentals around real estate as an asset class that continues to be very attractive on a relative basis. And so while there are drivers that influence us as a result of overall GDP activity, I would just point to the fact that on a relative basis real estate is quite an attractive asset class for investors. And we aren't seeing that demand go away. I think that's probably --
LeahStearns: Yes. I think they, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we had expected there to be a pullback from the GSEs in the second half of 2019 and that was really a result of the reform around the caps that were put in place. And since then we've seen a normalization of activity around that part of our business. And in fact, very strong amount of demand coming out of the GSEs.
LeahStearns: Sure. And in some of those situations where we don't participate. Those are RFPs that may not be related to existing contracts that we are currently managing. So it really is about bringing a continuous amount of discipline to our sales pipeline and process. It really again goes back to given the fact that we have the most globally integrated platform across commercial real estate services. We are in a position to be able to bring a wealth of suite, really a comprehensive suite of solutions for our clients. And as a result I know we believe we can provide better service and a higher quality experience for them from a facilities management perspective. And so we're just being very cognizant of that and making sure that as we do pursue new accounts that we are very disciplined in terms of making sure that we aren't overextending where we don't need to.
LeahStearns: Sure. In terms of Hana overall we are expecting that to be a further drag on 2020 numbers. However, we do have the expectation of a ramp up of activity in the second half of the year that will vary depending on the ultimate type of transactions that come through the pipeline whether it's a lease management agreement or a partnership. Let's say all in terms of revenue we expect there to be around $30 million of revenue from Hana in 2020 and again that will ramp into the second half of the year. There really isn't much of that in the first half. 
LeahStearns: Well, again I think it's important to remember that a significant portion of our business is indicated through a very strong pipeline. And as I said in the beginning demand from our clients both on the outsourcing, as well as the transactional side of our business continues to be very strong. We are not seeing today any material pull back as it relates to the broader sentiment from our client base as a result of coronavirus. Now we are being cautiously optimistic that that will continue, but we certainly will provide an update on our next earnings call with respect to that.
LeahStearns: So in terms of China, China's only about 50 basis points of our EBITDA in 2020. So again a very small amount of our current expected activity for the year. And Japan is only around 1% and 1.5%. So relative to our overall business those are very small components.
LeahStearns: Not material. As I said demand continues to be there. We really see this as more of an issue around execution if there are necessary kinds of in-person diligence activities that need to happen. But again with technology we think that we can leverage that to continue to move transactions through the pipeline. We don't think it will come to a standstill. 
LeahStearns: Not to date. So we continue to watch that Italy again is less than are about 60 basis points of our total EBITDA for the year. So we have a very again very diversified global presence and so again we have large multinationals as our client base. We are in over a 100 countries around the world and so while the majority of that continues to reside in the US and we are growing or contracted revenue base, we do have some pockets of our business that are in areas that have initially been hotspots of concern as it relates to the coronavirus. But we are not seeing that flow through to our pipeline as a negative impact.
LeahStearns: Sure. We completed a restructuring of some of our international financing entities that resulted in our ability to recognize that benefit as it relates to our tax rate in 2019. We expect that to provide some additional benefit in 2020 and 2021 and that will flow through from a cash perspective over the next say 18 to 24 months.
LeahStearns: I think it's going to be about the same from 2019; it is slightly down from that. Yes, on adjusted basis. 
LeahStearns: So we did identify a material weakness in our GWS EMEA business which is about 5% of our overall consolidated EBITDA. What's important to notice that there was no material misstatement in our financials management identified the issue and has identified the cause is just the rapid growth that that business has experienced and we need to put in stronger controls and reinforce the support for that part of our business that it's just become much broader and complex than it was 18 to 24 months ago. That is an isolated issue something that we have a unique system in place there that will work on upgrading. And so those remediations are already underway. And we feel very good about being able to get that behind us.
LeahStearns: I wouldn't say that and certainly our leverage is in a very positive, relatively strong position for the business. And we continue to look at allocating capital just as we did last year, we spent nearly a $1 billion. We invested in our existing business. We invested in M&A and we also sought to buy back some shares from the market principally to offset the dilution from stock comp. So we'll continue to look at following that same capital allocation plan. We believe we're very well positioned if we see opportunities in the market both in terms of investing in M&A, as well as any potential dislocation in terms of evaluation from our shares that we could step in and play a meaningful role on both sides, just to continue to enhance our ability to grow earnings per share on it go for basis.
LeahStearns: Yes. I mean that's really a top focus of our teams within the GWS segment. If you want to look at a peer comp on a gross margin basis that's another way that you can look at it. And I think on a relative basis we continue to see improvements on a gross margin, gross EBITDA margin basis as well. So, yes, we believe will continue to drive that margin improvement and that is a top focus for that group this year. End of Q&A
JadeRahmani: Okay. Turning to leasing. I wanted to ask if there are any markets where you're seeing any changes in behavior from VC funded companies that are facing pressure for increased discipline around capital spending? I've heard anecdotally some cases of sublease space increasing in New York and San Francisco. So wanted his check in on that.
JadeRahmani: Okay. I wanted to touch on the GAAP tax rate, if you could give any additional clarity around what drove that? There's some disclosure in the press release but I want to see if you could provide additional color.
JadeRahmani: Should we be thinking about a lower tax rate from an adjusted earnings perspective for 2020, we're at modeling about 23%.
JadeRahmani: And I wanted to also ask about the material weakness disclosure in EMEA. Just not sure what caused that and what the impact was, if you could provide any clarity.
JadeRahmani: Okay and lastly, I just wanted to ask about the M&A outlook and specifically if there are business lines that you believe CBRE would benefit from increased scale? I would imagine that leasing capital markets and property management are already functioning at full scale. So those business lines wouldn't necessarily benefit from economies of scale perspective.
