Brett White: Thank you, Gil. And please turn to Slide 19. We are very pleased with our overall year-to-date performance. Our industry has benefited from a sharp recovery thus far in 2010, which frankly, we did not anticipate at the beginning of the year. This type of recovery is not unusual for our industry, as it initially comes out of a significant down cycle, and it is normally followed by periods of more moderate growth, as the continuing recovery is fueled by improving commercial real estate fundamentals. We are encouraged to see the investment sales market become more active, to see the lending improve and become more competitive, to see tenants enter into typical or even opportunistic leases and to see outsourcing clients think longer term, as they look to restore their businesses to order. We believe that revenue growth in sales and leasing should continue, but are of course mindful of that year-over-year comparisons will get tougher here in the fourth quarter. We also believe that the number of new contracts recently signed in our outsourcing business is an indicator of continued solid growth in that business. We believe that the addition of new clients and expansion of services with existing clients it is by the return to more normal activity volumes will drive a low double-digit growth rate in outsourcing overtime. As already mentioned in the third quarter we restored salary, commission, and other reductions implemented during the industry downturn. Despite doing so, we continue to generate year-over-year growth in our normalized EBITDA margins achieving close to 14% for the third quarter of 2010. Give given these trends and the fact that we are almost 10 months through 2010, we are now revising our full year earnings estimates to between $0.65 and $0.70 per diluted share. And with that operator, we will now take questions.
Brett White: Well, I think, we are in a terrific position right now, Sloan which is we can do both. We believe we have more than enough capacity to pursue any acquisitions that may come our way for the next few quarters, few years. And we had the ability to do some pretty terrific things with out balance sheet and are continuing as you know to do some work there, but almost done. I think we will end up by the way with a remarkably clean and strong balance sheet and terrific capacity to pursue opportunities that come our way.
Brett White: Well, the comp is tougher, well, and we are getting into what I think is going to be more normalized environment for the firm. We have had some terrific quarters as we entered the recovery phase against some incredibly soft comps. And we are now getting into whether it's fourth quarter or first quarter of next year. We are getting into a period of time of the comps are going to get tougher. Guidance range, we have put out there, is something we are comfortable with. We have a history with guidance that probably speaks for itself. We of course worry as concern not giving guidance but we think its important to try and we are comfortable where we came out.
Brett White: We, at least to date, we have never had a situation with a services firm acquisition. We weren't competing against anybody. We obviously would prefer not to. We generally tell firms out there that if they're interested in talking to us, it needs to be exclusive. We will not participant in an auction in the services business and to date we haven't some percent we won't. But the firms that the opportunities that we see out there in the services space, we believe we are in. We are in a position where if they decide to do something they will come to us first and try and make a deal and if they can't they will move on. I don't know if that's absolutely the case but that's our intent. That's the way it has worked so far. Outside of the services space, it is a different world, and outside of the services space, you see auction as the preferred route. So, what would be outside of the services space would be things such as real estate investment management, these sorts of things. So, there's a lot out there to look at. There's plenty of growth available through infield M&A for everybody. And you know, my suspicion is that there isn't going to be a lot of competition for this infield firms. At this point in our industry, I really believe that for all intents and purposes, you've got two firms out there who are driving this business and who will probably make the bulk of the infield and strategic acquisitions which we are one. We like that dynamic. Our competitors are terrific competitors and fortunately for us and maybe for them we really haven't competed much on M&A.
Brett White: Yes generally. So, first of all the market space for leasing globally has improved demonstrably over the past 12 months and I think that improvement, most benefits that the dominant firms in business. So, I believe that when all of the numbers are counter up at the end of the third quarter what you will find is that for those firms that have a major presence in leasing around the world that they all did fairly well. We note that our leasing business seems to be improving in all geographies, share. I would give you the same comment, that we have talked about the last year and a half, which is I believe that share generally is accreting to a couple of firms and diminishing among most others. And I think that trend which is been expand in the industry for quite some time will continue for quite some time. And we like that trend. In terms of kind of what’s going on within the leasing numbers, we noted that there's a marked increase in the number of transactions that are occurring. So, I would look at that as some of that as pull forward and some of that is companies who have discretion on moving, now taking opportunity to take advantage of relative to low ramp market. We are seeing, we are definitely seeing some of that. That be might answer your question.
Brett White: That's a good question. I think the risk to the numbers is GDP and job growth. I think that you know, I understand your point quite clearly and you are on a very important, a very valid point which is how much of this improvement of leasing was pent-up demand and how much of this is structural improvement based on market dynamics, I think it is little bit of both. If we are sitting here a year from now and there has been no material job growth globally, and economic activity is generally flat, these comps are going to get harder, materially harder. However, that is not our view. And if job growth continues to improve, even incrementally, that's okay as long as economic activity continues to improve and again even incrementally. That's okay, then the leasing numbers should continue to improve along with them. Remember that our forecast, that rental rates have likely bottomed and every major world market. And rental rates will now begin improving depending on which market and which product type you are looking at. Some time right now or over the next six to nine months, our improvement in leasing revenues reflects rental decreases. So, when you get even rent stability or rent increase that's a huge supporter to our leasing revenues. So, there's a lot of factors you have to think about in this, the way I think about it is, we are going to be enjoying increasing rents, generally over the next few years. We are going to be enjoying improved economic activity over the next few years and improving job growth and all of that should support quite descent growth in leasing revenues globally.
Brett White: I can't but maybe Gil can. I will answer it this way. And I think I always answer it this way, which is you are on the right point in terms of incremental margins, the on fixed costs, obviously being higher than the first dollars of revenue in that business. And sale and lease frankly aren't that different. What I would say to you is that those businesses on average including those incremental dollars that you are referring to will give us a margin somewhere in the 16% to 19%, 20% range depending on where we are in the cycle.
Brett White: Overall, for those service lines. So that takes the first dollars of sales and the last dollars of sales.
Brett White: And this is Brett. Just to that point, I think it is, you know, it is true, I think our reporting on this is less than perfect. It is very difficult to aggregate exactly right. The revenues that flow from these global clients and we think that tracking it by activity is a better deputation for the market than by client types. So, in other words, in that outsourcing space has Gil mentioned what had stripped out of there is virtually all of the transaction revenues which are frankly a big piece of as you would imagine of those accounts, frankly the highest margins piece of those accounts, those we put over by activity under lease and sales or evaluation et cetera. So that as Gil said that can I think distort the view of that business a little. But I would say generally speaking I would say we are quite pleased with the trajectory of our outsourcing business. It is growing very well right now. And we also are quite pleased with the perspective or the attitudes of our major global clients which is resoundingly positive. These folks and we listen in very carefully because they tell us in a very clear way what we should expect from the market in the coming years and what they're telling us is that they're much less concerned about economic activity or job growth this quarter or next quarter or for that matter even this year. There are lot more focus on what they think the prospects or business are for the next three, four, five years. And I would say that there's a very high percentage of our major global clients have a positive outlook over that mid and long-term. And it is that positive outlook that is driving their decisions to around a real estate. And that's what is driving frankly a lot of our revenue growth in leasing, sales and in the outsourcing space. I am sorry for the long answer but it is a complicated question.
Brett White: Brandon, just on that point, I want to underscore what Gil is saying. We are paying very close attention to the top line and letting that dictate for us what flows through OpEx, where we make discretionary investments around OpEx in the business, mindful of margins. And as Gil said, we are watching all of this very carefully. We like the trends that we are seeing, we like them very much the trends we are seeing in the market at the moment. And in the business, and that's giving us some flexibility to make some forward investments. But we watched that literally daily, and we have an ability which I think we have proven to you both to the down cycle and up cycle to keep a very, very good hand on the tiller as it comes to OpEx. We will continue to do that.
Brett White: Well, regardless of cycles, and regardless of where we are, up market or down market, we keep rigid control over expenses. And the way that works is our local markets and our business lines produce budgets. As you would expect and hope for. They're doing that right now for next year. And those budgets get worked over quite hard by us and there is a process where these budgets move back and forth between corporate and the field. That may happen, two, three, four times over the next few months, but we will end up with a budget for every single office we have around the world, every business client, and we demand strict adherence to those budgets. So, the flexibility that the business has around expenses, they exert during the budget process, but once that budget process is done, there really isn't any flexibility they have to increase spending. Now, in a year like this year, where we saw revenue growth frankly much stronger than we expected, we went back out to them and provided some flexibility around some initiative that we had tabled, that they had wanted to do this year and we do that a lot. We will get this year 20, 30 different growth initiatives from around the business around the business, around the world. We may approve a third of those, maybe half of those and we will table two-thirds or a half and we will then take a peak at the business in the first quarter, at the end of the second quarter, and if the business warrants further investment we will make it. But the way in which you pick margins up and the way which you position a firm to come through a downturn like we did is I believe is, you must keep very, very strong, very rigid controls over spending and in a market like we are in now it feels quite good. There's an enormous temptation to loosen up those reigns and that isn't going to happen.
Brett White: So, two questions, first on pipeline and second geography, the first question is, you know, it is, a lot of interesting things came from the last three or four years. One of them for me was watching how quickly our commercial development company was able to reduce expense structurally. That business reduced more expense as a percent of total than any business we have in the world. We did it more quickly than any business we had in the world. They maintained positive EBITDA profitability throughout the down cycle. Imagine that, a commercial development from throughout the down cycle and in fact they have been a material contributor to our EBITDA this year, all of the things I just told you, were lessons for me, and we are very surprising and very impressive actually in that business. It is a very, very well managed business. That business is superbly positioned at the moment to take advantage of an improving market. That business is very much a problematic business in the sense that it isn't a commercial development company that goes out and tie the plan and looks for lender and build to speck building and hopes for leasing to occur rather it is a very sophisticated business. It looks lot more like a fund management business there. They have institutional partners they have programs that they run with those partners, we have virtually nothing at risk. Into those programs other than a very small co-investment. It is a business also that is focused a lot of energy on development work that doesn't have any risk. So, this is build to suite work for large customers it is also Government work, it is educational related. So, housing at colleges or health centers this sort of thing. These folks have found really a terrific way to build a successful development firm that is sustainable in up markets and down and I think that they would tell you that their opportunities going forward looked quite good. In terms of expanding outside United States, they spent quite a bit of time and energy exploring those opportunities at the peak of the last cycle and even then they determine that probably wasn't right for us. That the risks to the business outside the states were just too high to warrant the investment. And I think that's smart. It is like the rest of our business, we go some pains to tell all of you folks about, that there are a lot of places we think we could invest money and make money. We managed 2.5 billion square feet of commercial buildings around the world. There's probably a lot of services done on those buildings, we can do janitorial, we can do elevators, we can do window cleaning, a lot of things we can do but we don't do them. Either because we think the risks are too high or there's business we don't understand. I think in development, what they are concluded is the opportunities are ripe enough in markets that they have been in for 30 or 40 years that they can achieve their growth targets without putting the business at risk. Frankly I like that.
Brett White: It is a great question, and I would answer it this way. The market for the past year globally in the Capital Markets has been almost exclusively focus on core class A properties, which isn't all that surprising given the pain that fund managers and limited partners went through the past three years. What is clearly occurred is that while a lot of money has been raised for investment in commercial real estate, the current exceptional interest rate environment allows investors to find acceptable yield in the least risky investment, which are core assets, therefore the bulk of the buy sell activity is occurring in that segment of the marketplace. The distressed market and we have talked about this on earlier calls. While we have a terrific restructuring business and we are working for the FDIC and excited about the business in there, that's not really the distressed market that people think about. The distressed market people think about is $1.4 trillion of commercial mortgages that have a higher face value than the properties they're on. And distressed market people are interested in these is that group of assets, and it seems clear at the moment, that there isn't going to be a titanic flushing of those assets through the market like we saw in the early 1990s we have seen it. Rather the Government and things around the world are dealing with this issue be it Ireland, with their loan purchase program or the United States with the accounting rule that is been put through, the incentive to bank is to work out these issues or to hold them. And so that has been the rule of the day. And as long as that stays the rule of the day, you're not going to see a big distressed opportunity, but you will see recovery and expansion phase much sure. You will see invested capitol migrate away or it migrates into not away from but into higher risk opportunities and that will happen when limited partners are accepting higher risk in the asset class. It will happen when folks determine they can't place their money in court, there's not enough to go around. It will happen when interest rates move up a bit and they are between those rates and yields require folks to take a bit more risk. But at the moment, the activity is, is almost entirely focused right now on these core assets. That's true globally. It is true in Hong Kong, it is true in States, true in London. And this will be I think slow migration into higher risk, higher yield properties overtime.
Gil Borok: Thanks, Brett. Hi, Sloan. What I would say is just following along and consistent with what Brett said, I would say that I wouldn't expect the OpEx as a percent of revenue to go up significantly more than in any of the quarter, it does ramp the little bit because of seasonality but I wouldn't expect a big jump. I would also caution that as you know we did start adding back some cost that we cut during the downturn mid year and we saw a bit of that impact in Q3, not too much and there will be a little more backend loaded in Q4. So that aspect as well to consider.
Gil Borok: At the lower end. I believe, it is a long way, as we look at the market today, there are, to your earlier question, there are a number of opportunities in the market today that we find interesting, and we believe that putting capital to work on M&A is a great place to put it. We believe putting capital to work in co-investments in our principle business is a great place to put it. Share repurchase is always an attractive alternative particularly at the early stages of a recovery cycle. It is something we are thinking about all of the time. We will, as we prepare our budgets for 2011, it will certainly be one of the consideration that we spend some time on.
Gil Borok: Will, it is Gil. You know, we don't normally comment specifically on specific lines of business. But let just say that the guidance that we gave we consider all of those.
Gil Borok: I think there isn't a direct comparison between our revenues and square feet and management I wish that there was. With the square feet under management includes transactions in our sort of those global accounts. So, when we talk about square foot under management, it includes accounts where we maybe have contractual transaction management arrangements as well as facility management, management for land lords and project management. When we talk about the fees in that revenue pie chart in the earnings deck, it excludes transaction management because those revenues are included in sale and lease. And so that accounts for one difference. The other is just there's, as I have listed there's a large mix of four specific mixes of businesses within that square footage, and so you can have varying dynamics, but the biggest driver is going to be square footage under management where the revenues portion are not in that property management and facilities revenue number.
Gil Borok: Brandon, I want to be a little careful about what I say because some of that is of course discretionary. So you will respect that please, but I want to just stick with what we have said, which is, you know, 20% to 25% of the $600 million could come back on a run rate basis almost by design and about had that number comes back in 2010, there could be a little bit more but it will depend on performance, which fits into sort of the commentary we have made, our outlook.
