Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Our strong performance in 2014 continued in the second quarter. We again turned in double-digit growth in global revenue even without our acquisition of Norland Managed Services and a 16% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Overall results were in-line with anticipated trajectory for a business and reflect our success in driving meaningful growth while continuing to make investments that support our professional enhanced client service and will sustain our long-term performance. Before Jim takes you to the quarter in detail, I’ll cover some highlights starting with our global region. EMEA once again produced outstanding results. We continue to benefit from an improved macro environment region and Norland’s first rate building technical engineering capabilities, which are now part of our integrated suite of occupier outsourcing services. While Norland was a major contributor during the quarter, we also produced solid organic growth from our existing businesses. The Americas, our largest business segment showed strong growth. Property leasing and occupier outsourcing were key catalyst. In leasing, we registered our strongest revenue growth in three years driven by market share gains. Asia-Pacific faced dual challenges of a sluggish macro environment and continued currency weakness. However, revenue rose 9% in local currency paced by Australia. We augmented our Asia-Pacific business at the end of the second quarter by acquiring our long-time affiliate in Thailand and established well-run domestic business. We continue to see strategic well-structured M&A as an effective use of capital and have announced six acquisitions thus far in 2014 including three in the past two weeks. Now, I’ll turn to our global business line highlights on Slide 5. As mentioned, particularly notable was property leasing, which generated double-digit growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. This increase was driven mainly by the U.S. while we’re reaping the benefit of improved occupier sentiment and continued focus on market share gains. Asia-Pacific grew solidly in local currency. Occupier outsourcing which we called Global Corporate Services or GCS had an exceptional quarter. Globally, revenue rose 58% with the big boost from Norland. However, even without Norland this was our fastest growing business line with organic revenue up 17%. We continue to benefit significantly from the high quality depth in scale of the global integrated solutions that we deliver for larger occupiers. We also saw improved results in global investment management and the strong track record of our investment program drew significant new capital and generated higher performance base fees during the quarter. Property sales grew significantly in Europe but only increased modestly in the Americas as compared with robust revenue growth we delivered in the second quarter of 2014. Capital targeting U.S. real estate remains strong liquidity as plentiful and we believe our pipelines for the balance of the year are solid. Commercial mortgage service revenue fell due to lower activity as expected with the government-sponsored enterprises. Overall and importantly, contractual revenue sources continue to rise accounting for 53% of total revenue during the period up from 47% in the second quarter of 2013 mostly reflecting the Norland contributions. Our long-running revenue makeshift toward more stable recurring revenue sources was a major factor in the credit rating upgrade we received during the quarter. We’re pleased with our performance in the first half of the year with growth of 24% in revenue and 30% in adjusted earnings per share. In the Americas, revenue increased 11% and EBITDA improved 9% for the first half despite the drag from lower GSE originations. Had GSE activity been flat versus last year’s first half, America’s EBITDA would have increased 14% for the first half of 2014 reflecting positive underlying operating leverage in the business. Overall, our results reflect the ability of our people to deliver premier globally integrated services that create superior value and are increasingly required by clients. This is an enduring strength that provides a competitive advantage to CBRE. Now, Jim will review the quarter in more depth.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. Please turn to Slide 13. At the midpoint of the year, we’re pleased with the way 2014 is unfolding. While the macro environment is mixed globally, we are encouraged by signs of improved conditions in the U.S. and Europe. As important, our people on with the industry’s premier service offering and our increasingly strong platform are creating significant value for clients. Our balance sheet is strong and we recently achieved that in investment grade rating on our secured debt for the first time. First half property sales growth of 14% is in line with our expectations for a double-digit revenue increase for the full year. Property leasing growth of 12% in the first half is pacing ahead of our expectations of mid- to high-digit growth for the year fueled by share gains and an improving market. We expect global corporate services to continue its strong growth following the first half during which revenue was up 59% or 15% without Norland. We now expect GSE origination activity could be down modestly rather than flat for the full year. We also expect revenue in earnings, evaluation and appraisal services in the U.S. to be down for 2014. Our principal businesses, investment management and development services remain on track with some upside versus our initial expectations. In light of our performance in the first half with adjusted EPS up 30% and our active pipeline, we now expect full-year earnings per share as adjusted to be in the $60 to $65 range, an increase of $0.05 per share from our initial guidance. This upside is driven largely by transactional activity, which we anticipate entirely in the fourth quarter. We believe this ranges in aggressive but achievable result for 2014. At the same time, we want to emphasize that we faced much more challenging earnings comparisons in the second half due to the nearly $90 million of EBITDA from carried interest we generated in last year second half. Further, the macro environment continues to present challenges underscored by heightened geopolitical tensions. In closing, we remain positive about our outlook and the advantages afforded by our people globally integrated services offering and strong cash flow in balance sheet. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. What we mean to say there is that we think there is some upside combined in our principal businesses investment management and development and that’s transactionally driven. That will be from the sale of assets and potentially in our brokerage businesses, our investment properties business and our leasing business. So it’s various types of transactions.
Bob Sulentic: We wouldn’t. We’ve said that we expect growth in America’s leasing, for instance, which is our biggest leasing market by far to be in the 5% to 10% range. We really have modified our due on that. As it relates to our… That could go up with the economy got better, but based on what we’re saying in the economy now what’s being forecasted we think that’s a reasonable rate. As jobs are getting added, companies are also becoming more efficient in their use of space somewhat and so forth. We think we can continue to gain market share for a while. When you look at our business, there is none of our product lines including leasing that we have crossed the board [ph] more than about 10% mortgage share. Leasing in particular is a product line that’s moving in an account based direction sometimes just leasing accounts, so we will do all the leasing for a particular company across the United States or potentially beyond the United States. It may be integrated with GSE accounts, so as that part of the business moves in an account based direction we are advantaged. We’ve added a good number of producers over the last couple of years as we talked about that creates an opportunity for us to gain market share and we’ve done some work to get gain deeper knowledge in the local markets and with some markets we have good market share and then with some markets we have lesser market share and so we’re targeting those markets for the additional brokers and so forth.
Bob Sulentic: Well. If you look over the last 18 months, we have been on average closing a transaction about one transaction a month. We closed 11 deals last year and 6 closed in the first six months of this year. So with this period we’ve obviously increased the volume from prior periods, but let’s say, continues to run pretty steady. We may have a low for a couple of months as we’ve just had a crunch of deals coming through at close, but the pipeline continues to look pretty good.  Thank you.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, Brad. First of all, we had a really tough year-over-year comparing in terms of growth with the growth we had in the second quarter in 2013. We had a big quarter in Q1 as you know, which can suggest that some activity that could have closed in either the first or second quarter closed in the first quarter and frankly we didn’t have a lot of activity in the second quarter. It wasn’t a real active quarter for us at all as evidence by the numbers we turned in. We think that was just kind of a circumstance attributable to the lumpiness of the business a lot like we saw in the first quarter when we had the 30+% growth in the America. So we still based on everything our research people are telling us and our economists are telling us what we’re tracking in the market the backlogs we have, we still think mid teams growth in the second half of the year is reasonable. We keep close tapes as you know on what are producers have in their pipelines and that would suggest that those numbers make sense.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, Brandon, we made the decision a couple of years ago that we were going to trade-off some current income for more certain long-term growth in a variety of ways. One of the ways was by additional recruiting in our various brokerage lines of business. Again as you know last few we had our best year in the decade recruiting. That has continued into this year. That strong recruiting momentum, we’ll see by the end of the year how it affects over the last year, but we’ve had good recruiting momentum this year. We also chose to make investment in what we called our operating platforms, so things like technology, research, etc. that support our market facing professionals. So we have a mindset and a strategy that is aimed at investing in the business to a rational degree in the short run to support long-term growth and long-term stability in the business. That will continue, that will continue with the acquisition of producers but it will also continue in the other ways I mentioned.
Bob Sulentic: We are satisfied. We stepped that pace up some time ago. We haven’t backed off the pace but we’re not accelerating. We think we’re at about the right -- about the right place now.
Bob Sulentic: With regard to our GCS business, which is where Norland primarily plays, they have been welcomed by our folks and by our clients in renewals in new contract pursued. So the answer to that is very definitely yes. And it has been viewed roundly as an upgrade to our offering, and rounding out of our offering in a big way in Europe, or particularly in the UK. In terms of inserting them in ongoing contracts, we only do that at points where there is -- we only attempt to introduce them into a contract at a natural point where there's a renewal or there's a need for the particular service they offer to the bid. That's the right way to do that, and that’s the approach we take.
Bob Sulentic: We are seeing the smaller markets pick up on a relative basis, and it’s a direct link to the fact that capital is looking -- there's a lot of capital out there, a lot of it is already been aimed at the gateway markets etc. and it’s now moving into the second tier markets.
Bob Sulentic: We think we’ve had a really good rate of growth in leasing in the first half of the year. We don’t know if we will keep it at the level it's been at. We think we are going to take market share, we think we will outgrow market. But our comment on the upside that you are in, is we look at all of our transactional businesses, so as we said a little bit development, little bit investment management, little bit investment properties, little bit leasing and we see generally good activity -- good opportunities in those areas and we think that the cumulative effect of all that should provide the kind of upside that we’ve given you in our number by raising the range a nickel. It’s not something where we have budgeted that 5% out in detail and allocated it among those various pieces.
Bob Sulentic: It’s comparable. It’s comparable. Our attitude toward recruiting is the same it was, we are trying to find the right people. When we find the right people in the right slots that we need, we go after them aggressively, but we don’t have an attitude that we have to hire a certain number of people. We have more of a view of our network and where there is opportunities to take market share on our network, and we go after the right people to fit those holes and our attitude toward that hasn’t changed in the last 18 months.
Bob Sulentic: Well, first of all, the trend on this for our outsourcing business and I think in general for businesses that outsource, whether they’re real estate or otherwise is that there is similarly adopters and others in the marketplace watching and if they see good results they start to adopt themselves and then the population of people that know how to do it within a sector grow. So right now we are seeing a trend little bit like we saw in the states, there were some early adopters in Europe and Asia and it’s becoming more and more accepted over there too, it’s growing. Almost always they are looking for a couple of things. Cost – they are looking for us to deliver cost savings, because we have a track record of being able to deliver cost at better rate than they can. We are more expert at than they are. They tend to be in other industries, we are in the real estate industry and so that’s helpful to us. Secondly, they are looking for strategic advice. When we provide integrated outsourcing services, we are at the high end of this strategic pecking order so to speak. So we are doing facilities management, project management, transaction management advice, consulting advice. They are looking for strategic advice in real estate and then coupling that with these other services and that creates an advantage for them. And so those are two things that they are consistently looking for that we are able to deliver, and we have a demonstrated track record of doing that and it’s starting to be recognized in Europe and Asia as it was in the early days in the United States.
Bob Sulentic: We haven’t had onboarding capacity constraints. It’s a lot of work when you land one of these accounts, and you have to have a deep bench of people, that’s one of the advantages we have. We have 300 of these accounts now, which provides a strong base of people we can use to bring on additional accounts. And again going back to the previous question, in the early days when there were only a small handful of accounts, there weren’t that many practised professionals out there so to speak. We have that now which is very helpful. I would say we have seen a consistent growth in interest in this part of our business over several years and that continues. And as we said it’s being helped by a couple of things now. Number one, the fact that it’s becoming more accepted in Europe and Asia and number two, the fact that there is some particular verticals in the United States and in our case, healthcare is a big one for us where there is growing interest. We had the eight new opportunities we signed in healthcare in the quarter. So the combination of those two things is driving growth and interest in that business for us.
Bob Sulentic: That’s all the comments. We appreciate everybody’s questions and we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days.
Jim Groch: Yeah, Anthony. This is Jim Groch. We’ve closed six small east [ph] transactions and announced the seven and we historically said that our infill transactions are running between 5 and 6 generally averaging over the last several years at about 5 and half EBITDA multiple and we’re continuing, that record continues. We’re actually running at a little bit lower multiple. We are seeing quite discipline on the M&A front and then I would just note that including the announced deal that hasn’t closed yet, most of these have been recently in the last few weeks. We’ll be acquiring in the neighbourhood of $130 million of run-rate revenue.
Jim Groch: Yeah. Hi, Brad. In terms of the fee, I think, what you’ve noticed is that the fees structures under management quarter-over-quarter are pretty flat and then there were some incentive and disposition fees that we received that were hired in prior year and that had to do obviously with disposition activity or largely with that and then there were some carried interests, that sort of the component.
Jim Groch: Hi, this is Jim, Brad. The evaluations business had done a lot of work over the years with lenders in particular working at loans, that activity is fallen off. And then we have also seen a little bit of a shift in what some folks are buying or looking to buy from that service line where they’re purchasing at lower costs. Some were level appraisals that we’ve seen a little bit of a shift in the fee structure and then the product as well.
Jim Groch: Yeah, Brandon, this is Jim Groch. Norland’s historical strongest quarter is Q1, and the next strongest quarter is Q4 typically and then two and three are plus – have been plus or minus the same. So unlike a lot of our business, it’s actually slightly weighted to the first half of the year.
Jim Groch: Brandon, this is Jim. It has been kind of on a steady march along that path for the last few years. We estimate that about 30% of our tenant revenues are now coming from our large corporate outsourcing clients and roughly half of our corporate outsourcing assignments include transactions as part of the contract. So it’s become quite material over the last few years.
Jim Groch: The one thing we commented David – this is Jim – is that rent growth – our econometric advisors group has rent up about 4%. That’s a preliminary data, so it’s not all-in but that’s discipline disciplinary the this is not all and but that over 12 months, so that is starting to become more material impact on the leasing business. Otherwise no single factor that is material but on the margin the square footage get a little bit higher, we are even seeing a month or two more on term on occasion on average. So all the indicators are just moving slightly but the big moves I would say are rent and then market share.
Jim Groch: The property management side, which falls under asset services, so we’re seeing a little bit of momentum – as net operating income in the buildings begins to improve with higher rental rates, that can flow through in fees but that business overall has a relatively slow growth rate still right now.
