Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. CBRE started 2016 with very strong performance. We again logged healthy double-digit increases in revenue and adjusted earnings per share, despite significant negative effects from currency hedges in the quarter. Our three largest global business lines, leasing, occupier outsourcing and sales, each generated notable growth. In addition, all three regional services businesses generated double-digit organic fee revenue growth in local currency. This level of growth which excludes all M&A contributions, is especially notable following a year in which there was considerable acquisition activity by all the major players. Leasing had an exceptional quarter. With markets around the world still improving modestly, our high-teens growth rate reflects the market share gains we're making through strategic recruiting and the increased productivity of our professionals. Occupier outsourcing had robust revenue growth, even without contributions from the Global Workplace Solutions acquisition.  Similarly, our property sales business had strong performance, with high-single-digit growth in revenue globally. We continue to make material strategic gains across our business. Clients increasingly want integrated solutions. They value highly strategic advice supported by insight, a powerful platform and superior execution, delivered by the most knowledgeable specialists in every business line in every local market around the world. CBRE is uniquely able to meet these requirements and create significant value for our clients. I'll turn the call over to Jim now, who will take you through the quarter in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. We're very encouraged by our strong start to 2016. Our people, collaborative culture and integrated suite of global services, coupled with continued enhancements to our operating platform, have created formidable advantages for our company and real differentiation in the marketplace. This was driven home earlier this month when Forbes named CBRE the 15th Best Employer in America and spotlighted the tremendous benefits we're realizing with our alternative workplace strategy, called Workplace 360. For a firm that specializes in advising clients on how best to utilize real estate to attract talent, there's no better endorsement. As we look ahead, it is important to remember that the first quarter is typically our seasonally lightest quarter for revenue and earnings. As always, we caution against using the first quarter as a barometer of full-year performance; however, our business has positive momentum and the macro environment, while more cautious than a year ago, remains generally supportive, with consensus forecasts calling for continued modest economic growth in the U.S. and globally. Against this back drop, we continue to expect double-digit growth again in 2016, with full-year adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.27 to $2.37. This is 13% year-on-year growth at the midpoint of the range. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, we didn't have significant impact from acquisitions in our investment sales business in the first quarter. We have had, as we've noted, several years running of really strong hiring. More of that hiring, by the way, has been in our leasing business than in our sales business, but we have hired professionals around the world. I think what you saw was a few things. Number one, we took market share, we believe. It's hard, as you know to get perfect numbers on that but, we believe we took market share. It's also important in looking at our business to understand that there's some things in the public data that don't come through in reporting on our business. For instance, we do significant buyer representation. We do significant land sales and we do significant sales of user buildings that don't show up in the numbers, so our business is a little more far reaching than the publicly-available information would suggest. But we did perform well in the first quarter and I think you're seeing that in the numbers.
Bob Sulentic: No, it's really important to note and we stress this every year, this year is no difference. The first quarter is just one quarter and it's the smallest quarter in our sector and for our company. Our expectations for the year remain unchanged. We saw a little choppiness in the first part of the quarter when the capital markets in general were choppy. We saw that actually get better toward the end of the quarter and confidence come back a bit and our view of the year and our expectations for performance remain unchanged.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, Brad, there is some concern and it's been broadly written about and commented on due to Brexit. We did have a good first quarter in the UK. Leasing was up 16% and sales were up 3%. Again, we think we took market share there. We think the whole Brexit thing is going to become a bigger concern leading up to the vote in June and if the vote fails, obviously, there will be a pause until people figure it out. But look, that is a healthy, in general, market for real estate. It's a very attractive place for capital. We don't see that changing. We'll see what happens when this Brexit thing sorts out, but our business is doing well there and we expect it to do well for the remainder of the year.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we saw good growth around the world and we particularly saw good leasing growth here in the U.S. Part of what you saw in the numbers, Brad, is what Jim commented on in our opening remarks and that is that we did some very large leases in some big markets and we think in some of the most important markets we're hiring and other things we've done has allowed us to take market share and we expect a good year for the remainder of the year in the U.S. We also expect to see things remain strong around the world. Leasing could be a little less positive in Asia for the rest of the year as things have slowed down a bit there, but we think we're going to see good growth in Europe and we're confident. As it relates to capital markets, our outlook for the year really hasn't changed. As I said, we saw that choppiness at the beginning of the first quarter. It abated as the quarter went on. There's a lot of capital around the world that wants to go into real estate. There's a little pressure on trophy assets, but we think that the year will play out as we had suggested at our year-end release three months ago.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. I would say it definitively did slowdown in the first quarter. Now, we're comparing it against three very, very strong years, in fact, we think probably the three strongest years in the history of our company. Because of all of the acquisitions we've made over the years, we don't have perfect data going back. We were at about half the pace in the first quarter that we've been the last couple of years, still a lot of net hiring. We've tightened down our underwriting standards because of where we're at, the seven years of growth. We've also seen some what we consider to be uneconomic and unsustainable deals made in the market and we just won't play in that game. We're staying very clear of that. And we really think it's important for investors to understand how companies treat these incentives and signing bonuses that a broker is given. In our case, as a public company, we include all these costs in our cost of services and we fully amortize them over the life of a contract, so those are real costs that are incurred and we're very, very careful about how we do that.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we still talk about that. We still think our share of the market has grown, as has our best competitor in this area, but the market has gotten bigger. It's very hard to get your arms around how big the market is. Healthcare is a much bigger part of the business than it used to be. You've got universities. You've got government entities, maybe a hundred-billion-dollar market. We're constantly trying to assess it.  We think that it's relatively lightly penetrated and it's one of the real growth drivers in our business. You saw that in our first quarter numbers. I think you'll see that in our full-year numbers. And by the way, that's completely in the absence of the addition of the GWS acquisition. Our organic growth was 17% in the first quarter, so it's a good business. We expect it to grow. We expect the size of the market to grow and the opportunity to penetrate enterprises that haven't outsourced before to continue to be very good.
Bob Sulentic: Look, we're seeing less bidders in some case, but for the most part, we're not seeing much of a change in pricing on assets, either industrial or trophy office. But particularly with regard to trophy office, we're not seeing as many bidders in some cases. Again, I'm going to go back to something both Jim and I commented on earlier and that is that a little bit of the nervousness and choppiness that we saw the first couple months of the year, we saw start to abate a bit at the end of the quarter. And in general, we think the news -- things in the capital markets have slowed down and the prospects are looking more now for the rest of the year like they did at the end of last year rather than as we got into the beginning of the first quarter. But we're not seeing much impact on pricing. If we were going to circle some assets and say these are the ones that might be vulnerable, it clearly would be the trophy office assets. But again, I think that it's important to remember, David and this is what I think gets missed a little bit when people look at our company, we certainly have a big practice in that area. We have a very big and very active practice in the industrial area, but we also have a big, far-reaching practice in areas that don't necessarily get a lot of the bright lights. Again, we represent a lot of buyers. We represent a lot of land sellers. We do a lot of work with users, buying and selling properties. So to understand our business and our capital markets business, you have to look far beyond the headlines.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we've certainly, as we do with all acquisitions -- and by the way, as we do with our whole business, we're regularly looking at what works and what doesn't work and tweaking the organization and trying to make it more efficient. We've done that with the GWS business as we expected we would. We have an organizational structure for that business now that we think is the go-forward structure that we don't expect to change much. We're very, very excited about it. We think it's going to be very efficient. We think it's going to be particularly good for our clients and we're excited.
Bob Sulentic: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us here today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the second quarter.
Jim Groch: Yes, we're not updating the guidance that we gave on GWS when we made the acquisition, but we'll just say that it continues to run very much in line with our expectations. We've broken out separately the revenue to show that we can provide clarity to the market on the underlying growth rate of the existing business, but we have not separated it out of EBITDA.
Jim Groch: Yes, it's really hard to predict. It's just going to be dependent on how currency moves over the quarter.
Jim Groch: We went from hedging in December for our projected EBITDA for the year to hedging on a rolling-four quarter basis. So we'll look out four quarters from now and we'll estimate what we expect EBITDA to be four quarters out and we'll hedge that. So it should be less volatility over time, but it will depend in the end on how the markets work.
Jim Groch: Yes. We're comparing against a big gain in Q1 last year, so that exaggerates the year-to-year compare in this quarter, so hopefully there will be less of that in the future quarters.
Jim Groch: We have no update to our previous guidance of synergy targets, but we continue to have very high confidence around all aspects of our execution on that acquisition in achieving all of the objectives that we set out.
Jim Groch: The cadence will be more execution in the first half. This is a specific targeted program. It's outside the range of normal everyday cost containment and cost control that we're doing. But after years of very, very substantial growth, we just felt it was time to put aside some dedicated energy into looking for areas we could cut some costs. It is, in the scale of our company, still quite a small program and we will reinvest some of the savings in things that we think can help drive the organic revenue growth of the business, so it will not all drop to the bottom line.
Jim Groch: There were no real surprises there. They came in largely on plan, so no change to our guidance there for the year.
Jim Groch: Overall, we're expecting it to be relatively flat versus last year, but a little more consistent quarter to quarter. Last year, there was a lot of activity in the first couple quarters and then it began to taper off, particularly in Q3 as the GSEs started to hit caps. Our conversations with the GSEs is that they're working hard to have that volume be more stable quarter to quarter this year and that's how we see it playing out.
Jim Groch: It's still a little early on the JCI accounts in they've only been a part of our business for a short period of time, but our early experience is quite positive and in line with what we have expected.
Jim Groch: I think overall, given the size of our business, the couple of things that you talked about aren't likely to change the quarter-to quarter cadence of the business.
Jim Groch: Anthony, we're not giving specific incremental margins by line of business. I think you've seen us continue to increase margins by line of business. We noted at the end of last year that the overall margin for the business would come down a little bit. We estimated by around plus or minus 17% margin on fee revenue in full year 2016 as the business mix has changed so materially, but the margins by line of business, generally, are increasing slowly over time with the advantage of the scale on just focused efficiency.
Jim Groch: We've not given guidance on that, Anthony. We're deep into just looking in the nooks and crannies for things that are not adding value. And like I said on an earlier comment to an earlier question, we will reinvest a chunk of those savings in things and particularly around technology and data analytics and other areas that we see giving lift to the business.
