Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 24. All in all, we are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter and through the first 9 months of the year. Like in everyone in business, we would like to see a more robust global economic expansion and our policymakers in Washington, D.C. finally unite around a pro-growth agenda. Nevertheless, CBRE remains well-positioned to continue driving strong revenue growth in the sector's best margins while making major strategic investments in people and technology, 2 critical components of our long-term success plan, as well as in continued in-fill M&A. We expect the revenue improvement we achieved in the third quarter to continue through year-end. Property sales activity should continue to be healthy. Global capital flows into real estate remain strong and, increasingly, investors are expanding their horizon into secondary markets and secondary assets in search of yield. This is very good for us given the breadth of our market coverage. Steady double-digit growth should sustain in our occupier outsourcing business where we see a robust pipeline of corporate and healthcare space users turning over their real estate work to outside service providers. Reflecting this, last week, we signed one of our largest ever outsourcing engagements with JPMorgan Chase. CBRE will provide the bank with facilities, management and brokerage services across of the U.S., Canada and Latin America, as well as project management services in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific. We expect improved Leasing performance, fueled by combination of market lift and share gains resulting from our increased focus on this business. And further significant carried interest contributions will underpin growth in Investment Management during the fourth quarter. In terms of challenges, tempered economic growth and the resulting occupier caution, along with foreign currency effects will continue to contain our performance in Asia-Pacific, and the mortgage servicing business in the Americas will remain under pressure as a result of the new regulatory limits on GSE lending. Considering all of this, we continue to expect normal -- normalized EBITDA margin improvement for the full year. We also anticipate that we will achieve full year adjusted earnings per share of between $1.40 and $1.45, consistent with our overall outlook at the beginning of the year. Before we take your questions, I would like to take a moment for a few brief announcements. The first is the opening a month ago of our new global headquarters at 400 South Hope Street in downtown Los Angeles. The office has been designed based on alternative workplace strategy principles and sets a new standard for collaborative work environments in our industry. Congratulations to our work-play strategy and L.A. area teams. Next, I want to acknowledge Nick Kormeluk, who has served as our Vice President of Investor Relations since 2007. Nick will be ending his association with CBRE effective at the end of the year. As many of you may know, Nick transitioned from employee to consultant in early 2009 and he now plans to focus 100% of his energies on is growing consulting practice. We thank Nick for his service to CBRE and wish him the best of luck with his future endeavors. Going forward, Steve Iaco, our Director of Corporate Communications, will serve as our liaison along with Gil to the financial community. Steve is a 20-year veteran of CBRE and its predecessor companies who possesses deep knowledge of our operations and strong relationships up and down the organization. I know that you'll enjoy interacting with Steve. Finally, I would like to remind all of you that our annual business review day will be held at our New York City office on November 21. If you have not received the details, please get in touch with Nick or Steve. I look forward to seeing you there. With that, operator, we'll open the lines for questions.
Robert E. Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. Let me add a little bit to what Gil said. In general, I think that you should expect to see us on kind of an ongoing basis escalate our investments in technology and people relative to where we've been, not to the point where we're going to yield on our priority of having the industry's best margins. And in this environment, as you know, this year, we expect to expand those margins by 50 basis points. We'll see how next year goes. We may expand it again next year. But we are, with regard to technology, and certain targeted expenses with people, we are escalating our expenses. And that's on a net basis, by the way. We've also got, as Gil said, a targeted program that we put together for some cost savings to offset a portion of that.
Robert E. Sulentic: And I'm going to add to that, Anthony. We now expect -- we've gone through an aggressive disposition program. We have a sizable value-added business. We also have the sizable core asset business in these gateway markets where we thought it was particularly opportunity to sell assets. So the combination of those 2 led us to dispositions of $7 billion-plus during the course of this year. We think that activity will taper off now and that in fact that we'll start net investing next year. Our capital raise activity in the third quarter was 50% higher than the first and second quarters combined. We expect that capital raise activity to increase again in the fourth quarter and we expect next year to be significantly higher than this year. So we're going to have a lot of dry powder. We will work through that disposition phase and we feel like that there's an opportunity to grow that base [ph] of AUM next year.
Robert E. Sulentic: But to be redundant here, Brandon, you weren't splitting hairs. And that was contemplated in the way we gave guidance and our release.
Robert E. Sulentic: Brandon, obviously, we're going to have Mike Strong answer that question. But I want to comment on something globally in response to what you just said. Under the leadership of our Global President of Brokerage, Jack Durburg, and our Global President of Capital Markets, Chris Ludeman, we have an aggressive program in place in all regions of the world to add talent to our businesses. So we haven't been sitting back waiting for the markets to get to a certain point before we did that. We believe we have headroom for growth organically in all regions of the world. We think it's starting to come through pretty nicely in the numbers. And that decision was made by our Global Operating Committee that Gil, Mike Strong and myself all sit on independent of the comings and goings of results in the current quarter or current year.
Robert E. Sulentic: David, I'll answer that. We have really focused on growing our Leasing business around the world and specifically in the Americas. And we expect to see good momentum, a momentum ahead of the market certainly through the balance of this year. And we're putting our plan together for next year. And my guess is, when that plan is all said and done, we will have expected ourselves to grow market share again next year. So that area is receiving a lot of focus from us.
Robert E. Sulentic: We are adding a significant number of people and we are doing 2 things: we're adding people in and we're switching out people in a number of markets that where we had the opportunity to bring in better talent.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, I think we're already seeing some of that now. The fact of the matter is, there's -- rates are coming up, occupancies are coming up and sophisticated users, and we advise a lot of them, are attuned to that. And they believe that the space is going to get more expensive, particularly the better space. And there's some aggressive action to secure space in the environment we're in today.
Robert E. Sulentic: Mitch, this is going to sound glib and I apologize for that, but retail is one of the product lines we offer and we have very pointedly said that we expect to be able to grow organically and through M&A all of our product lines in all our geographies. We like the businesses we're in, we like the geographies we're in and we're aggressive about growing all those businesses in all those geographies. We happen to think we have an exceptional opportunity in retail in the United States. We have a very good leader in that business. We have a bunch of regional leaders geographic leaders, who have identified opportunities for us to grow. And the situation in Philadelphia with FAMECO was really a nice example of that kind of opportunity.
Robert E. Sulentic: We think there's going to be solid growth opportunity in investment sales in all 3 regions of the world in the fourth quarter.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes. There's probably a threshold out there somewhere, but we're not foreseeing it anytime soon. We think the more likely situation is, if interest rates tick up, it will be because the economy has gotten better. As the economy gets better, what will -- what we've already started to see and what we'll see more of is that activity picks up on property sales in what are typically called second-tier markets and second-tier assets, which by the way, still very, very substantial business centers and very substantial assets that, up to this point, had not yet been captured in that kind of activity. So we think that kind of circumstance will offset any impact of higher interest rates based on anything we foresee now. Now there could be again a threshold out there somewhere that we're not seeing. The other thing that is always worth keeping in mind when you think about real estate assets now is the liquidity and the transparency associated with real estate assets is appealing in the market environment we're in today. And also the fact that they're considered to be a hedge against inflation, which everybody knows. So we're not concerned about the circumstance that you're describing as possible. And obviously, we and the market haven't seen that playing out at all.
Robert E. Sulentic: If that's all the questions, we appreciate everybody joining us today. And we will talk to you again when we release our year-end information. Thank you very much.
Gil Borok: Anthony, it's Gil. I think you're reading too much into it. Mid- to single-high-digits is exactly what it says. So we've got a range of mid- to high single digits, right? I think that hasn't changed. So I wouldn't be concerned about that.
Gil Borok: Anthony, we're not going to disclose the number. But what we will say is that what is it in the prepared remarks was similar sizable. So that means at least as much as in the third quarter.
Gil Borok: Yes, certainly. So what we said, and I need to put a bit of context around this. As we said at the beginning of the year or earlier in the year, we gave an indication that we expected net spend to be around $40 million. The actual spend on investment would be greater than that, offset by savings in other areas that we knew we would get. So in essence, we were substituting lesser quality spend, if you will, for higher quality spend, i.e., for investment. So it was very programmatic and we were not free spending in terms of investment but rather self-funding at least some of that investment. That all would net to a investment amount of $40 million for the year. We've not gotten into tracking against that $40 million, but what I will say qualitatively is, through the 9 months, we're probably a little bit behind. Meaning, not behind on our investment but actually a little bit ahead on our savings. But I don't want to get into exactly what those numbers are because then we'll be in a situation like we've been in the past where we're chasing our tail. So I will just tell you that qualitatively, I think we're doing just fine relative to that net bogey.
Gil Borok: So you said a lot there. Clearly we were investing -- we're expecting a return. So clearly, there will be some revenue. Again we're not talking, as you know, about a very major effort -- at $40 million on a significant -- significant business is not that much. But we do expect a return. A good portion of that will then be in the run rate, right? So if investment in people, for example, will stay, there are some items that are onetime in nature on systems and so forth that once they're spent they won't recur. So not the full $40 million in and of itself will be run rate. A good portion of it will be. But we have not yet completed our budgets for 2014. And when we do, and we know what that number is, run rate plus perhaps additional onetime for next year, perhaps not. We'll give you a clear number probably on the next earnings call as to what we expect that equivalent number to be for 2014.
Gil Borok: There are no additional privatizations or internalizations that we're aware of. So I'm not going to go to so far to say it's a decent run rate, because we expect and hopefully and ultimately AUM growth. But it is a more normalized fee, so assets under management. We have a comparable quarter Q3 '13 versus Q3 '12, which was not the case prior to.
Gil Borok: Yes. The way I would answer that, Brandon, is we don't foresee an upside to the full year range of $1.40 to $1.45, mostly because of the GSE servicing slow down. And so all we're doing is returning to our additional and unqualified guidance.
Gil Borok: Yes, I can comment on the fourth quarter, but you said it, we don't know the picture for 2014. It's really not determined at this point. We'll be better qualified to talk about that obviously on the next call or maybe even prior to once the government themselves figure out what they're going to do. But in terms of the fourth quarter, if we -- based on what we know right now and based on the mandate of reducing volumes by 10%, we expect that we'll have an impact of maybe a little bit less than this quarter, but in that $10 million to $15 million range year-over-year. So a similar slightly lower negative impact versus Q4 2012. And we know that because the mandate is to reduce volumes by 10% on the year. We were over that through June 30 and we were perhaps under that in the third quarter and we do know that Fannie and Freddie have said that they maybe have overshot the market a bit in the third quarter, would ease up in the fourth such that they don't get to volumes that are greater than 10% less than the full year 2012. So there's perhaps a little bit of upside which leads me to say that I think the impact on that quarter negative will be a little better than it was in Q3. Hopefully that's clear.
Gil Borok: Yes, Brandon. So in the third quarter, we did not have issues that we had in Q2. I think it was anomalous to Q2; 1 and 3 were good quarters for us in Brazil, 2 was not. Year-to-date, we're a little better and the forecast for the year on Brazil in particular, I would say, is flat to slightly better. It's highly dependent on transactions and there are large capital markets transactions that happen in that market. And if one flips, that can have an impact on that particular market. And in fact, as we saw even on our overall results, that bakes [ph] some of those transactions.
