Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Brad. And good morning, everyone. Our business ended the year with broad strength across geographies and business lines. The fourth quarter was highlighted by 16% fee revenue growth in our regional services businesses, with positive operating leverage in those businesses, driven by leasing and occupier outsourcing. This led to adjusted EPS growth of 26% for the quarter. For the year, adjusted EPS rose 20% on 15% growth in fee revenue. This marks our ninth consecutive year of double-digit increases in adjusted EPS. Our results for both the quarter and the year reflect the operational gains in capital investments we have made to enable our people to produce hard-to-replicate client outcomes. Our leasing business is a good example. We repositioned this business four years ago in response to client appetite for greater advisory services and now have more than 1,000 dedicated specialists working alongside our transaction professionals. They advise clients on workplace design and employee experience, labor and location analytics, government incentives, and supply chain optimization, among other things. No competitor has the capacity to invest in advisory capabilities to the same degree that CBRE has. This is creating competitive differentiation and contributing to strong leasing revenue growth, particularly with account-based clients. While we were having one of our best quarters on record, we also worked diligently to prepare for the reorganization that took effect on January 1. The structure puts several of our sector's very best leaders in compelling new leadership roles, sharpens our focus on excellence across our services, and enables operating efficiencies across our business.  These moves are already having an impact and we expect them to come through in our financial performance in 2019. Before I hand the call over to Jim, I'll comment on the plan we announced in January to split his responsibilities. Our scale and financial strength, much of which resulted from Jim's excellent work, give CBRE unique advantages as an investor in our sector. Jim is a savvy investor with a proven long-term record of successfully allocating and deploying capital. We will benefit greatly from his exclusive focus in this critically important area. I want to thank Jim for his many contributions as our CFO. Our search for new CFO is progressing nicely. Now, Jim will discuss our performance for the fourth quarter and the year in more detail. 
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. We start the new year with excellent momentum across our global business. Our people are energized and aligned behind our strategy. Our new organizational structure will allow them to take maximum advantage of CBRE's scale and resources and growing suite of technology tools. Globally, the economy is expected to grow at a healthy, but moderately slower, pace than in 2018. Cross-border capital flows are solid, notwithstanding the ongoing trade and geopolitical tensions. While we remain mindful of potential macro challenges and the length of the current economic expansion, this continues to be a supportive environment for our business. As always, transaction volumes are difficult to forecast. However, we expect solid revenue growth in our transaction businesses in 2019, supported by market share gains.  We also see strong continued momentum in real estate outsourcing as interest accelerates in new sectors and customers expand existing mandates. In addition, our competitive advantages continue to strengthen, driven by large investments in strategic acquisitions and strong operational and technology gains. This portends another year of strong growth for our outsourcing business in 2019. Finally, we continue to make material investments in our business at a level similar to 2018, with the intention of further differentiating our products and services. In 2019, we expect solid top line growth, while also achieving modest positive operating leverage in our advisory and outsourcing businesses. We will discuss all of this in more detail at our investor day and we look forward to seeing everyone in New York on March 7. Before I close, let me thank everyone at CBRE for another outstanding year in 2018. We are very proud of their dedicated efforts on behalf of our clients and our shareholders. And now, operator, we'll open the line for questions. 
Bob Sulentic: Jason, we're seeing a few things. First of all, there's a lot of debt and equity capital available that still wants to get into commercial real estate. Assets are in really good shape. Occupancies are going up. Rental rates are growing up, which is attractive to investors in commercial real estate. And the base of assets around the world is growing.  We're now potentially going to see some new development in New York that we haven't seen for a while. So, I think all of that suggests, of course, unless problems emerge, given what's going on geopolitically and in trade, et cetera, I think we should see another solid year for building sales. Probably the marketplace in general won't be quite as active as it was in 2018, but we expect to grow our business because we expect it takes some market share. We've added some professionals, some things we've done historically. By the way, what's going on with interest rates is probably a good thing for asset sales. The momentum to raise interest rates has diminished and we think that's a good thing.
Bob Sulentic: I don't think we could stratify our trading that closely throughout the quarter. I can tell you we had a really good quarter where we think we took significant market share in all three regions of the world. We saw healthy trading everywhere. There was clearly some downward pressure in the UK related to Brexit, not huge, but some. But, in general, we saw an active market around the world. We saw a really active market here in the US for our GSE financing. Are so, I wouldn't say that the type of circumstance you described was real evident.
Bob Sulentic: We're expecting Mark Calabria to be confirmed in the coming months to the lead FHFA. We see him as a conservative executive who is unlikely to expand the lending programs, but at the same time also not likely to make risky changes in the system – or to the system that's worked well through the financial crisis and continues to work well. And, specifically, we're refering to multifamily. And as you know, the multifamily part of the GSEs actually did quite well through the financial crisis and have performed very nicely since as well. So, we see that as being pretty stable. We do expect changes over time and we think that any changes will incur very gradually over a period of many years.
Bob Sulentic: That was mostly Continental Europe. We had a really good year last year. Your numbers would suggest what we believe which is that we did take market share. We did see some downward pressure in the UK. And as expected, although it didn't, it wasn't a very dominant circumstance relative to our overall performance. It did have an impact on the margin. We didn't see that, by the way, leasing where we saw really strong growth in the UK, but we saw a little bit of pressure in asset trading and the continent did quite well. 
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, there are several things going on. Some of them are market related. Some pretty significant ones are market related. And then, some are more unique to us and a couple of our larger competitors. For sure, this office experience dynamic where companies are using space to attract, to retain and make talent more productive is a big deal. There is just no doubt about it. Co-working is helping on the margin. I think we thought it had a 3% impact. But 3% impact, when you have that much growth, is nontrivial. That's important. Everything that you're seeing going on with e-commerce and the – in both directions, the e-commerce sell and then the returns which have become huge, is prompting a lot of leasing activity that we haven't seen historically in warehouse space of various types, small and large. So, all of that is helping the sector. And then, as it relates to a company like ourselves, and specifically us, since it's us we're talking about, I guess, the account-based business is growing and we are in a super good position to take advantage of that with our global footprint, with our ability to invest in all these advisory services. We now have a thousand people around the world working on advisory-related services for clients to kind of supplement our traditional tenant rep business. The technology platform we can build, the link to our outsourcing, to our FM and project management clients, all of that account-based work is growing and we're taking a disproportionate share of that, and that's coming through in the numbers. So, there are a bunch of things at play that are causing the results you're seeing in the leasing business. And it's been really good news for our company.
Bob Sulentic: It's not that we're shifting it with the new organization we have and the focus on the segment. So, you're asking leasing or brokerage specifically. With the focus we have on our advisory business, we expect the management team in that business to be much more focused, to have much greater insight and much greater accountability specifically about the performance of that part of the business. The way we've set up our chief operating officer, Jack Durburg, in a role that we've never had him in before or we've never had a person in before, a big part of what he's supposed to do is help drive those business lines and help drive the measurement of those business lines, which, of course, improves accountability. And we expect that to come through in the results. Then, we're rebuilding our client care effort, which is about the way we serve and measure the work we do for these big account-based clients. We expect all those things to conspire to allow us to have better insight into the performance of those lines of business, more accountability and, as a result, better results. We also are going to gain some advantage on the cost side. There's just no doubt in my mind about that. We've eliminated some costs and we have an organizational structure that's going to be more accountable for eliminating even more costs.
Bob Sulentic: Hana? Hana is going quite well. We expect, very soon, to announce a number of units and we'll have units up and running, we think, by this summer. It's a new investment opportunity for us. That is one of the most exciting opportunities we've had in some time and we love the team we have, we love the strategy we have. We think the marketplace is oriented quite well toward it. We think our relationships with both occupiers and landlords is oriented quite well toward it. so, we're excited and it's moving along as we had hoped.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. David, the kind of gestation period for a development deal takes it beyond the first year that you put it in process. And some are longer than others. You can have some warehouses that you can get through pretty quickly in a year, maybe a little over a year. Office buildings can take much longer. Multi-family can take much longer. And we're doing more and more core type product which, in general, takes a little longer, which is by the way very good news because it's generally less risky, generally you're able to finance it with more staying power. And so, even if you hit a bump in the road with the marketplace, you can get through it and do quite well. But the bump up that you're seeing in that in-process portfolio wouldn't likely harvest within a year.
Bob Sulentic: We think that co-working or flexible space, we think it's going to morph over time. So, it's more suites oriented, institutional occupier oriented than traditional co-working. We think it's going to grow. We think it's 1% to 2% of the global base of multitenant space today. We think that could grow to 5% to 10%. Obviously, you've read research reports by others that suggest it could go much higher than that. We've studied it very closely. We think it's very real. We think that – let's look at our big occupier clients. We know for sure that those occupier clients want to have a lot of the space that they are in the space they own. We know that they want to have a lot of the space they are in be space they lease, that's exclusively for them. But we also know that, on the margin, they like to be able to have a chunk of their space for employees that move around the world or employees that are part of a team that's just forming and maybe absorbed into something else later, things like that. They like the notion of flexible space. And so, we think this opportunity is real. We think it's going to grow. And we are very oriented toward participating in it in a variety of ways.
Bob Sulentic: No big trends. Cap rates are pretty stable. The amount of capital that's out there is stable. The flow of capital information may have slowed a bit. There's plenty of bidders for anything good that comes to market. There's plenty of debt for anything good that comes to market. We've said we think the market will be a little less active. Well, the growth will be. I shouldn't say that. We think the growth in the market will be less in 2019 than 2018. We think it will be kind of a flattish market. But I wouldn't say we're seeing big trends and we expect to grow our capital markets in our sales business next year.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, we like the businesses we're in. We study that all the time and ask the question with our management team, with our strategy team, with our board, should we go into adjacent areas. The choices we made for the time being are that we're going to into this experienced market with our Host offering more aggressively. We made the choice to go into the co-working or flexible space market with Hana. Obviously, in this last cycle, we escalated materially our participation in multifamily. We think that was a really good call. We have now a sizable multifamily development business. And we've always had a sizable multifamily trading and financing business. But for the most part, we like the businesses we're in and we see opportunities all over our business to expand. We don't have 10% market share globally in anything we do and we're constantly scanning our lines of business and our geographies for places where we think we can do more. By the way, this reorganization should really help in that regard. So, let's take our advisory business. If you went back to the organizational structure we had last year and before and look across the geographies, to a degree, among our leadership team, we had co-mingled our outsourcing business and our advisory business, our brokerage businesses. We're going to have much more focus now. We have mechanisms to ensure synergy between the two, but we're going to have much more focus. And if you were ask Mike Lafitte, the global head of our advisory business, what he's going to do, we have 12 divisional presidents around the world in that advisory business, and one of the things he's going to ask them to focus on in each major market is understanding whether or not we're the leader in occupier leasing, we're the leader in agency leasing, whether we're the leader in capital markets and financing, and understand that deeply and, to the extent, we aren't go after. That's one of the reasons we're so confident that this reorganization is going to be powerful. And so, the fact of the matter is, we largely like the products we're in, but we see plenty of holes and opportunities for improvement.
Bob Sulentic: No indication at all, Patrick. When you look at our leasing activity and you look at the leasing activity of our good competitors, it's much bigger than just flexible workspace. We had a question a minute ago why only 3% when the market absorption is 20%? Well, first of all, that's just office space, right? We do a lot of leasing, obviously, in the industrial space. We do leasing in the retail space. But there is an awful lot of what's going on in the leasing world. We represent most big occupiers around the world. Most big occupiers around the world, the majority of their leasing will still be in spaces that are not co-working spaces. And so, we don't think on the margin that what we're doing with Hana or what our clients out in the market space that are in the agile or co-working arena do will have a big impact on our leasing business. Certainly, not for the foreseeable future. Now, if co-working didn't go to 10%, but, in fact, went to 20% or 30%, then maybe would move more in the direction of Hana and see a little bit of back pressure on our leasing, but we're not seeing it now.
Bob Sulentic: We still think we're going to have substantial opportunity to make acquisitions, infill acquisitions and transformational acquisitions, over time. The exact amount of that, we don't know. As Jim said, we're prepared to buy back our shares if that turns out to be the best use of capital. And we also think, over an extended period of time, with real attention to the cycle, there will be increased opportunities to invest in our real estate investment businesses, with Hana, with Trammell Crow Company and with our investment management business. So, we've got lots of places to look to to invest our capital and we think this is one of the real advantages we have as a company, is our ability to invest and then make those investments impactful after they happen.
Bob Sulentic: We're not having any trouble at all raising capital for that business. The track record has been pretty exceptional. In this cycle, we generated compounded returns for our third-party capital partners over 30%. They know that we're very thoughtful about the investments we make. And when we identify a project that we want to do, capital is there to participate with us.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone. We appreciate you being with us and look forward to seeing you on our investor day.
Jim Groch: Sure, Anthony. We have commented that we expect modest operating leverage next year. So, that, overall, obviously implies that our investment levels will grow at a slower rate than our revenue growth. So, we're at a steady state investment level where that'll grow a bit as the business grows. But nothing akin to what you saw last year, just more of a steady state investment now.
Jim Groch: It did start off a little bit slower and end the year at about $40 million in the fourth quarter and was close to $30 million in Q3.
Jim Groch: Yeah, sure. I'd say, overall, Anthony, the market is healthy. We did about 10 investments this year. You could say, as it feels like we're later in the cycle, we're seeing more deals come to market for obvious reasons as sellers are more open to selling. That, obviously, puts more of the onus on us to be very thoughtful about underwriting. But I'd say it's a healthy – it's a solid, steady, healthy market with a lot of companies to look at and a lot of good companies to consider. And multiples are in line. Our typical deal, infill multiples was still in the plus or minus 6 range on average. If you have a unique deal that's more of a software platform or something like that, obviously, that will trade differently. But the traditional infill M&A type transactions have been trading at a pretty steady range or at least with the deals that we've done.
Jim Groch: Alan, I would say, we did have incremental investments I referenced earlier in response to a question from Anthony. It was about $40 million in the quarter as compared to the same quarter in the prior year. We also had a bit of headwind – FX headwind. I want to say, it cost about $10 million or so. I'll confirm that. And we still achieved a 10 basis point higher margin in the quarter. We also had – acquisition mix was about a 10 basis point headwind.
Jim Groch: And, of course, business mix with GWS growth being up so much in the quarter. So, I guess, the way I would look at, it's a pretty darn strong quarter with a significant shift in business mix, significant incremental investments, some headwind from exchange rates and we still expanded margins by 10 basis points.
Jim Groch: Yeah. David, the early integration has been quite good. It's on plan with our underwriting. I noted when talking about the GWS business that we just landed in Q4, one of our largest global contracts ever, and FacilitySource played a big part in us being able to kind of customize the solution where different parts of our service were able to kind of attack different parts of the portfolio in a way that I think is somewhat unique, in that the client found to be really compelling. So, that deal is off to a great start. Integration is going well and the client response has been very positive.
Jim Groch: I guess one comment I would make is absorption tends to look at what's happening on the margin and doesn't account for the vast base of existing real estate that just turns and renews or maybe move. So, the other thing is you'll see a bigger impact in some of –markets like New York City and London where there's a lot of press and maybe many of us are closer to those markets. But we've kind of gone through our own internal analysis through our actual vouchers and feel that 3% is a good estimate of what the impact was on our total leasing business in the US in this year.
Jim Groch: We wouldn't generally comment on questions where it could kind of get – you get specific quickly in a relatively small industry. But all those opportunities have been around for a long time and the pace of activity, over time, has been what it's been. There are opportunities along the lines of some of the things you mentioned. There's also breakage issues that people have to consider an culture. And we're growing our business now on an organic basis by a large amount each year. The annual growth is equal to the size of some of the fairly large customers. Competitors are now in the marketplace, and so you have to you have to look at all the opportunities and compare them against one another.
Jim Groch: Sure. We've kept just under $50 million of remaining capacity under our existing authorization. And I would say, we'll continue to approach buybacks opportunistically, as I noted. We purchased just over $200 million, worth 5.1 million shares at an average price of $40.20 per share. That was mostly December and the first week in January. But we can, obviously, go back and ask for more authorization, but can't talk about it really beyond that. As far as capital allocation philosophy, it really hasn't changed. We returned capital to shareholders and we think is the highest and best use of our capital. We've also committed to returning capital to our shareholders if our leverage approaches zero. We've talked quite a bit about being in a posture of having low leverage at late cycle and we've spoken equally about being comfortable with higher than our long-term target leverage point as we're in a downturn and the early years of recovery where we think capital is scarce and it's a great time to deploy a lot of capital.
