Brett White: Thank you, Nick. Good morning everyone. Please turn to slide 4. This past quarter we purchased very strong revenue and earnings growth across our business, with revenue gains of 16% for the company and much better growth in normalized EBITDA. Our revenue growth was aided by the continued recovery in the commercial real estate market and continued strong fundamental in our outsourcing business. Normalized EBITDA grew 38% in the first quarter of 2011 versus the first quarter of 2010 and diluted adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2011 was $0.13 as compared to $0.01 for the first quarter of 2010. As you might recall from our fourth quarter 2010 earnings call, in the second half of 2010, we restored a significant portion of our US based compensation related expenses that were cut during the downturn due a stronger than expected first year recovery. In addition, in EMEA, in the fourth quarter of 2010 and continuing in the first quarter of 2011, we have aggressively hired producers and related support in anticipation of improving transaction based revenues. We believe that these personnel addition will serve as well in future quarters as our revenue pipelines are generally strong and operating leverage in this region should improve as the year progresses.  Our principal businesses performed very well during the quarter, with strong revenue increases accompanied by lower expenses in Investment Management and gains of $12.9 million of the sale of three properties in the Development business. The recovery and expansion in the global commercial real estate market continued at the rate consistent with early stage recovery in prior cycles. We like what we see in the market and are very excited about our opportunity to leverage our unique and industry-leading platform to produce outside gain for our investors and terrific outcomes for our clients. Some of the more note worthy transactions we completed during or immediately following the quarter are listed in slide#5. As usual I will not go through them individually, but have included down to show some business wins. I will now turn the call over Gil to go with the financial results in detail.
Brett White: Thank you, Gil. Please turn to slide 18. We continue to believe that we are in the early stages of our protracted recovery in the commercial real estate cycle and that traditional industry growth rates are sustainable. Recent outsourcing revenue growth and our contract win rate leaves us optimistic on its prospects for 2011. Investments sales continue to show good gains and do not show signs of slowing in the near term. Leasing continues to post solid growth on top of a stellar recovery in 2010, during which we believe we increased our share of market. We are now more optimistic regarding our expectations for the global investment management and development services businesses. We continue to target peak of cycle EBITDA margin of 20% for the company and will actually manage the business to get there. We continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $0.95 to $1.05 per share for the full year 2011. Operator, we will now take questions.
Brett White: Sure, Anthony, this is Brett. You know and I’m sure you have looked at the public data that is in the market place regarding leasing in 2010. You saw that we expanded our share in leasing business, both nationally and we believe that are hard to calculate globally. We expect that in 2011 that those share gains will flow through to revenues and we are beginning to see some of that now. We are very optimistic about 2011’s prospects on leasing, even more optimistic for 2012 and 2013. You saw in the statistics that Gill spoke to a few moments ago, that vacancy continue to drop, absorption continues to pick up and more importantly in the forecast like that Gil referenced, you can see that we expect those trends to accelerate in the coming 24 months. So, as the growth leader in commercial leasing business, we expect our lead to not only maintain the gain and we are confident we will do exactly that.
Brett White: First of all, first quarter is a very small quarter, so a small number of significant deals can swing first quarter numbers fairly significantly. For instance, if you go back just one quarter to the fourth quarter and you put the fourth and first quarters together, you see a very different story. You see very-very strong leasing growth for the firm for those two quarters. If topping this business, Anthony, and it’s a little dangerous to draw too many conclusions from a single quarter and I would just again say that look very, very happy with where we sit in leasing share, leasing revenues and, most importantly, leasing profits.
Brett White: Quite a bit left to go there. We are in those markets and we have dedicated and highly specialized teams exploiting those markets, but our expectation of those markets is early days. I think there is enormous amount of clear space there to attack. I think this is something you will see in our business and in others businesses in the years to come. These are big spaces that are fairly new to the big services firms. We have all had niche teams in those phases, as you know (inaudible) Development Company has long-long history in particularly the healthcare space. We all see healthcare as a rapidly growing, even more so now rapidly growing industry and therefore much more light for services businesses, also government whether you like it or not government is going in a great big way, and we also want to take advantage of that, as we have and as you saw that, Anthony, really terrific results that came out of the Northern Virginia and Washington DC last year continued on to this year. Those are probably the tightest and mostly active leasing markets in the country all government driven.
Brett White: I think that’s certainly part of it, Sloan. There's no question that the financing market is going to be active regardless whether properties change hands or not because you've learned, as you well said, you learn for the maturing. In the short run and the long run, we see these two businesses as part of the same space, its investment capital market space and we have skilled professionals doing both those things for the same client. We pitch these things together. We many times win those opportunities together and so we look at it -- we break it out for you this way, we look at it really as one large capital markets activity which has enormous potential over the next few years as the sale market begins to return. So, I don’t want to say that one goes up one goes down because I think they both go up but certainly in this environment you put your finger on a very valid point, which is there's a lot of refinancing going on in a market with out a lot of sales and as sales pick while the refinancings go away those sales of current mortgages as well. So, I think the mortgage business, very bright future, short term, long term, the sales business you know, up hugely in the first quarter and we believe for full year again in 2011 but of small numbers. That sale business has got a lot of room for some pretty aggressive roads in the coming two to three years.
Brett White: Sure. Well, there's a lot ways to grow a share. You can buy it and that’s great and you are not popping your revenues but I think our investors are much more focused on profitability. So, where we're refocused on growing share is leverage our platform is on-boarding clients profitably and building expense behind, as Gil said, don’t expense behind our producers profitably. We don’t subscribe to a strategy of buying share to punish margins and you just know that. Where we were seeing competition in the market place is where we focused and where we focused is capturing new clients. We don’t spend a lot of time chasing down big ticket, very expensive themes from competitors. We are not sure that, I am not sure that really fits our model too well, but there is definitely lot of competition out there. There is a lot of competition probably the client that hits the market both from the multinational global competitor that we have but even more so from the many, many terrific smaller competitors that exist in every market. Going to Anthony’s question earlier again I wouldn’t read too much in to out first quarter number. I pay a lot more attention to longer term trends. Longer term trends are that we are very, very pleased with the size, with the ability, and most importantly the profitability of our leasing business both here in the States and globally.
Brett White: Yes, the only thing that I would add is just to your point there is, we talked that was for years, that this is a very scalable platform. So, we have an ability to onboard revenues in our own market but couldn’t add without a direct onboarding of cost in some cases. So, we can bring on more assignments in the business many times at a very high incremental margin and we talked about, we talk about an aspiration of an EBITDA margin of 20% which has never been done in this industry for many firm of any size. We are confident that we can get there, and that’s as much about scale as it is about anything else. It has cost us one for certain results of scale, and if this business continues to grow you should expect us continue to accrete margin and improve profitability.
Brett White: The mix of the business continues to move towards large institutional players in the capital market, and that shift is highly advantageous to our firm. We’re a big company firm. We do exceptionally well working with large institutions, we have great relationships there; and that shift continues in the investment property sales business and accelerated I believe in the last twelve months as there has been an almost complete lack of financing available. That has really knocked out of the business the mid-tier players, the high net worth individuals who require financing and at the same time has highly advantaged the large institutions that can either create greater financing, bridge financing or don’t need financing. So that’s what the long term trend that’s been the standard for business for many years, that’s also been accelerated the last couple of years. As the market stabilizes as financing becomes available then you should see a larger entry back in investment property space of high net worth individuals, partnerships and so forth. Just to be clear, REITs and corporations are a very small component of the overall investment property market. It’s really all about institutional investors and owners.
Brett White: The improvement in the leasing business is really what or where the improving is occurring is really what I think you’re referring to. Again, the broadening of the business, our platform is ubiquitous. We are everywhere the high quality leasing business occurs and we’re usually the dominant firm in every one of those markets, but the improvement in the leasing business has been very typical for early stage recovery which is it tends to improve first in the very, very largest financial services major urban market places. This last current cycle or the current cycle that we were in for the US, as I mentioned earlier, DC, Northern Virginia was exceptionally strong given the growth of government, but there is no question that we saw leasing recover first in the big markets New York City, Washington DC, Northern Virginia and some of the West Coast markets Chicago and so forth. That improvement is here I can tell you for certain is between January 1, 2011 and January 1, 2013, that improvement will move from a small number of large markets to virtually every market. Where we are in that growth of the improvement I can only tell you at the moment that we don’t have a date in front of me I think it is fare to say that all markets now are beginning to move towards recovery just on more quickly than others.
Brett White: Sure, our broker headcount numbers don't move much. In fact I made this comment before. If you look at a long-term study of our broker headcount what you would find is that our broker headcount in United States for example is actually down from where it was many years ago on a normalized basis for acquisitions. The reason for that is as the business has matured over many years the quality of brokers has increased and firms like ours and other have been able to migrate towards higher quality, higher more productive brokers every year and to weed out those are less productive because the more productive ones can take on all their business and more. The productivity of the brokers right now and may be another way to say your question is the capacity of those brokers to do additional work. I do not want to put a percent capacity that are right now, but I think it is fare to say that there has an enormous amount of capacity in the system right now to onboard additional revenues. If you think about this way the think about a high-ticket broker in New York City who last year billed $10 million in fees that if they are a sale broker that might have been 10 or 12 transactions, they are leasing broker that may be was 15 or 20. The amount of work that would be required to add four deals on the investment property side or four deals on the leasing side, incrementally is not that significant and those brokers do not require much of any additional support to do those transactions. So, all that to say, that we have never in our history have way we thought with maximum capacity of our sales force. I do not know what that number would be we have never seen it. They always have an ability to do more and I would just say that we are on a long ways away from that point at the movement.
Brett White: Sure. Credit is loosening slowly. It’s a very incremental process there’s been no great change and the fourth quarter other than its a little bit better and the fourth quarter was a little bit better than third quarter and so on and so forth. The return of credit to the commercial real estate asset class is going to be a slow process and yet it’s a process that I don’t believe can be diverted. In other words credible continue to loosen and lending will continue to improve in the commercial real estate asset class as the health of the asset class improves. Frankly, it's quite impressive to see the amount of business occurring in the sales side of that outside class given how difficult the credit is to obtain, the underwriting is incredibly stringent. It really eliminates the majority of borrower from being able to tap the credit market. So, as I mentioned earlier, you see a investment property market right now dominated by firms who are not dependent on easy credit. Those firms that are really not active at the moment. This is the trend that will continue to improve over time, but I think an improvement take an other two or three years to get back to what we will consider a normal set of play. Also begun contact 2007 and 2006 was not normal, normal state of play is something tighter in terms of lending standards that we saw then, but something much, much more benevolent or support that we don’t see right now.
Brett White: Great. Well, a good start to the year. I appreciate your support, your time on the call, we will talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Gil Borok: Hi, it's Gil. Those costs are somewhat narrow in scope but it has to do with hiring of direct producers in our fixed cost countries, so in EMEA in particular and in support of those producers. It’s more on the direct side than on the indirect side of the business, and then some cost associated with support of growing revenues. So, a little bit of travel with this promotion, that sort of thing in support of revenue growth.
Gil Borok: No, I think it is all revenue driven and we’ve always said and then we have always managed and continue to manage our costs relative to the revenue line. We are very focused on that side. So, I would say it is 100% revenue driven.
Gil Borok: No, I can't. We don’t quote it that way. If I have to really give you an average I'll give you an absolute number which I am not going to do. There is no average deal. They're all very different. I would only say that as we get close to now 3 billion square feet commercial property being managed either in our Institutional Asset Management Group or Corporate Outsourcing Group, this business has become a mammoth business for CBRE. It's been part of our strategy, if you know, Anthony, for many years. To be the market leader in that space, which we clearly are, and to build a dominant franchise in space which we've clearly done. We believe that outsourcing space is a great place for this firm to take advantage of the platform that we've built both the outsourcing platform but also transactional evaluation, mortgage platform and I think you should expect to see good growth in that business for some time to come. We are very pleased with those results.
Gil Borok: Yes. Depending on where it closes and we have said in the second half, if we will have an impact of what ING will have on the business for 2011 and what we have said previously is that we will have a moderate impact in 2011, and we haven’t really commented on the 2012, it is too early to say and we wouldn’t do that at this point anyway. So, I think just based on timing it is not going to be hugely impactable to the P&L in 2011.
Gil Borok: I don’t know if there’s a lot more for me to add. I mean I think that I could say it a little differently but the same message which is the cost is measured vis-à-vis revenue growth and vis-à-vis support of revenue growth and what matters is the result of those two which is the bottom line EBITDA and margin. If you had some specifics on the numbers, can you just say that again, and I’ll see if I can address it. 
Gil Borok: As you know Brandon, it is hard to say because it is dependent to some degree on a transaction activity, but I would not put a number and I would not say, 'Gee, it is going to you know equal the first quarter or something like that,' but I would say is my sentence there will be improvement in each quarter verses the prior. I say that with a little bit of caution because it is like predicting when the sales transaction will close or leasing transaction will close because it is dependent on property level activity acquisitions primarily, but we are in that phase where there are funds that are acquiring and that generates those type of fees.
