Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our financial performance in the first quarter continues to reflect strong operating momentum and the growing advantages we hold in the marketplace. Those of you who have been following CBRE closely know that we've been focused for some time on a strategy to make CBRE or more balanced and capable enterprise that produces highly differentiated outcomes for our clients. In support of this strategy we have made targeted organic investments and acquisitions aimed at bolstering our talent base, service offering, and operating platform. These investments have allowed us to significantly improve our ability to provide integrated solutions for our clients around the world as well as improving our digital and consultative capabilities. All of this is positioned us to better satisfy or clients and take market share. This was clearly evident in our first quarter results with excellent top and bottom line organic growth across our regional services businesses globally. This growth came against the backdrop of lower sales market volumes in many parts of the world. Our earnings were further enhanced by the steps we took in late 2015 and in 2016 to calibrate our costs while also investing in our strategy. While we are always mindful not to read too much in the first quarter performance CBRE is in a strong competitive position and we are intent on further pressing our advantages for the benefit of our clients, shareholders and employees. Now, Jim will take you through our first quarter results in detail.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks Jim. We are pleased with the excellent performance our people produced in the first quarter. As we look ahead we're increasingly energized about our market position and prospects. We operate in a sector with attractive underlying growth dynamics. The global economy continues to grow at a modest clip and commercial real estate market fundamentals remain sound. This is a generally favorable macro environment for CBRE. Our business has positive momentum and our people supported by our increasingly robust operating platform are well-positioned to capitalize on this environment. At the same time it is important to remember that the first quarter is typically our seasonally lightest quarter for revenue and earnings and the impact of our cost savings actions is particularly pronounced this quarter. As always we caution against extrapolating first quarter performance to the full-year and we are not updating the guidance only three months into the year. With that operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Tony, this is Bob. What we said for this year was that we expected that business to grow give or take 10%, but that we expected the growth to be skewed toward the back half of the year. Reason being is that we came out of a very intense integration over the last 15 months and the focus was integration getting those accounts and those customer relationships where we wanted to get them et cetera, et cetera less than typically focused on growth. Obviously that integration as Jim commented in his remarks is largely behind us now and the focus has returned to more normal things including growth, so we expect - the day you shift that focus, the growth doesn't show up. So we expected our growth to be more back end loaded this year. We were really quite happy with the first quarter growth that 9%.
Robert Sulentic: Yes. I mean leasing isn't growing the way it was in some prior years, but as it relates specifically to our first quarter, one thing we keep in mind is that last year we grew 20% in the first quarter, so that was a pretty tough compare and we grew a little bit this year. In general though we haven't changed our view as to what we think will happen with leasing for the full-year and I think we said mid-to-high single-digit growth and we still think of it the same way.
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Tony, Jim is going to answer that, but before he does, I want to correct what I just said. We didn't say mid-to-high single-digit leasing growth, we said mid single-digit leasing growth. So I just want to make sure that I've corrected that. Jim you want to hit that.
Robert Sulentic: The integration moved through the timeline roughly as we had expected. Mitch it was harder work than we thought. We always tend to underestimate those things. This integration had 16,000 people in 50 countries and lots of clients, so it was hard. But it was very successful and it was successful on the timeline that we had expected it to be. And one of the really nice things we're seeing now is - we are seeing visibly and we measure this. It's really important to know we measure this. We are seeing visibly improving scores with our clients that we acquired in that transaction from where those clients where when we acquire the business, which is what enabling us to continue to be confident at the growth in that business will sustain and pickup as year moves on. And we often get questions about cross-selling. And you know we've been reticent to talk at all about cross-selling into those clients, while we were going to that integration because it was all about doing great work form on what they've hired us to do to-date. We're starting to see some of that opportunity become available to us. So we're feeling pretty darn good about it.
Robert Sulentic: So we have been through a period both in terms of hiring and acquisitions were and Jim's commented on this pretty regularly where we thought things got a little frothy for lack of a better term. We decided to remain [don't] disciplined during that period and we're really glad we did, by the way I think it's clearly showing up in our numbers. But we still on the hiring side, Mitch hired 100 of brokers net of departures last year. If you look at our departures relative to the headcount we have particularly among our senior brokerage ranks, they're very, very low compared to our turnover in almost any other part of the business and frankly compared to turnover in almost any part of any major business. And there's a reason for that, and the reason for that is that we have a business that includes our operating platform, our brand, our clients, our global network that allows the brokers to come here or stay here and generate considerably more volume than they can generate elsewhere. So through all of what was made the headlines particularly last year, we had a great year for recruiting. We had a great year for retention and that has continued into this year. Now our net recruiting numbers through the first quarter of this year are a lot like they were last year, which are strong relative to long-term historic metrics, but down from 2014 and 2015.
Robert Sulentic: Well, we haven't changed our outlook for the year on what we think will happen with investment sales. We saw a different result than the market saw in that business during the first quarter. And I think that was a result of taking market share, but I think the general trends you described over the course of the quarter were a reasonable reflection and we expect to continue to take market share throughout this year and end up the year with good solid performer in that business. And it is worth noting that while the capital markets in investment sales in general are down from where they were particularly in 2015 and before. 2016 and so far this year by historical measures are still pretty good and there is a massive amount of - at our capital, but wants to be in commercial real estate for a bunch of reasons, notably you do get cash flow, fundamentals are strong, rents are in good shape, vacancies are in good shape, there's pressure to grow in many markets. As you've heard from us in our competitors, it's not a loose market for construction loans, which means there's not going to be a lot of new product coming on and there's not a lot of new product in the pipeline, which means that you should see fundamentals remain strong. By the way that's really good news for our development business. So we think it's going to be a solid year for investment sales, but it's not going to be crazy growth like we saw in some prior years.
Robert Sulentic: Well, life companies are strong in the GSCs where we have a big market share or very active. And while the sale of multi-family is off in the first quarter. Refinancing or strong in our business so those things have played well for our mortgage origination business because we're very active in those markets.
Robert Sulentic: Good Jade. We did a nice job in the first quarter across or investment sales business and it's really important to note and Jim in his comment made the point on the lot of volume of transactions we do. There's a significant number of those captured in that RCA data but over half of them aren't and so we have an active business we believe we grew market share across the spectrum of what we do I wouldn't want to say it's at the expense any one group of competitors because we don't have great insight into other than what's published for everybody to see on RCA we don't have great insight into what individual competitors do. And we also don't read too much into one quarter, but I would say the efforts that we're making across our capital markets business both on the loan origination side and the investment sale side across the full spectrum of investment sales performed quite well around the world in the first quarter and probably in most places we took market share.
Robert Sulentic: There's a variety of category say the largest category is that RCA doesn't track sales by users as opposed to investors. So we do with our large corporate business we do a lot of work for companies that are buying real estate for their own use. So those don't show up. There are some that don't show up for size. There are some that don't show up for products. So for example, they don't track land sales and we've got a large land sales business. So it's kind of a number of different categories.
Robert Sulentic: I don't think we've broken that down. It's less than half. We noted RCAs volume caught about less than half of our total transactions. They've captured more on a value of the transactions because they're capturing obviously more of the larger institutional deals, although that's somewhat offset by the fact smaller deals tend to have larger commissions. So from a revenue standpoint they're missing a decent chunk of that revenue that comes to us from that business.
Robert Sulentic: Well, the market - we believe broadly speaking, the market opportunity is the same in the first half and the second half. What happen with us and what we talked about was, we spent the last 15 to 18 months integrating probably the most complex acquisition in the history of our sector, certainly the largest by headcount and certainly the largest by the number of different countries that were involved. And so when you're in that mode, you're filling your pipeline less than you normally would because you're focused on executing existing business is being integrated. So what you're seeing early this year is still the result of us being focused on that integration as we get later into the year. You're seen a reflection of us having turned more and more late last year and early this year to going on off, hence to growing the business and that's what's being reflected, there not a change in the market.
Robert Sulentic: Hey, Brandon. I want to make sure we're understanding your question. Are you saying that because we think the opportunity to do infill M&A maybe getting better again, i.e. the discipline in the market is such that we would be interested in deals given current pricing more than we were last year that we would correspondingly reduce our efforts to recruit.
Robert Sulentic: No. I think the M&A environment doesn't impact our producers much one way or another. Really the number one overwhelming thing that impacts the producers decision particularly producers decision to stay is whether or not they think the opportunity here long-term is better than it is elsewhere. Yes, the signing bonuses have an impact, but when you look at the total number of producers we have and when you look at the top ranks of producers. The headlines don't match up with reality. The huge overwhelming number of our people look at the circumstance and say over time, where can I do better? Where can I serve my clients better? Where can I do more business and where do I feel comfortable with the culture and the colleagues in all of those things? And the M&A environment doesn't change that much. Yes, the recruiting environment out there does change that a little, but that's on the margin. On the whole, if you look at the numbers, it's all about what we have to offer our producers and that's going quite well.
Robert Sulentic: We haven't seen much impact on pricing David, maybe a just very bit on the timing impact on cap rates and prices. We have seen some slowdown in the velocity related to getting deals done. And that's really where we seeing the impact. Any time there's uncertainty about where the markets headed you get that. But again you saw our numbers, it was our first quarter this year was more active than our first quarter last year and well midyear is the equal of 2015 lot of volume, both years we did 1,900 deals in the first quarter.
Robert Sulentic: No, I don't think there's incremental hesitancy. I think you look businesses around, we're in a slow growth environment, but we're in a growth environment. So businesses don't feel that need to secure space to make sure it's there to accommodate lots of future growth, but they do rational levels of leasing to keep pace with their modest growth and that's exactly what we're seeing in the marketplace. We're seeing a lot of financial rigor by companies that's why everybody has good balance sheets. That's one of the reasons we think the expansion has a chance to run for a while. And we're pretty happy with that dynamic and it's playing out nicely for us and it's playing out nicely in our numbers without being radical.
James Groch: Hi, Tony, it's Jim. I don't think the OpEx was actually down, but the growth - but it was not very much and what we're saying is we will continue to see the benefit from our cost savings effort that they were all eventually just with such a small quarter Q1 being the smallest quarter of the year at the same dollar amount as a bigger impact in Q1 and as in Q2.
James Groch: No, the adjusted is about $10 million, but I don't think you can necessarily assume that OpEx won't be up in the next few quarters especially just dealing with larger quarters.
James Groch: Sure. And Tony also on the - just coming back to your first question on OpEx. OpEx for our three Regional Services businesses was up about 2%, when you look at on a consolidated basis, the material impact is the development business is down so much and the comp expense that goes with that brought down OpEx on a consolidated basis. As far as your question on the M&A, even technology deals can look radically different one from one to another, some are profitable operating businesses with certain growth rate others are in a really steep ramp up where there are still unprofitable. So we look at those businesses one by one. And we are really looking at this kind of cash flow over a range of assumptions to underwrite the value of the business.
James Groch: Yes, capital rising has been very, very strong for us and I would say continues to be on a fairly consistent basis. We are seeing maybe as that investor just being careful and thinking about where they're investing in aware of the fact that were we've been in a slow but longer economic recovery than prior cycles that this cycle feels a bit different, but the flows of capital into our investment management business you know have continued quite strong. I think we've mentioned we've raised $8.4 billion of equity in the last you know trailing 12 months which is pretty consistent with what we've been doing on average for the last few years.
James Groch: Yes, so just specifically EBITDA from MSR gains increased $3.7 million for the quarter that was a little more than offset by incremental related amortization of $5 million. So that the net impact for us on the quarter in pretax income was $1.3 million.
James Groch: We don't give that Jade, but what we said if you remember, if you want back to 2014 and 2015, we talked about several hundred brokers net, so we track very closely not only the number of brokers we hire, we track the departures, we track the production of both groups. And we talked about in 2014 and 2015 several hundred brokers net, we talked about the volume slowing down by third or so last year that's been similar this year. I can tell you that the average production of the inbound brokers is larger than the average production of the outbound brokers. By the way this is another one of the things that I think is showing up pretty clearly in our numbers, but we don't give those percentages specifically.
James Groch: So we've just were carried into - GAAP requires that we recognized comp expense associated with an incentive that we expect to get. So we'll assess the fund that maybe we'll run through the numbers on a fund and assess that we've get in carried interest two years from now that we think is going to be a certain amount. The GAAP requires us to book the comp expense which is significant at the time that we're making that estimate. We adjust all of our adjustments in that area that you're asking about is to try to align the comp expense with the timing of when we realize this incentive gains. So when we're reversing an expense like we did in this quarter, it can be from a number of different quarters - if you look back over the last few years, we made adjustments in the other direction. So it's just - that's all it is, it's just to simply match the comp expense with the timing that we actually realize the income from carried interest.
James Groch: Anytime we're making an adjustment up or down it's because we're reassessing a carried interest out into the future as compared to the time that we last made that judgment call, so yes.
James Groch: Jade, first of all, I want to put retail in perspective. It is a very important business to us and we have a substantial network across the country, but it is less than 10% of our Americas revenues. Change is a good thing for us in general when people are growing and adding space that's good, when people are exiting spaces and looking for people offload into that's good. So retail is a good business for us, it has been a good business, continues to be a good business, it's not dominant in our numbers. What we're seeing is a couple trends. Number one, anything that has to do with experience retail food and beverage oriented stuff is in fact quite active. Secondly, anything that's tends to be in and around these were live, play type areas in major cities, the more urban areas is really active and doing well. So we expect that to continue throughout the year. We expect to change to continue. Obviously, e-commerce is having a big impact on that. We do have the opportunity to be consultants to the retailers that we work for and we get called on to do that fairly regularly, that's part of what we do as well. But that's a good solid business for us and we expect that to continue.
James Groch: Sure. Thanks Brandon. I guess I would start with some on the agency side. Both agencies have caps that are roughly similar to what they had last year. Our expectation is both will meet their caps. There is a little more room in the caps around some item, some types of loans that aren't subject to the caps or housing green projects. But all-in-all, our expectation is, it will be another strong year. Our loan volume was down modestly with the GSTs from last year, but I think that's just a matter of timing between quarters. Our volume with Freddie was down a little bit. Our volume with Fannie was up a bit. So the real strength for us in Q1 was driven by the life insurance companies. The numbers quarter-to-quarter can move around a bit with the agencies in particular, but overall we expect it to be in another solid year.
James Groch: Yes, I think we're largely through the benefit of the synergies from within that deal and as we noted we're done our integration and normalization of any remaining cost to be done next quarter. So I think most of that benefit is really flow through now.
James Groch: Well, industrial is strong Brandon, and in general the UK is making a nice comeback. I mean we are seeing good activity there. I think we had a recent survey of clients that showed that London once again was the favored destination for international capital among all major markets around the world. So I would say positive trends and nothing about what's going on with the Brexit situation are giving us major concerns now, and if I were to spike out a property type, it would be industrial for particularly good news.
James Groch: Yes, we're not updating guidance. But we'll take another look at that in Q2, but the numbers you quoted were that were the numbers that we guided too. We are continuing fall in there GWS acquisition. We continue to rationalize entities. Sometimes we can get certain benefits release, tax benefits released as we rationalize entities. So we're doing continued work in that area, but no update yet on that.
James Groch: We did not buyback any stock in the first quarter and we spec ultimately execute on the authorization given by the board, but we've not set any buybacks yet.
