Robert Sulentic: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Lower core EPS in the third quarter reflected a sharp deterioration in the macro environment, particularly with regard to capital availability for transactions. Nevertheless, core EPS was well above any third quarter in our history except for last year's especially strong result. Even in light of a $0.07 drag in this year's quarter from foreign currency effects, this underscores the resiliency we built into the business. In contrast with last year's strong third quarter, the capital markets environment weakened materially as the quarter progressed. Property sales performed in line with expectations in July and August, however, most debt and equity capital sources moved to the sidelines after Labor Day, causing both sales and loan originations to fall sharply. In addition, as expected and previously communicated, we completed far fewer development asset sales this year than in last year's strong third quarter, mostly driven by the front end loading of asset sales this year. We also delayed selling some assets during the third quarter. As we noted last quarter, when market dislocations cause transaction activity to decline, those transactions are typically paused and returned to the market when the uncertainty passes. We took advantage of the temporary market dislocation to continue repurchasing shares at an elevated clip. In contrast with sales and financing, leasing performed very well. Revenue was up across all property types, led by office. In addition, as we discussed previously, many parts of our business are either cyclically resilient or benefit from secular tailwinds. These businesses, including occupier outsourcing, valuations, property management, loan servicing, investment management and project management, posted solid results for the quarter. We plan to further capitalize on our balance sheet to invest in secularly favored parts of our business that add differentiated capabilities. Over the last 2 years, project management, flex office space, renewable energy and industrial and multifamily assets have been at the forefront of those efforts. Going forward, in addition to those areas, we are particularly focused on both enterprise and local facilities management, investment management and the more cyclically resilient advisory business lines, while also continuing our share repurchase program. As we prepare for a tougher operating environment, Emma will discuss how we have already been identifying cost savings, while aiming to continue investments that will sustain long-term growth. Many economists, including our own, have cautioned that the market outlook is especially difficult to forecast right now because of an unusual confluence of high inflation, coupled with strong consumer spending, resilient employment growth amid a tightening credit cycle and residual pandemic and Ukraine war-related challenges. With this caveat in mind, we have updated our full year core EPS growth expectations to be up mid-single digits compared with 2021. Absent the challenging foreign currency comparisons, we expect our 2022 core EPS growth would achieve low double-digit growth over 2021. While economic downturns are never welcome, they present opportunities to consolidate our position as global occupiers and investors, gravitate to the industry leader. We fully intend to make the most of these opportunities. With that, I'll hand the call to Emma for a deeper commentary on the quarter and our outlook.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Tony, that is just a function of the fact that we had 2 things go on, rates went up and spreads went up. Typically, when you see rates go up the way they did, spreads will come down a little, but both of them went up. And people just avoided refinancing because it was so expensive. It's that simple. We had -- and we had that circumstance play out in a way that was beyond what we would have expected. Now here's what I'll say about that. It's going to -- we think in the fourth quarter that you will see financing perform better than new sales. People are just not going to come back and trade assets until interest rates go down and until they think they can get the pricing they want, which will happen after -- in our view, after the Fed starts to go the other direction with interest rates, which we -- which, as Emma said in her prepared remarks, we think may happen later next year. But that's really what you saw happen in Q3 and especially what you saw happen in September.
Robert Sulentic: Tony, when you say how much runway is it until that gets back to normal? Give a little more on that. I want to make sure I understand what you're asking there.
Robert Sulentic: No, no. What's going on is, in fact, that there was -- and we talked about this last quarter, there were abundance of renewals in the marketplace to be done. We'll see that continue this year and into next year. But what we also expect to see now is some downward pressure as we go into a recession. There's always downward pressure on leasing in a recession because people are looking around trying to find ways to defer costs, save money. And so what they -- you have this dynamic that goes on, where they extend for a short period of time, et cetera. So we expect to see some of that come in and leasing to be more flattish in the fourth quarter, but we still expect some of the benefit from the built-up number of renewals that need to be dealt with to occur in the fourth quarter and into next year.
Robert Sulentic: Industrial cap rates like all cap rates have gone up. Industrial fundamentals have remained very strong. They backed off a little bit. We've seen a little bit of downward pressure on rental rates in some areas. We've seen slightly more vacancy, although the fundamentals are very, very strong. The markets held up very well. In the major markets, very little vacancy, strong demand still. So that has created a circumstance where there are buyers for the assets and there are owners of assets and developers, investors and developers that want to sell, but they're just not going to sell in the current environment because cap rates have ticked up and finance is expensive. And in our own portfolio as a developer, we've made the choice to defer sales for some of our assets -- some of our industrial assets. And I think what happened is we've already commented -- or what will happen, as we've already commented. When that circumstance eases, and we think that likely will be the second half of next year, those assets in the pipeline will get sold. Pipelines are very strong. The pipeline of assets that sellers want to sell and buyers want to buy are strong. And we think, starting in the second half of next year, you'll see all of that free up to a degree and start -- that market activity start to happen.
Robert Sulentic: Well, office leasing and Industrious, they share some dynamics but they're different. Industrious provides a capability in the marketplace that's unique. You can get in and out quickly. You can get in and out without capital expenditure. You can adjust the amount of space you have very quickly. You can go into places that you don't intend to be long term. And with all the uncertainty around the use of office space and where it's going to go, Industrious' business has done quite well, and we believe it will continue to do quite well. And we're very excited about that investment and the performance of that investment. We've already commented today on office space. There is what you're seeing in leasing on office space is a pent-up amount of renewal activity and uncertainty about the -- about what's going to happen long term with offices. There's also a big bifurcation in how different parts of the office market are performing with the best buildings. The premier building is doing quite well with rents up and the less quality, less favored buildings suffering much more.
Robert Sulentic: Yes. And that was my comment. That's where I started with Industrious. The trends that Industrious is seeing in the marketplace are very positive. We would characterize it as a record level of interest in that type of space. And it's been subjected to some different dynamics than regular office space. It creates flexibility. It creates the opportunity to get in and out of office space without capital expenditure. It creates the opportunity to get into a smaller amount of space and more convenient locations that you may not want to commit to long term. And as a result, it's doing extremely well.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, I'm going to add to that. That's true of our portfolio, and that's true of everybody else's portfolio in general, those asset sales will happen eventually. The assets are there. They're ready to be moved from one party to another. But the parties aren't going to do that until they feel like they're confident in the fairness of the pricing on the sell side and the buy side and the availability of financing that works.
Robert Sulentic: Not on the long term sense. Nothing at all has changed in that regard. In the short term, you're describing the denominator effect, which we haven't seen it for a long time, but we have seen it before. And it will -- I think we will revert back to the trends we saw previously over the last decade. We're quite confident that will be the case. That's what we're very actively engaged with capital sources around the world, and that's where their head is at. But we do have this short-term circumstance that's precipitated by the debt markets and also the denominate effect, and that's really what we're seeing here and hearing about.
Robert Sulentic: Stephen, there's a number of factors at play there. Whenever you go into periods of financial stress, companies everywhere look for opportunities to save cost. Our outsourcing offering helps them save cost. It's demonstrably able to do that. And so that's helping that capability sell in the marketplace right now. The other thing in times of economic uncertainty is sometimes decision-making is slower. And so while we have this large pipeline, you may see some slower decision-making. The third thing that's going on is we are continually adding to our capability in that area. Our procurement capability is getting better. The data that we can provide clients to help them make decisions is getting much better. We have a product called Vantage Analytics that they like a lot that helps them make decisions that causes them to be attracted to us. Our ability to connect our offering around the world and serve them in a way that's consistent is getting better. So that is all playing to our favor. And that's some of what you've seen come through this year and the buildup of the pipeline and the landing of new business, but the cost factor is always at the top of the list when we dig into that business and figure out what clients really want.
Robert Sulentic: Well, Patrick, one thing that's interesting is how long it's been now since the financial crisis. The cycles that we had previous to that were shorter. And so that kind of impacts people's thinking -- the other thing that impacts people thinking is they forget how deep the financial crisis was and how unusual it was compared to other downturns. But I can tell you what we're seeing now, and we've used this term multiple times on this call pipeline. There is a definitive, identifiable pipeline of projects across property types that want to be sold by the owners. And there is a lot of capital out there that wants to buy and neither of them think this is the right time to transact. That's what you're really seeing. We believe that when interest rates start to go the other direction, when the Fed reverses course because they think that the economy has gotten to a point where continued upward pressure on interest rates goes from being a problem-solving circumstance to a problem creating circumstance that we will see that pipeline start to transact, and it will recover. We can't give an exact number of years, but it will recover considerably more rapidly than it did coming out of the financial crisis.
Robert Sulentic: Yes. Well, Emma commented on the $400 million number. That's the number we believe we can cut without impacting our ability to grow the business and serve our clients in the future. So a lot of work went into -- from the grassroots level up and from top down to identify that $400 million number. And I want to stress again something Emma said, we have a massive amount of our cost basis that flexes automatically when revenues go down, commissions, profit sharing and development and investment management, incentive equity, bonuses, all of that is completely independent of this $400 million, $300 million of which we think will be permanent and $100 million of which we think will come back when things get better. And we don't think that, that $400 million will create problems for our business at all.
Robert Sulentic: Yes, Jade, we'll give a conceptual answer to that. We don't have specific numbers on brokers, but we have had a strong year for brokerage recruiting and it was intentional because we believe that the opportunity to grow that business in the long term is there, and we believe it was the right time to get into the market and bring some new brokers on. So relative to history, it would stack up well relative to our good brokerage recruiting years in the past, but we don't have specific numbers for you on that.
Robert Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for being with us, and we look forward to talking to you again when we report our year-end results.
Emma Giamartino: Chandni, it's something that we're very focused on. And we're working through our budgets right now to really determine what we're expecting in 2023. But from a macro level, if you look back to what we said 90 days ago, we view that we would be in a mild recession and that it would raise would peak in Q1 of 2023, and they would start to alleviate through 2023. Our position now is that things have materially changed. We've seen that impacting our capital markets business directly. We are getting hit harder and faster than we were expecting 90 days ago, and we're expecting the recession to impact our business for longer than we did 90 days ago. And so looking to next year, we do expect the capital markets to come back likely in the second half of the year, but that return is going to be more muted than what we initially expected when we talked to you in Q2.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And Sandy, I'm going to talk about advisory specifically because that's the most relevant piece, I think, what you're speaking to. And hopefully, it's clear what happened in Q3, but I just want to go through that. In Q3, and we have this on Slide 7 as you all saw, I think it's always important to look at our advisory margin, excluding OMSRs. That was 30 basis points of the decline that OMSRs are peer margin. So when they grow, they're adding margin and when they decline, 100% of that margin comes out. The second is we are in -- because of the phenomenal first half of the year we had and the exceptional growth we delivered, our producers entered higher tranches much earlier than they ever have before. So that was 80 basis points of the margin decline. And those tranches reset at the end of the year. So we don't expect that to be a headwind in 2023. And then the 2 remaining pieces are producer recruiting, where we are investing in our future growth in the first half, we delivered again, exceptional growth, and we were investing in our costs to support that growth going forward. And then on the operating expense side, again, we also were investing in new hires. We under-invested in 2021, simply because revenue accelerated faster than we can pick up our investments. And then we also increased -- we had wage inflation just as every other company had. So going forward, what we're seeing looking into Q4, we should expect that operating expense growth continue to come down. If you look at the first half of the year, our operating expense in advisory was up about -- over 19%. In Q3, our operating expenses came down to 10% growth year-over-year. And in Q4, that should -- our operating expense should decline year-over-year, and this is within advisory. And that's -- there's 2 components to how those costs are coming out. One is our discretionary cost levers that we can pull, going back on travel and entertainment, continuing to pull back on new hires. Pulling back on new hires takes longer for that to come into our cost savings, and then our discretionary bonuses. You'll also see some impact from our $400 million cost savings program, but that's going to be a meaningful lag there. Most of those savings, you'll see in 2023, and that's because we take action on reducing headcount. And there is a lag in terms of when those costs come out of the system. So net, where we expect to end the year in advisory, we expect our margin to be over 19% within advisory. Excluding OMSRs, our margin should be over 18%. And that's an important number because that is a record margin, excluding 2021, when our margins were inflated because our costs had not caught up to our revenue growth.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. And so in Q4, across advisory, we're expecting net revenue year-over-year to decline roughly 20%. And so -- but we're also expecting margin expansion because of the cost. So you're right.
Emma Giamartino: Jade, we are seeing the GSEs pick up in this past quarter. They contributed a larger portion of our volumes than they did in the prior quarter. So picked up from 20% of our volume to 25% in the quarter. So they are offsetting some of the declines from private lenders, but the entire market is down. And so even though they are picking up, it's not as material as you might expect.
Emma Giamartino: So the way we think about development and we've provided a range of conversion and that we picked our in-process portfolio, which is currently over $19 billion. And typically, that converts to SOP in the range of 1% to 2% in any given 12-month period. Going into a recession, and this is what we said last quarter going into '23, we'd expect that in a mild recession, we should get to the bottom end of that range, into the 1% range. And that's driven by 2 pieces. One, cap rate expansion so that we're monetizing the assets of a lower return, but also the ability for us to choose, to wait, to sell the assets until the environment improves. We have a really strong balance sheet. We have a really flexible thing. So that allows us to make the decision that we don't want to monetize in a challenging environment, and we don't want to wait to sell. And so it will be at the low end of the 1%. And then if the environment is very challenging, it could dip slightly below that 1%. But that's -- but I want to remind everyone that, that doesn't mean those asset sales and monetizations are going away. So it should then appear in 2024 or whenever as the market recovers.
