Robert E. Sulentic: Thank you, Nick. And please turn to Slide 4. CBRE achieved another quarter of solid growth in the second quarter of 2013. Our performance was especially noteworthy coming against the backdrop of continued weak global economic growth as well as heightened financial market volatility and rising U.S. interest rates following Fed Chairman Bernanke's remarks about the quantitative easing program in late May. Our improved performance amid this macro environment is a testament to our well-balanced service offering and our people's energy and creativity in collaborating across markets and disciplines to produce outstanding results for our clients. Nothing is more important to our company. Overall, revenue growth of 9% was fueled by meaningful improvement in all 3 global regions. We also saw a continued strength in our capital markets and occupier outsourcing businesses. Asia Pacific led the global regions with 16% revenue growth, extending its healthy rebound from a relatively soft first half in 2012. It was particularly gratifying to see a very strong growth in Greater China for the second consecutive quarter. The Americas region achieved 10% revenue growth for the second quarter in a row. Cal Frese, CEO of our Americas business, will take you through these results later. More importantly, he will discuss our strategy for sustaining growth and improving market share through our focus on better serving clients. EMEA also continued to recover from a difficult 2012. Although higher revenue in France and the United Kingdom was tempered by the recessionary environment across most of Continental Europe, overall revenue in the region rose 9%. Turning to our global service lines. The capital markets-based businesses continued to be growth engines for us. Global property sales revenue rose 20% and was driven by Asia Pacific and the Americas. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue improved 22% as investor appetite for debt financing remained strong throughout the quarter despite the long-term interest rates spike later in the period. Appraisal & Valuation revenue, which is closely tied to investment activity, improved 10% led by Asia Pacific. Real estate outsourcing continues to be a growth catalyst as well. Overall, property, facilities and project management revenue rose 11% globally with notable strength in EMEA. Our Global Corporate Services or GCS business, which is our occupier outsourcing service lines saw revenues rise 11% globally. GCS revenue generally includes commissions from sales and lease transactions associated with GCS accounts in addition to facilities and project management fees. A high degree of occupier caution amid weak global economic growth continued to restrain global leasing performance. Despite generally soft market conditions, however, global leasing revenue rose 4% paced by the Americas. Achieving more robust growth in leasing -- in our leasing business despite the lackluster macro microenvironment is one of CBRE's strategic priorities. As planned, last month we paid down all $450 million of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes due in 2017. This was the final step in our recent refinancing actions that have materially lower our annualized interest expense while nearly doubling our borrowing capacity. These actions have markedly strengthened our financial position and have given us increased flexibility to execute our growth strategy. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gil who will review the quarter's financial results and discuss the refinancing actions in more detail.
Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 21. As we reached the year's midway point, we see that our performance in 2013 is generally unfolding consistent with our expectations. Like many business people around the world, we continue to be disappointed in the lack of sustained improvement in the global economy. The more recent heightened concerns about the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policies have added another dimension to existing challenges. Nonetheless, CBRE's strengths including our brand, people, flexible capital structure and balanced service offering give us confidence in our continued success amid historically slow and uneven market recovery. We remain highly focused on improving our industry-leading margins while making the kind of operational investments that will help us to better serve our clients and execute our growth strategy. CBRE remains on course to achieve full year revenue growth in the mid- to high single digits, consistent with our long-term business model. Among our major business lines, we expect that property sales will remain strong. Even with slightly higher borrowing costs, institutional and entrepreneurial investors remain highly attracted to the yields available from commercial property relative to other income-oriented investments. Property, facilities and project management services should sustain steady low double-digit growth rates, paced by growing global adoption of occupier outsourcing. Leasing should gain momentum as we realize the benefits of our strategic growth initiatives in this business and underlying fundamentals continue to slowly heal. Investment Management should produce significant carried interest revenue, much of which was anticipated in our initial expectations for 2013. We continue to expect margins to expand by around 50 basis points for the full year, driven by contributions from our Investment Management business as well as the normal acceleration in transaction services activity in the second half of the year. We also remain disciplined around managing operating expenses to a level appropriate given revenue expectations. In light of the strong current sales environment and the opportunity this affords to harvest gains in our Investment Management portfolio, we may exceed our initial expectations for carried interest revenue for the full year. If this happens, we could modestly exceed our original expectations of earnings per share, as adjusted, of $1.40 to $1.45 for the full year 2013. With that, operator, we'll take questions.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, Brandon, Cal Frese runs our Americas. He's obviously with us today, and the biggest bulk of our brokers work for Cal. So I think he's the best one to answer that. And then I'll -- when he's done with that, I'll add on for EMEA and Asia Pacific.
Robert E. Sulentic: And Brandon, this is Bob, adding on with regarding to EMEA and Asia Pacific. It's -- the philosophy we're -- and initiatives we're following in Americas we're following around the world. And we're meeting with success adding good people to our team everywhere. We've -- last quarter, we had Jack Durburg on the call, our Global President of Brokerage. And what we've asked Jack to do for us is to drive this initiative around the world. So we're seeing around the world what Cal is seeing here in Americas and we're quite pleased with it. When we talk about this incremental investment in our business, this is one of the areas we're really focused on, is adding production talent. In addition to that, we're adding management talent and investing in technology and some other platform aspects of our business. But we're really focused on adding production talent.
Robert E. Sulentic: And I would only add to that by saying that there's the environment we operating in and then there's what we're doing within that environment. And this kind of links back into that first question, Brandon, and that is we are aggressively working to improve our capabilities. We're starting to feel that in our results. And so we're hopeful and expecting that the markets will act around the world the way Cal has described. We're also hoping and expecting that we'll perform a little bit better than that because of some of the steps we've taken.
Robert E. Sulentic: Joe, this is Bob, let me comment on that and then Gil will probably have some follow-on. First of all, part of what you're seeing in our margins this quarter and you will see in our margins throughout this year is this choice we've made about incremental investments in our business. And we very specifically and very strategically and with the endorsement of our board, I might add, put a program in place to invest incrementally in our business because we think we're situated in the marketplace such that we can really benefit from those investments. So investments in talent, investments in some local market managers to drive the business, investments in IT and research and things like that in our platform. We've articulated in the first quarter and I'll repeat here, we think that the net incremental investment for the year is about $40 million. We think that'll have an impact on our margins for the year of about 80 basis points relative to what they would have otherwise been in the second -- excuse me, for about 50 basis points for the year. In the second quarter, we think that impact was about 80 basis points. We are very, very focused on those investments. So when you look this year at the margin associated with incremental dollars of revenue, you're going to see something slightly different than you would have seen from us historically and probably something slightly different than you're going to see from us prospectively, because this is a year where we're ramping up and catching up a little, making some investments that we need to make. So that's part of what you're seeing in those numbers. And Gil, I don't know what you'd want to add to that.
Robert E. Sulentic: What we've talked about is where we think we're going to get to this year, Joe, which is 50 basis points of margin, increment above last year after taking into account those investments. And again, we think those investments are going to cost us about 50 basis points of margin this year. So said differently, we would have expanded about 1% this year in the absence of those investments.
Robert E. Sulentic: What we do know is that in the second quarter, the volume of leases we did was up slightly and the size of those leases in terms of dollars was up slightly. So you had the cumulative effect of those 2 things. But that's an aggregate answer for what we saw around the world and across product types.
Robert E. Sulentic: And let me say, Will, we talk about the investments we're ranking. The investments that Cal and Gil and I have been talking about so far in this call are income statement investments. We're forgoing some short-term income. We also have an aggressive plan for making balance sheet investments with our capital. We're co-investing in our Investment Management business. We're co-investing in our development business. We're -- we have M&A we're looking at and we were doing capital expenditures for technologies. So all of that's going to play into that net debt picture between now and the end of the year.
Robert E. Sulentic: Will, I'd say, this is Bob. I'd say for EMEA, that's where we're at as well. We think that the second half should be better. London is such an important part of the business, not only for ourselves but for the companies we compete with over there. And there's reason to think that, that would improve in the second half. Germany, same thing. Obviously, Southern Europe, Spain, Italy is challenged, but that's not as big a part as our -- of our business. We're waiting to see what's going to happen in France, and in particular, in Paris. But I think, on balance, we think it should be a little better in EMEA in the second half. Asia Pacific is a little bit different story. The domestic companies and the domestic part of the economy is where there is more activity now and the global companies that operate there, the multinationals or the companies where we're seeing less activity, the global real estate companies like ourselves tend to do more of our business with those global companies. And as a result, we're less inclined to think that there's going to be a material pickup in the second half in Asia Pacific than we are here in the United States or in EMEA.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, it depends on the situation surrounding it. If it's akin to a pickup -- a material pickup in economic activity and the economy getting better, as my colleague Cal Frese likes to say, it's hard not to feel good about the things that improved economy would do in our business -- to our business. So we think if there's a material spike up in interest rates, it's probably going to be because there's a materially better view about what's going on in the economy. And so, we believe that, historically, that's kind of in the case. If there was something else going on beyond that, that wasn't tied to the economy then at some point that would be, in all probability, a drag on the capital markets because there are significant number of leverage buyers out there. It also though, always depends on what the alternative investment classes they are doing that are available to investors, and real estate is becoming an increasingly accepted investment class. Cal, I don't know if you would...
Robert E. Sulentic: The other -- I think the other interesting about this, David, is that the place where we think we're most vulnerable to dampening an investment property's activity from increased interest rates is in the second tier markets. Because the first -- the primary markets around the world are being driven by other dynamics, the value of properties. So we think it's the second tier markets where you'll see the biggest impact from interest rates. Ironically, we also think it's the second tier markets where we'll see the biggest impact from an improved economy. So those 2 things really should offset each other to a degree. Obviously, if either into that gets extreme relative to the other, you're going to get results that reflect that.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, this year. Well, dispositions are going to be very material. There is a chance that we could ramp up acquisitions to be on par with dispositions. But the general repetition of our leadership team in the Investment Management business is that this is a year we're going to be harvesting because our clients want us to be harvesting. And then we think that starting next year, you'll see the opposite effect take place. But we are in an aggressive harvest mode because that's what the investors did. We work for one.
Gil Borok: Thank you, Bob. Please advance to Slide 5. Total revenue was approximately $1.75 billion for the second quarter of 2013, up 9% from last year. This increase is at the upper end of our expectations for long-term growth and was generally well balanced among service lines with good growth around the world. Cost of services increased to 58.5% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2013 versus 56.7% in the second quarter of 2012. This increase was driven by declining transaction revenue in a few geographies that have a largely fixed cost structure and lower revenue in our principal businesses where all costs are classified as operating expense. Largely, because of this, cost of services did not decline commensurate with revenue. Second quarter 2013 operating expenses were 28.7% of total revenue, down from 30.1% in the second quarter of 2012. It should be noted that $9.1 million of integration and other costs related to the ING REIM acquisition were included in the second quarter of 2012 while there were no such costs in the second quarter of 2013. Excluding integration costs, operating expenses were 29.6% of revenue in the second quarter of 2012. The current year decrease was achieved despite incremental investments in our operating platform. Interest expense was down 15% versus the second quarter of 2012, reflecting the effects of our refinancing activities this year. In the second quarter of 2013, we normalized costs totaling $42.7 million associated with the early redemption of our $450 million 11.625% senior subordinated notes. Our second quarter 2013 tax rate was approximately 40%, consistent with the second quarter of 2012. The tax rate this quarter was elevated due to a shift in earnings to higher tax jurisdictions and losses in certain countries in Europe where no tax benefit could be provided. However, as we have previously noted, we have been focused on the tax efficiency of our legal entity and operating structure. Given this and the normal seasonality of our transaction revenue, we expect the full year 2013 tax rate to approximate 35%. Depreciation and amortization expense rose by approximately $5 million to $43.6 million, driven by increased technology-related capital expenditures and mortgage servicing rights. Adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 15% to $0.31 in the second quarter of 2013 from $0.27 in the second quarter of 2012. However, costs associated with the early redemption of the 11.625% notes reduced GAAP earnings per share by $0.08. As a result, second quarter 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.21 compared with $0.23 in last year's second quarter. Normalized EBITDA rose 10% to $243.1 million in the second quarter of 2013, resulting in a normalized EBITDA margin of 13.9%, a slight improvement from 13.8% in the second quarter of 2012. Please turn to Slide 6. Property, facilities and project management revenue increased 11% for the quarter. It was once again our largest service line, representing 35% of total revenue. Leasing was our second largest service line, comprising 28% of total revenue for the quarter. Overall, leasing growth was moderate at 4%, reflecting continued occupier caution in many parts of the world. However, in light of the macro environment, we were pleased to see leasing revenue improve in local currencies in all 3 global regions. Property sales grew by 20% in the second quarter of 2013 paced by Asia Pacific and the Americas. This reflects healthy growth at a time when investment markets in much of the world remain challenged. Global Investment Management revenue decreased 1% versus the prior year period. We will discuss these results in detail later. Appraisal & Valuation revenue increased 10% for the quarter. While growth was achieved in all 3 global regions, it was especially strong in Asia Pacific. Commercial Mortgage Brokerage revenue grew 22% year-over-year. U.S. loan origination activity was robust through the quarter notwithstanding the long-term interest rate rise late in the period. Development Services revenue decreased 19% to $12.6 million, attributable to lower rental income resulting from property dispositions. Recurring revenue comprised approximately 61% of total revenue for the same quarter of 2013. This included leasing commissions from existing clients, property and facilities management fees, asset management fees and loan servicing fees, which are all largely recurring. Please turn to Slide 7, which shows the continued steady forward vacancy rates and ongoing positive absorption, trends that CBRE economists expect to continue over the next 24 months. Average national cap rates remained relatively stable in the second quarter of 2013 versus both the second quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013. Year-over-year volumes improved in all 3 property sectors, most notably in office. I'll now hand the call over to Cal who will address our Americas performance and strategy.
Gil Borok: You did. So you've got a couple of things going on that are affecting the move in terms of cost of services versus revenue. And essentially, as you know, cost of services in general will move with revenue, particularly when it's commission based or transaction based, less so in the outsourcing business. But we had a revenue decrease in the principal businesses, which have no cost of services component. So when you have a revenue decrease, their cost of services is not moving down there because it's all in OpEx. And then we also had 1 or 2 countries, in particular, that have more fixed cost structures than, let's say, using the U.S. as a compare where we have a commission structure. We've got a couple of countries where revenue was down, but cost was not down commensurate with revenue. And that's having any impact, if you will, on the ratio of cost of services to revenue because they're not moving in like kind in those 2 instances.
Gil Borok: Yes, the only thing I would add for you to consider, of course, is we're in the second quarter and it's a 90-day period. And so what you were sort of suggesting in terms of as the year goes on, it is true that the pie shift naturally with the seasonality of the transaction business. And accordingly, the impact on a full year basis will be different than on -- just on the second quarter or the first quarter.
Gil Borok: Joe, the short answer is essentially it's still a volume velocity driver. So it's really more about the number of transactions being up because the rental rates are up in some places, but in the U.S. they're up a little bit, not very much; and in Europe, they're pretty much flat; and I think more or less the same for Asia. So it's really still about volume more than anything else.
Gil Borok: Well, no. The only statement that we've made is naturally net debt will go down as the year progresses because of the seasonality. But we haven't given a number in terms the way net debt would be at 12/31.
Gil Borok: Well, the incremental -- if there is an incremental, it's purely related to CBRE global investors and carried interest. That's got nothing to do with capital markets. So just to be clear, it's all about the potential for carried interest that we see as high. That's what's driving that comment about the flexibility of exceeding where we're at.
Calvin W. Frese: Hey, Brandon. I guess as we've talked about before, we have an aggressive strategy right now to be attracting A players into gaps and open spaces in our platform. And through June, we have attracted approximately 100 new professionals into the business. Now, I have to say that our strategy is not to bulk up here but to really add key players in key markets or key sectors in the business. We think that, that track record will continue over the course of the year. And we feel good about our ability to attract new people into the industry.
Calvin W. Frese: Can I jump and grab that again? We're watching this obviously very closely, I'd say, day-to-day, but it seems hour-to-hour in some ways. But based on the anecdotal evidence so far, I think we've seen relatively minimal impact on really either pricing or volumes to date, particularly for core assets and in those gateway cities. When you think about it, the capital remains abundant, particularly again for core assets. Real estate remains an attractive asset class for the traditional reasons of diversification and inflation hedge, but also importantly, continues to offer attractive returns relative to other asset classes. So we believe a modestly improving economy will continue to trend of improving fundamentals, which will help. So all in all, we think the second half should continue to be strong in the capital markets business.
Calvin W. Frese: All I would add is that I think that of those contracts, most of them actually had an Americas component to them. But what we're seeing in our pipeline is larger opportunities with international pieces to them. So it's all been pretty good.
Calvin W. Frese: Can I just -- do you mind if I -- this is Cal, CEO of the Americas. I simply would say that there's tremendous alignment among the management team on these strategic investments that Bob's talking about. And everyone across the world is intensely focused on managing the business extremely carefully because we're laying in these strategic investments, which we believe will be high-yield investments. So we're on it. I think we have this reputation. I've been here for 15 years and was COO of the Americas at one point in my career and we're very focused on running an efficient business.
Calvin W. Frese: Let me start in the Americas. We did, at the beginning of the year, forecast that the economy would improve during the year and leasing would get stronger as the year progressed. And really, notwithstanding the choppiness that we see today, anecdotally and from everything we see in market, we continue to believe the second half will be better. Job growth and improvement in housing are having impact on the consumer and the related specialties, particularly warehousing and retail sentiment, is improving based on what's happening in Europe. Sovereign debt issues and consumer confidence is actually higher today than 1 year ago and it's at a 5-year high. So with real estate fundamentals improving and the activity levels that we see, we really have a general confidence that the second half is going to be better.
Calvin W. Frese: I would only say that what happened in June was abrupt, but anticipated. And I think the world was ready for it. I'm not saying it hasn't had any impact. But again, anecdotally, looking at our own volumes, and demand in the capital and the business, we seem to feel that's pretty good. I think people reasonably expect that interest rates could continue to rise, but so long as they do that in a way that people can anticipate and manage into their forward-looking outlooks, then it can cause a pause from time-to-time, but it is manageable. And we've seen this over every cycle.
Calvin W. Frese: Yes, it's not high single digits. It's -- it'll be in the middle range, maybe improved over where we are. But remember, we're in the low single digit at this point in the U.S. in particular. And so I think there'll be some improvement with an improving economy, but not dramatic. And again, we believe we're outperforming the overall activity in the market and we believe that, that will continue as well.
