Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. CBRE's excellent start to 2015 extended into the second quarter. Our business exhibited broad strength around the world and we continue to execute our strategy and our people create real competitive advantages for our clients. We were pleased to once again produced double-digit growth rates on the top and bottom lines.  Our growth was especially impressive, coming at a time when foreign currency exchange rates worked against us significantly. In local currency, our increases of 19% in revenue and 22% in normalized EBITDA are among our best on record, adjusted earnings per share, while up strongly at 17%, would have increased by more than 30% but for the currency effects. Our regional services businesses, the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific, drove our strong performance during the quarter. We continue to invest prudently in recruiting, M&A, platform enhancements and strategic initiatives to ensure that we're always providing best-in-class service for our clients and driving profitable growth for our business. The benefits of these efforts were very clear in the second quarter. Each of our three regions turned in exceptional results, with high teens or better revenue growth in local currency, positive operating leverage and strong margins. While achieving robust growth and remaining riveted on client service, we continued our progress toward completing the acquisition of the Global Workplace Solutions business from Johnson Controls. We remain on course to complete this transaction later this quarter or early next quarter and are very enthusiastic about the opportunities it will afford us to deepen our relationships with many the world's largest corporations. A final highlight of the quarter was CBRE's performance in The Barron's 500 ranking, published in May. Barron's uses detailed analytics to evaluate the financial performance of the 500 largest U.S.-based corporations. We're extremely pleased to be number two on this prestigious ranking this year, up from number seven last year. This is a great testament to the hard work our people are doing every day to create value for our clients and our shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Jim, who will describe our second quarter performance in greater detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. At the midpoint of 2015, CBRE is on course for another year of very strong financial performance. We're intensely focused on executing our strategy to sustain long-term secular growth and further extend our position as the industry leader. During the first half of 2015, we completed three infill acquisitions that enhanced our service offering and we continued to lay the groundwork for the smooth integration of Global Workplace Solutions later this year. This business is perfectly aligned with our strategy of helping large global clients to meet their objectives under long-term contractual relationships. We also continued to selectively upgrade and expand our talent base. Brokerage recruiting is running at a brisk pace again this year. We're capitalizing on the growing recognition that CBRE affords the industry's top professionals the opportunity to better serve their clients and build their careers. Finally, as Jim reviewed earlier, we're in a very strong position financially. As we start the second half, we're positive on our outlook for the remainder of 2015 and believe our full-year performance is likely to be toward the upper end of our guidance range of $1.90 to $1.95 adjusted earnings per share. Our business has positive underlying momentum and we're seeing great benefit from the steps we have taken to enhance our service delivery for clients and fortify our market position. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Bob Sulentic: We did have a good quarter in EMEA after a tough quarter, as you know and that part of the world is particularly impacted by FX. The business has picked up momentum and we believe that we will have a strong second half there. Obviously, we're not providing separate guidance on what might happen in any one of our geographic regions, but we do feel good about the momentum in the business. And it goes beyond the UK. We're seeing good momentum in several of the other countries there, as Jim noted in his comments, so we should see a good second half there.
Bob Sulentic: Brad, I was over in Europe last week with our EMEA leadership team and they are not feeling threatened by the macro circumstances you are describing. Obviously, they are watching them and they watch them more closely than we do from over here and they have insight from interface with local business people and so forth, but they are not feeling threatened by that and in general, feeling good momentum, as I said to Tony, good momentum, not only in the UK but in businesses around Europe. So you never know where surprises might come from, but for the moment everything we're seeing is being taken on board and that economy, broadly speaking, is now growing and activity in our sector is picking up leasing, as well as capital markets which has already picked up, so we're feeling pretty good about it right now.
Bob Sulentic: The situation is a little different in Asia Pacific than it is in EMEA. Everything is relative, so our folks in Asia Pacific, while that part of the world is still growing faster than the rest of the world, relative to historic standards that they've set, it's not as exciting, so I would say that they are feeling solid, but there is not the same enthusiasm about the relative movement in the market as there is in EMEA. Of course, the leasing in general is moving solid, not spectacular in Asia Pacific capital markets, a lot of capital wants to go there. There is a challenge around lack of product in some markets so there is not a feeling of being threatened by the macro circumstances there, but on a relative basis, EMEA probably has a little more momentum now than Asia Pacific.
Bob Sulentic: Mitch, it brings in 100 relationships, many of which we have already, 100-plus relationships, but many of those we don't have on a contractual basis. So as you know, because of the skill of our business, we do business in one way or another with most companies around the world today, but GWS had large contractual relationships with a substantial number of corporations that we had one-off relationships with, so very, very different relationships going forward and a very important part of this deal.
Bob Sulentic: There are two kinds of cross-sell that will come from that combination. One is what GWS can do for the clients we have that we're not doing today and then the other is what we can do for the clients they have that they're not doing today, so there is big opportunity in both directions. The first order of business, of course, is for us to get the businesses combined and do great work with what we're already doing and that is where our focus is right now. But we do think there is both kinds of revenue synergy opportunities. There is technical services that GWS should be able to provide for us in many places of the world, many clients. Then obviously, they didn't have a material transaction business and we think there is opportunity, if we do great work for those clients over time, to do quite a bit of transaction work for them. So we look at that in both directions, but the starting point is great job at what we're already doing for those clients.
Bob Sulentic: David, we don't have that. That is a great question and it would be nice to have that statistic at our fingertips but we don't and so we can't answer it up specifically. I will tell you what we're seeing. The prices are good so a lot of people are trading and there is a lot of capital out there so a lot of people are trading. That is part of why prices are good. But there is also -- once people acquire assets, there is a desire to keep them and work them and so on and so forth. So you have dynamics on both sides of that question, some pushing for a quicker turnover, some pushing for longer hold. Where the math works out, we just don't have -- we haven't researched that and don't have an answer ready for you.
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, it is consistent with the last couple of years. We've commented that the last couple of years have been long-term records for us, so we're encouraged by it. We're not really surprised by it because we work very hard at it and we have done some things with the business that make it a more attractive place for brokers to come and I would say meaningfully so. We expect to, given the work we're doing and given the business we've built and the ability of brokers to come over here and produce more than they can produce in other places and do things for their clients that it is harder for them to do in other places, we expect to see that momentum continue and it is an important part of our strategy.
Bob Sulentic: Brandon, that is a circumstance that we're precluded from essentially selling at this point. The two companies, until they are combined, have to market separately. Obviously, we have a point of view on what will happen and when you go back to Jim's comments and mine on the trends we're seeing in these contracts, we believe that'll be pretty powerful combination when it is added together but we're not able to enjoy that yet.
Bob Sulentic: I can't comment on the margin specifically, but I would say it's definitely one of the areas within that business where we have seen strong growth. And we had significant capabilities already in that area before the acquisition of Norland. Norland had a -- probably almost one-third of their business that was totally focused on these types of critical facilities. GWS has considerable focus and expertise, as well, in a variety of critical facilities -- not only data centers, but also laboratories and other critical facilities, so that our base of capabilities has continued to improve and the market has been pretty open for us there.
Jim Groch: Tony, this is Jim. We're up now eight quarters, double-digit, on leasing in the Americas, so it is still relatively early in the recovery stage but it continues to move strongly. It was up 11% in local currency and we're up probably about 15% year-to-date, so it is pretty consistent with our guidance for the year so far on the leasing.
Jim Groch: No, leasing is still relatively early stages. If you think back, we've only recovered the jobs we lost at the last recession in April of last year and it is the pick-up in jobs that has been at a modest pace but steady that's helped slowly improved rental rates and that has provided some fuel behind the business, but it feels relatively early still.
Jim Groch: When we announced the deal, we mentioned that we anticipated funding some with cash, probably somewhere in the range of about one-third and the rest with debt. We can't provide more insight than that right now.
Jim Groch: It is a little hard to predict the volume but we do think we will be down in the second half versus the prior year, probably in the range of $10 million to $20 million, but that is our best view as of now.
Jim Groch: Brad, Q2 was definitely hit by number of things. I would say, the performance of the REIT market was a big one. It was down over 10%, the market, the index was down over 10% in Q2 and that's compared to being up 7% in Q2 on the prior year. That compare hits us in a few different places. It resulted in us not achieving some incentives that we had anticipated. It reduced some of the fees off the base business and then that 17% swing resulted in us marking to market our co-investments which was not immaterial. We have about $60 million or so of co-investments in that business. So the combination of those three, I would say, was somewhat of an anomalistic impact. FX also the business. It is pretty heavily weighted to Europe. Those are the primary factors that hit it for the quarter. And as I said in the opening, we do believe that our guidance for the year which we gave on a combined basis for the development business and investment management business, still appears to be on track.
Jim Groch: It is but we're not expecting that to have a material swing on the numbers for the period of time that we will have the business.
Jim Groch: We won't be giving guidance on that for next year until we're ready to give guidance for the year just in our normal course activity.
Jim Groch: I would say the pipeline is just as active. As we've commented over the last year or so, we've become increasingly particular about the deals and the deal structures that we're looking at. Walking away from deals, we think the pricing is out of whack, but the pipeline is still quite solid. We signed GWS in the first half and closed three infill acquisitions, slightly slower pace than normally without a large transaction, but we feel pretty good about the pipeline and we will continue to do infill, probably at a pretty similar rate to what we have done when we're not in the midst of a large closing.
Jim Groch: We're ahead of our plan on that basis and we look at it, if we back out of the regional businesses, the year-over-year gains from servicing rights and the impact of FX, we're up about 100 basis points which we feel great about. We will have a little tougher compare as we get into the second half, particularly on the servicing side, but we feel good about where we're at and we're a little bit ahead of our pace for the year.
Jim Groch: Our guidance was that the two of them would be roughly flat to the prior year combined and we still believe we're on target to that guidance.
Jim Groch: Yes, it is a second-half headwind, as far as in comparison to the figures for that from second half prior-year.
Jim Groch: Bob, the only thing I would add to that is just that as the depth and breadth of our capability set has continued to expand, the same thing has happened with the size -- the depth and breadth of the assignment. So as we have become more capable to do more things for our clients, we're seeing those opportunities open up, that clients are smart and well-informed as to our capability sets and that has helped to drive larger more complicated accounts with more services and critical facilities, was one that you mentioned. That has picked up simply because we've picked up capabilities in that area and continue to improve.
Jim Groch: I don't think it is going to have much impact. We will probably be carrying some extra interest expense, as we're likely to have some financing expense that will be -- even some weeks of interest expense, when you're only holding a business for, call it, a few months, can have an impact. So we're assuming modest if any -- call it $0.01, maybe, impact from GWS, but that is a very rough estimate at this point. It could be impacted by the timing of the closing.
