Bob Sulentic: Tony, it’s been happening for a while. It’s become a little more pronounced, and we think it’s going to go into next year. What’s causing it is we don’t have a recession. Everybody knows that we don’t have the kind of financial problems we’ve had in prior cycles. But we have a lot of uncertainty, and we have uncertainty around the cost of capital, which causes companies of all types to be careful about their expenditures that would run through their income statement. Of course, the minute that happens, they are cautious about leasing. We don’t think it’s going to become materially more pronounced than it is now. And as we’ve said, we think now when we get to the back half of next year, things will recover. That’s where we are. I think what’s notable is to slow down on behalf of big absorbers of industrial space. We went through an extended period where not only were they taking space to support their growth, some of them were taking space to hedge against future growth. They are now burning through that space. And when that’s done, we will start to see leasing come back by those big industrial users. It is notable that we still only have 4% vacancy in industrial space. So they’ll get back to being careful to make sure they have adequate inventory.
Bob Sulentic: Uncertainty around interest rates is one really prominent fact and the expectation that they are now going to come down later than we previously thought. Number two, there is still a view that values are going to come down some that private privately held assets haven’t come into line yet and maybe another 5% to 10% decline in asset values. But Steve, I really think it’s important to remember this about our business. Those assets are real, and they are held by investors, and there is buyers with massive amounts of capital. Waiting to make trades when those two things sort out, we will get back to an active trading environment. It’s not like some things that go away and never come back, right? The assets are there. The base of assets is actually growing and the people that hold the assets, there is a significant number of them and a significant volume of them that want to trade those assets with buyers ready to go. And buyers are watching closely the interest rates and watching closely the valuations and things are starting to come in-line to the point where we think there will be trading again in the second half of next year.
Bob Sulentic: It’s – it could be in some areas, Jade, but we think that what’s going on with office space has kind of settled out, right? Rates have come way down, users of office space have backed off, people that want premium office space for the experience side of things for their employees are going after it and we think they’ll continue to go after it into next year. We think industrial has slowed down for a time being. It will come back to the back half of next year, and I think you commented already, retail’s mixed. But there is a lot of retail activity in the economy now, and there is reason to believe that, that will kind of sustain the way it is now.
Bob Sulentic: Well, when the economy slows down, the company’s focus intensely on cost. And when they focus on cost, they think about having somebody like us, us more than anybody else handle their real estate facilities for them because we save them money. That is an absolute front and center dimension of that business. Where you see things slow down is capital expenditures, which can hit project management, but there is so much momentum around various parts of our project management business related to enhancing the experience for clients in the office space that companies have, which is a big deal for them now, and we think that’s going to continue to be a big deal. We think that will offset the focus on reducing capital expenditures. Also, that project management business, as you know, does a lot of stuff in the infrastructure, green energy, etcetera, areas. And so we think that there is offsetting factors there that will allow that business to continue to grow to double-digit rates. So the bottom line is, I don’t think what we’re seeing in the economy and the uncertainty in the economy would push that down below being a double-digit grower next year.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Our underwriting that we do across our REI business for the acquisition of existing assets and for the investment in the co-investment and development deals is all driven by interest rates that we think will be available to us when we capitalize those projects. It’s – there is great attention paid to that and a lot of study around that by our research people and Chief Economist office, etcetera. So what’s in those underwritings is reflective of that view. What’s going to – we commented a little earlier, what’s going to drive the sale of assets is the stabilization or decline in interest rates and the general view that values have bottomed out. And again, we now think that timing is second half of next year. And we do think prices are going to come down a bit more, maybe as much as 10%.
Bob Sulentic: Well, this – what typically happens in an environment like this and what is definitively happening now on the development side, where the investments we make are largely acquiring land for future development. Landholders often landholders that bought that land to develop it, you can’t develop it because they can’t get the capital to develop it or they don’t have the capital themselves to make the co-investment needed to develop it. And so good land sites that otherwise wouldn’t have been available become available. And because of our position in two ways, our balance sheet, plus the stable of really strong developers we have in local markets. We identify opportunities of this nature. We’re in the market all the time, up and down cycles. We know the land sites that are good. We know the land sites that we would have liked to have gotten that we didn’t get. And what we do is we go back because we now have the capital to take those land sites down, we go back and try to secure some of those sites. And cycle after cycle, what you see is that it’s the acquisition of those land sites and the development deals that result from those land sites that become your best profit deals. And as Emma said earlier, we’re focused on multifamily and industrial there. On the investment management side, we think this is a good point in the cycle to look at value add and opportunistic. So, we have an opportunistic fund run out of the UK that’s got a very, very strong track record that we have made a significant commitment to with our own balance sheet to raise the next fund to do investments in real estate secondaries and we are very excited about that opportunity. And then we have three value-add businesses, one in each region of the world U.S., EMEA and Asia Pacific, all of which were providing co-investment to do our next fund in, all of which we see lots of opportunity in. So, that’s our co-investment strategy. That’s what – when we talk about $370 million year-to-date, that’s where we have invested. And we are well positioned to continue to invest.
Bob Sulentic: Well, there is – clearly, there is movement into cash and cash return – you can get returns on that, that you couldn’t get previously, so secured debt, etcetera. There is no doubt that, that dynamic is at play in what’s going on with the non-traded REITs, etcetera and core assets. But people are ready to get back into real estate when things sort out. There is just no doubt about it. The amount of capital that’s on the sidelines that wants to get into commercial real estate is enormous. And what’s going to have to happen as we said, is interest rates are going to have to stabilize and the belief that valuations have come down is going to have to be there. There is an increasing interest, and I just walked through what we are doing on the development side and opportunistic investment side. There is an increased interest in people getting into those areas that have a longer horizon for returns on their capital and have a higher risk appetite. And there is always, of course a big chunk of capital with that orientation. So, that’s what’s going on.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we – the biggest thing, Michael, that’s shifted in our view is that it’s going to take longer for interest rates to come down. It’s going to take longer for debt, in particular, to become available for real estate – commercial real estate transactions. And as a result, transactions are not going to return until the back half of next year, where we thought they were going to return late this year, early next year. Secondly, we have introduced this notion that we are seeing, particularly with industrial tenants that the uncertainty is just causing them to pause, and we think that’s going to go through the first half of next year. But we really don’t think that’s going to be a big deal because they are burning through inventories of space that they took down for defensive purposes, I guess for lack of a better term. And so that’s what we see where if you were to sum it all up, the recovery that we thought would start towards the end of this year, we now think is going to start six or so months later, maybe a little longer. And for us, that pushes back our assumptions about the return to peak earnings a year or so into the following year.
Bob Sulentic: For us specifically, we just have a very good business in Japan. And it’s – obviously, that’s a huge economy and Tokyo is a huge real estate market. And over the years, we – there has been a struggle around the notion of intermediation there. There was a lot of business done directly by buyer and seller, tenant, landlord, etcetera. That intermediation has become more accepted. There has also been a struggle to have non-Japanese domestic companies in the mix, so to speak. And that is – as it relates to being the designated intermediate – when intermediation happens and also being a home for talent. We have really changed our profile as a recruiter there over the last few years. And we have really changed our profile over there the last few years as somebody that’s a recognized intermediary. As a result, we used to talk about, well, we have got good growth in Asia, but good growth on bases of business that weren’t that needle moving to our overall results. Japan is now our second most profitable market in the world behind the United States for advisory business. So, when Japan does relatively well as it’s doing now, you get the results we are getting. It’s big enough to be needle moving for us. And then in general, as you know, the return to the office across Asia and Pacific is ahead of where it is in either the United States or EMEA.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, in terms of M&A, we – Emma made this comment. We look across our whole business. We have a very capable corporate development team that partners up with a group of geographic and business line leaders across the whole business around the world and across our lines of business to seek out M&A opportunities where we think we can enhance our offering to our clients. We just – you just saw today, we announced something in the – for our capital markets business in the investment banking capital advisors area. That was an area where we thought we had a bit of a hole. We went out and brought on a business that was very substantial global and additive. Lots of areas of interest, investment management has been an area of interest for us, but sole of others. We have several areas of interest in our GWS business. We have select areas of interest in our advisory business. We even have some areas we are looking at in the development business. But one of the things that’s going on right now, and Emma mentioned this, is that pricing for M&A has not moved quite as quickly as we hoped or thought it would. And we are just showing a lot of – excuse me, a lot of discipline around what we are going to do in terms of acquiring other companies. We are just simply not going to pay prices that we think are unreasonable just to get businesses that we like. We think pricing is going to come into line. We see some signs of that. We have got a pipeline across those businesses and geographies that we like, but we are being disciplined. As it relates to infrastructure, there is two areas of our business where we are active with infrastructure. We have a nice size infrastructure investment management business. It’s small relative to our overall investment management business, but it’s in the upper-single digits in terms of billions of dollars of AUM, and we are looking for opportunities to grow that because we think it’s got great long-term secular profile. The other place where we have a very significant infrastructure business is with the Turner & Townsend acquisition. They do a lot of infrastructure, program management, cost consultancy and project management. And they are well positioned – they are very well positioned in geographies around the world where that work is going on. They do a decent amount of work and a significantly growing amount of work as it relates to sustainability. So, we have a pretty strong infrastructure profile with them.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks everyone and we look forward to getting back together with you when we announce our year-end earnings.
Emma Giamartino: I think Tony, you’re talking about maybe prior remarks that we made. We’re looking broad-based across the company at M&A, and we’ve been focused on the areas of our business that are resilient and cyclery favored. Those are the types of larger deals we’ve done in the past, and those are the types of deals that we’re looking at now. One of the things that’s happening right now is we are looking at a number of deals, and we’ve talked about deals on the larger end of the range that we’ve typically looked at in the past or we’ve typically executed in the past. But pricing has become more of a challenge than it was a year ago or even 6 months ago, similar to what’s happening in the real estate market with the gap between buyer and seller valuation remaining higher even increasing as interest rates are increasing. A similar impact is happening to M&A. So for us, our cost of capital is increasing slightly. Our risk appetite is reducing slightly. And so we need seller prices to come down for us to be able to execute some of these deals – many of these deals.
Emma Giamartino: We expect our resilient lines of business in aggregate, which for the year to generate $1.6 billion of SOP to grow in the low double-digit range going forward into the future. And GWS specifically, that SOP for this year is going to grow in the mid-double-digit range, so low teens range and should continue going forward.
Emma Giamartino: Steve, that’s the right way to think about it. We were going into the latter half of the year, our expectation was for $600 million. As you said, we did $500 million in this quarter. So we are on track to deliver the same amount we were thinking last quarter.
Emma Giamartino: That is a one-time tax planning benefit that we had this quarter. For the full year, we’re expecting our tax rate to come in at about 21%. And excluding that benefit this quarter, our tax rate is about 20% in Q3.
Emma Giamartino: So office leasing this year has been performing in-line with our expectations. There has been some we noted some drop-off in the larger office deals, but we were anticipating decline a mid-15% decline across office leasing. On the industrial side, that is – industrial leasing is performing slightly below expectations. But as Bob alluded to, that is primarily driven by the largest industrial transactions and the largest occupiers of industrial space who took on a lot of space over the past couple of years and are resetting. We don’t expect that to be a continued trend going into next year. And in terms of mix, I think our leasing has grown. Industrial has grown as a percentage of our overall leasing and offices declined, but that isn’t out of what we were expecting going into the year and into the quarter.
Emma Giamartino: There is potentially some, but we are not expecting the decline next year to be greater than what we saw this year. And I think what’s important to note, we provided some high-level remarks around what we are expecting over the next couple of years. And that’s not to provide any sort of guidance around what we will expect because we all know that it’s very difficult to anticipate how the broader external factors will impact the company. But to put context around it, we are very confident that our GWS business will continue to deliver double-digit growth. And if it delivers double-digit SOP growth over the next couple of years, and the remainder of our segments remained flat in 2024 and get back to – don’t even need to get back to 2019 levels of earnings, we will get back to our record levels of EPS. So, in terms of leasing, I just want to emphasize that even if there is a slight decline next year, we still have a path to growth over the next 2 years.
Emma Giamartino: Okay. So, for the full year, we are expecting within GWS that our SOP growth will be in line with that low-double digit that we have been talking about throughout the year. Advisory overall will be down about in the 30% range. And then REI, as you know is down a little over 50% for the full year. In terms of what’s guided our reduced outlook from what we said in Q2 to what we are seeing now from that 20% to 25% EPS decline down to a mid-30s decline. About a third of that is related to capital markets and about a third is related to development and the remainder is men across the rest of the business.
Emma Giamartino: Absolutely. That – and that is the point that we are trying to get across is that there is a reasonable path to getting back to record, and we are not anticipating a sharp recovery, especially not next year, and we don’t require a sharp recovery in 2025 to get to that record level. Again, our resilient and cycle favorite lines of business, which include GWS but also includes property management, the recurring elements of our investment management fees, valuations in loan servicing, not in aggregate is $1.6 billion of SOP. So, that growing at low-double digits over the next 2 years will create meaningful value. And then, again, our transactional lines of business, so development, the portion of investment management that is more transactional loan service – loan origination and sales origination. Those elements only need to get back to just shy of 2019 levels for us to get to record earnings.
Emma Giamartino: Yes. So, in your first question, our pipeline across GWS and that includes both facilities management and project management is it continues to be at record levels. We have a large and growing pipeline. It’s split between about 50% new clients and 50% existing clients. And of those new clients, about half of those are first-generation clients. So, about a third of our overall pipeline is first-generation outsourcers. But the important part is that our overall pipeline is building. And yes, those first-generation outsourcers take longer, the sales cycle is longer to convert them over to outsourcing, but it’s a huge opportunity and it’s a growing opportunity and it is building our pipeline. To your second question around what the opportunity is, it’s hard to accurately estimate it, but we believe that only 30% of the overall market is outsourced today. So, there is 70% of white space.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey. Good morning everyone. Maybe starting with a little bit of a housekeeping question. But am I – I think this quarter, you didn’t give any specific outlook anymore for – by segment. So, given how important the fourth quarter is maybe you can give us a little bit more color in terms of the various business lines of what we should be expecting? I know it’s kind of implied, but more color would be appreciated.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then secondly, maybe this is a quick one because I think you just addressed this when you asked Patrick’s question, but thinking about the multiyear outlook again. And maybe I am stating the obvious, but like – if I look at my numbers, to get to 2025 record year, basically, if you grow in GWS and you maybe get more aggressive on the buybacks? Like – and then potentially in the transactional businesses, if you just grab a little bit of market share, even if this environment stays like this, you could get to a record. I mean is that what you were just trying to say, I mean maybe just state me obviously again.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks for clarifying. And then just maybe one quick one. On the GWS business, you called out these first-time outsourcers, I guess. Can you just talk about how the sales cycle differs there because I think it’s a meaningful part of the pipeline now? And then overall, can you just remind us when you think about the white space here, how big the first time outsource opportunity is in the context of the size of your business? I mean is there still a very meaningful TAM of companies that really have never outsourced before.
