Emma Giamartino: Yeah, Chandni, so we are looking for opportunities across our segments where we can enhance the offerings that we currently have. And we are looking at multiple deals that are larger than what we've typically done. So on the larger side of both Turner & Townsend.  And in terms of the segments that we're focused on, it's facilities management, it's investment management, and it's our resilient lines of business within advisory such as valuation. So we're looking across all three segments, and we are looking for, when we say transformational, it's needle moving something that can change the profile of our existing businesses. These aren't businesses that are completely new to CBRE. We have extremely high rating standards. As you can imagine, you asked about multiple across those three segments. The multiples are different, but we are looking for highly accretive deals that can generate returns and shareholder value well above what we could do with buybacks alone.  And I do want to underscore that M&A can move in multiple directions, and we are hopeful that we'll convert at least a large deal in our pipeline. But if we don't do that, we will accelerate our share repurchases. And as I said in my remarks, we intend to deploy as much capital as we -- in the next 12 months as we did in the last 12 months. And as a reminder, that was just over $2 billion of capital deployed.
Emma Giamartino: It is not. It is not. And what I'd say about that is both buybacks and M&A done towards the end of the year will not have a meaningful impact to 2023 results. That impact will flow into 2024.
Emma Giamartino: So Chandni, that's actually a really important question. I'd say, high level, the reduction from our revised on the ground sales and leasing revenue is having about a 3% impact to our far outlook for EPS for the full year, and that is being offset by a combination of higher growth in GWS and cost mitigation efforts or cost avoidance efforts in REI and advisory.
Emma Giamartino: Michael, I just want to clarify, our Telford business is a multifamily business, it's shifting towards build-to-rent multifamily.
Emma Giamartino: No, no. We don't have any concerns. And we actually see -- when we initially made that investment, we saw a secular tailwind in builder in the UK that continues to exist. And so we expect that business to continue to grow going forward.
Emma Giamartino: There's very little capital deployment in that plan to exceed prior peak EPS in 2024. Any capital allocation buybacks and M&A would help us surpass that even to a greater extent. And I do want to emphasize that getting to 2024 -- in 2024 getting to that record EPS level, we believe it is very achievable. It takes relatively conservative assumptions to get there for both a rebound in our advisory and our transactional business lines, both in REI and advisory. We don't have to get back to 2021 levels in those businesses to get to the direct EPS.  And then within GWS. If you are in the very low double-digit range, we can still get to that record EPS level. And that again, that's all without meaningful capital allocation.
Bob Sulentic: Steve, it's both of those things. It's the absolute rates, it's the availability of credit, but it's a third thing, and that is the uncertainty about where things are going to go. And we think later this year, all three of those things will start to move in a direction that's helpful to our business. We think rates will stabilize, possibly come down more capital more debt and equity will become available. And the combination of those two things will create more certainty around pricing, and we think that transactions will start to happen again on the capital market side.
Bob Sulentic: We talked about that at the end of the year, which, by the way, that was only 60 days ago, roughly. And our long-term view is not altered by what we've seen so far this year. Of course, we'll address that again next year when we have the benefit of the full year view. But our long-term view for the prospects of the business are good.  And of course, part of those -- the long term is the short term, I will say what we've seen in the short term is challenged in one sense, the transactions, but in the other sense, our enthusiasm for and belief in these -- what we're calling these resilient businesses, particularly GWS. And also what we're seeing in the M&A space where we have become a more interesting buyer to a good number of companies than we have been historically. There are companies out there in our sector or directly adjacent to our sector that believe by becoming part of our business or having financial sponsorship from our business will help them perform better than they could perform on their own. And this is not a circumstance that's going on in the same way with other companies in our sector. We think we have a distinct advantage there. And that's going to be a more material part of our future, we believe now that you would have heard from us certainly in the past.
Bob Sulentic: Well, there'll be shifts across all of those. So by geography, our business is definitively becoming larger on a relative basis in Asia-Pacific, Asia specifically than it has been historically. I'll give you an example. In the advisory business, forever, our second biggest business was the UK behind the United States, and there wasn't anything close. Our business in Japan now is roughly the same size as our business in the UK.  For sure, we're growing our businesses related to the multifamily and industrial asset classes. We're not the only ones doing that, but that's a definitive part of what we're doing. And then the outsourcing business, which includes us providing facilities management and project management and portfolio services work, mostly for big corporates focused on saving them money, working on their net zero initiatives, shedding assets in some cases. That business will be an enduring double-digit grower and probably not low double digits. We think there's an opportunity to have that be mid-double digits.  And when I made my comments a minute ago about companies being increasingly interested in having us be their acquirer or us investing in them, a lot of that happens in that segment. So that's kind of where we see the shift happening across our businesses.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, retail leasing is good. And by the way, retail rental rates are growing up because there's a big experience thing going on here across the U.S. and around the world that is causing retailers of various types, including food and beverage. But obviously, the high-end retailers doing quite well, and that's helping our leasing business in retail.  Industrial's been white hot over the last couple of years, and it's just not going to stay that hot indefinitely. That's been a little bit anomalistic. And so we are seeing a little bit of downward pressure on industrial leasing. But we think over the longer term, industrial leasing will be very, very strong. And the dynamics driving logistics space around the world will remain in place. But we are seeing some downward pressure on that for sure this year.
Bob Sulentic: In aggregate, Jade, I don't think so. And I'll tell you why I say that. First of all, what you're seeing now isn't driven largely by commercial real estate being out of favor. It's not even in the biggest sense being driven by office buildings being out of favor. It's being driven by the denominator effect.  The base of assets around the world is growing. The base of industrial space around the world is growing. The base of institutional quality multifamily around the world is growing, et cetera. And we think that's going to continue. And we think when stock prices rebound, the denominator effect will go in the other direction.  The other thing I would tell you about office space, which has been a big home for capital, there's a tendency when things turn to think that they're going to turn and disappear. Our view is that the portfolios that companies have the office space, not the investors in office space, but the companies that use it that ultimately drive the investment in office space will shrink materially. But it will still be an enormous asset class. If it's down 20% or 10% or 15%, whatever it settles down, it will still be an enormous asset class.  And the future of office space is still being sorted out. We may be more back in the office in the future than we are today. That's just an unknown. But that will be a very large asset class. That will be a very big home for institutional capital in the future, but certainly, other asset classes will and there's all retail and industrial, hotels, multifamily, huge asset classes and look what's going on with hotels.  I mean try to get a hotel room at a rational pre-COVID rate right now anywhere in a good hotel and that you just can't do it. And so I don't think commercial real estate as an asset class is going to decline in importance at all in the future.
Bob Sulentic: Jade, there's two areas of our business now where we do meaningful work in infrastructure. We have an investment management business that invests in infrastructure. And with the acquisition of 60% of Turner & Townsend, which by the way, has continued to outperform our expectations. They have a significant infrastructure and significant green energy business, and they do large projects subject to very long-term contracts around the world.  We would expect those businesses to grow and provide incremental opportunity to us in the long run. What we might do beyond that is a long run circumstance that we're not really prepared to talk about at this point, but we do have positive exposure in both those areas.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah, Michael. What I said was that we expect the total of our cyclically resilient business is to grow in the high single digits. So that would be GWS valuations, property management the fee portion of our investment management business, we expect our GWS business to grow well into the double digits.
Bob Sulentic: Yeah. Well, trophy buildings both in the current environment and in the long term are going to do quite well in our view. Because with all that's going on, on the return to the office circumstance, companies are looking for great environments for their employees. We're doing it for our own headquarters in our own offices around the U.S. and around the world. Virtually, all of our clients are doing it. And these -- so these great buildings are going to do well.  B and C buildings are going to be challenged, and there is less capital available for them. But I think there's an overreaction to that circumstance. The press -- it's like so many things. It's a great story to talk about how bad something is when it gets bad, the fact of the matter is, coming out of the financial crisis, office buildings were capitalized much more conservatively than they had been historically, more equity in office buildings than there had been previously. If you look at the banking system today, something like 1.5% of commercial or commercial banks asset portfolio is in office buildings. It's not a huge threatening circumstance. Some of the problem assets will go back to the bank. Some of them will get restructured and worked out as is always the case with troubled assets. So it's going to be hard to refinance some of those assets and some of those assets are going to become troubled and go back. But it's not going to be an overwhelming circumstance the way certain headlines would suggest it might be.
Bob Sulentic: Stephen, corporates reducing their office footprint is a headwind for that business. And by the way, has been a headwind for that business for the last 15 years. The average square foot per person that corporates use has been going down and down and down and we've been helping them with that. We've been helping them reconfigure their portfolios. We've been helping them do project work in support of that. And the project work they need now with the kind of space they're trying to deliver for their employees is really important.  So yes, that will be a headwind in terms of the amount of space that we might manage for individual corporates. But other work we would do for them will offset that. But the thing kind of overwhelms that circumstance is that more corporates are bringing us on new clients are bringing us on to help them create environments for their employees to help them save money, both in terms of the size of their footprint, the operation of their facilities to help them move toward a more energy-efficient environment and certainly now with Turner & Townsend, that puts us in a better place to do that.  So the net of all those dynamics is that this is going to be a double-digit growing business. And again, that's before some of the acquisition opportunities that we're seeing that are becoming more prominent for us because -- partly because we want to do it, but partly because companies that might combine with us are finding us more interesting than they used to.
Bob Sulentic: Well, I can tell you, Patrick, it won't be surprising to you to hear me say that we interface a lot with the private equity folks in commercial real estate who are customers of ours that might be participants in this. And the view is that this is going to be a big opportunity for them. When there's a lack of supply coming from other areas, people come in and backfill and create opportunities for themselves in that area, and we think that's going to happen here.
Bob Sulentic: Interest rates to stabilize and come down are the biggest factor there, and we think that's going to happen later this year.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again a quarter from now when we report our second quarter results.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thanks. Bob, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about how you expect GWS to grow in the high single digits. I think last quarter, it was pegged at about low double digits. Maybe I misheard this, but if that's the case, why would that be? I presume that these are sort of stickier, more resilient business lines. So anything you could add on that would be great.
Michael Griffin: Got you. That's helpful. And then maybe just one on office, particularly on potential refinancings and debt coming due. I think we've seen some news recently about some debt availability for maybe less than trophy class properties. And I think library office asset need might suggest at least a data point that I saw that there is debt out there. Are you seeing this particularly on the office side? I mean I think the expectation is for trophy buildings to have financing, but maybe some of that not the absolute top of the market stuff might be harder to finance.
Michael Griffin: Great. That's helpful. And then just last one. I think Emma might have mentioned the Telford acquisition tracking in line with expectations. The UK, I believe it's a single-family business. Obviously, we've seen over here in the states, worries around the regulatory front and maybe some single-family companies. Is there any worry that similar regulations could come down the pipe in the UK? Or is it just kind of a very different business model.
