Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. CBRE posted another quarter of strong growth on the top and bottom lines, with a 24% increase in adjusted EPS. This growth came amid an uncertain macro environment, and notably, a time when global property sales volumes market wide have pulled back from a robust 2015. The diversity of CBRE’s service offering is especially important in the current market environment. Our performance for the quarter was supported by strong growth in mortgage services, reflecting continued debt capital flows into commercial real estate and in occupier outsourcing, which again grew revenue strongly even before contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business. Leasing was also up nicely in the Americas and Asia-Pacific, and our Investment Management and Development Services businesses produced solid EBITDA gains for the quarter. Jim will take you through all of this in detail shortly. Before he does, I want to address the UK’s vote to leave the European Union. Please turn to slide five. CBRE, like the rest of the commercial real estate services industry, was affected by the high degree of uncertainty in the UK market leading up to the referendum on June 23. This can be seen in a nearly 40% drop in UK market-wide property sales volumes in Q2 according to CBRE research. However, the effect on CBRE’s UK revenue was materially less pronounced. In local currency, CBRE’s total UK fee revenue increased 12%. Without the contributions from the acquired Global Workplace Solutions business, UK fee revenue in local currency was just 5% below Q2 2015, which had been up 32% over Q2 of the prior year. This performance highlights how significantly our UK business has evolved in recent years. During the first half of 2016, occupier outsourcing and property management, which is sticky recurring revenue, accounted for 69% of UK fee revenue, versus just 19% in the first half of 2013. This shift in our UK revenue mix has been driven by our acquisitions of Norland in late 2013 and Global Workplace Solutions in September, 2015 and positions us well as the UK goes about resetting its relationship with the European Union. Please turn to slide six. CBRE expects continued near-term hesitancy among occupiers about space decisions in the UK, particularly London. We expect a modest increase in property yields reflecting the higher perceived risk of holding UK property. However, this increase may be temporary, especially for top-tier assets, due to the inherent attractiveness of the UK market. In addition, the decline in the value of sterling against the U.S. dollar should provide some incremental support for foreign investment into the UK over time. We also anticipate a delay in some office development activity, which should provide longer term support for property prices as well as rents, particularly in central London, where availability stands at just 3%. We are monitoring Brexit-related developments closely. There is a long road ahead, but the swift resolution of the political leadership in Britain is an encouraging sign. Given our clear leadership position, CBRE is well positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the UK and across Europe. We are firmly focused on continuing to support our European business and clients. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim who will discuss our second-quarter results in detail.
Bob Sulentic: Thanks, Jim. As you have seen, our business has performed very well in the first half of 2016, even with a decline in market-wide property sales volumes compared to a year ago. It is important to note that market fundamentals in commercial real estate remain in good shape, with the impact of Brexit largely limited to property transactions activity in the UK and we anticipate solid earnings growth for the year. Looking ahead, we are adjusting our outlook for the remainder of the year. This is due principally to the impact of Brexit on UK property transaction volumes and less visibility around the timing of the realization of certain incentives in our Global Investment Management business and Development Services business. These factors have caused us to reduce our earnings guidance by 3% at the top end of our range and by 5% at the bottom end. This results in expected adjusted EPS for the calendar year of $2.15 to $2.30 which represents solid growth of approximately 9% at the midpoint of the range. We see adjusted EPS in the second half of 2016 more weighted to Q4 rather than Q3 compared with our customary progression of earnings throughout the year. As the clear market leader, CBRE is well positioned to further extend our competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our ongoing talent and technology initiatives, collaborative culture, market-leading service offering, and financial strength uniquely position us to satisfy clients’ growing demand for our services. With that, operator, we will open the lines for questions.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, this is Bob. Headcount is certainly part of it. We have talked over the last several quarters about the gains we have made over the last two or three years in recruiting. That has continued into this year, although at a slower pace, partially because some of the pricing we’ve seen out there for recruiting we don’t think makes sense. So our recruiting is down by about one-third this year. The other thing that’s benefiting us is some of the strategic things we’ve done with those businesses. Notably, we have grown our small asset class materially on the sales side and on the advisory and transaction services side of our occupier client offering. We’ve integrated our outsourcing business with our local brokerage business and added a bunch of advisory capabilities that have really allowed us to take on a lot of account business beyond what we were ever able to do before and offer things to our clients that go beyond what we were able to offer before. And that’s coming through in our numbers, and it’s coming through in our numbers for outsourcing business and our local brokerage business or local leasing business, and we’re taking market share as a result.
Bob Sulentic: Tony, Brexit hasn’t really impacted the growth of that business or the stability of that business. And we did achieve 13% organic growth in that business in the first half, very consistent with our expectations for the business which are unchanged in terms of the ongoing organic growth. We are extremely pleased with the way that business has grown year to date. By the way, it was double-digit growth in the second quarter, too, at 10%. There is a little inefficiency quarter-to-quarter. And we’re quite excited about what we think the profile for continued growth of that business is.
Bob Sulentic: We expect to end up the year in the ranges that we gave at the beginning of the year. And the one place that we are seeing things meaningfully different is no big shocker. It’s the UK, which is a sizable market with London. But we’ve worked hard to get a handle on what our people around the world are working on, and we have done that again recently and feel pretty good about the ranges that we gave at the beginning of the year. So we are not changing anything in that regard.
Bob Sulentic: These are new to the outsourcing business. I think when you ask the broader question, are they new to CBRE, we have done business with almost every major company in the world at some point through our transactional activities over the years. So there’s almost nobody that we would do a new outsourcing account for that we have done nothing for ever before. The count you’re getting there is for new outsourcing accounts.
Bob Sulentic: To that last question, I can’t give you an answer off the top of my head. I can tell you that expansions typically, there is a very typical pattern. We usually add services when we expand. So we will start providing one service and we’ll typically add another service or two when we do good work for our clients. And it’s also very typical that we will take on new geography, sometimes just within the United States, or sometimes in other parts of the world. But those are the two things. And that’s one of the beautiful things about this business. If you do good work for these clients and we track the work we do for them very closely, there is almost always an opportunity to take on new services or new geography. And it’s core to the strategy that Bill Concannon articulates for his people every day and drives with his people every day. As he would say it, win them, keep them, grow them. And that grow them is also about taking on new turf or adding new lines of business form.
Bob Sulentic: Well, the UK and Europe are different for me. They are not one thing. So, people are definitely pausing in the UK. There’s a few anecdotes about pausing in Europe, but really not very much. I was over there a couple weeks ago, and in general, we are not seeing that on the continent. Here in the U.S., when you talk to our people in local markets, there’s a bit of wishful thinking that we will get incremental capital here as a result of what’s happening in the UK, but there was already a lot of capital aimed at the U.S. markets, and I would say that in aggregate, that’s what it was before, and the net-net of all of it is, people that were going to invest in the UK are waiting to see. And in the other big markets around the world, we haven’t seen a meaningful impact yet.
Bob Sulentic: David, we first and foremost have made a very, very visible commitment to the clients that came over through that GWS acquisition that we are going to be riveted on transition the work we do for them now. And we have made clear to them that we’re not in there aggressively trying to do more for them in any different way than we have been historically. Now, you know we have a very, very big leasing offering around the world, and we’re talking to most companies in the world most of the time about doing leasing work for them. Nothing about that has changed. But with regard to the to the relationship people on those accounts, they have almost exclusively focused on transitioning the accounts and doing great work for them and measuring that work. That’s going well. We had a lot of work to do in that area. We have gotten most of that integration work done. I will tell you that if you talk to Bill Concannon and his Team, they will tell you now that it’s things are starting to feel very different with those clients. Those clients are becoming much more comfortable with him. We’ve had some very recent significant wins. The confidence that we can marry up all the pieces of that business and go to market as an integrated offering is growing pretty rapidly. So we think those opportunities are very, very good. But through the first three quarters of that acquisition transition, the focus has been on transitioning those accounts and really crushing the work that we’ve already been given from those clients.
Bob Sulentic: I talked to Martin Samworth, the CEO of EMEA for our business, two days ago, and I asked him that question. And he said that in fact, there was a distinct clawing back of the momentum that had been lost due to Brexit up until about a week ago when, as he put it, everybody in Europe started going on vacation. And he thinks that legitimately, that there has been a turnaround, but the whole vacation season there is causing that turnaround to slow for a while. But he’s encouraged that when September comes around that we’ll see things, the momentum reemerge. 
Bob Sulentic: There’s parts of it that are fully guaranteed, Tony and there’s other parts of it that aren’t. So we often will have incentives in these contracts that will allow us to earn incremental dollars if we meet certain performance thresholds. And we also will have some variable amount of work. So for instance, we may take on a contractual relationship with a big corporate client to do project management work of a certain type for them and the more projects they do, the more work we do. That’s very typical of those accounts. So it’s a mixed bag. The way we generally view these big outsourcing accounts when we take them on, they tend, they are getting larger and larger, so it’s not uncommon any more for us to take on a client and grow it to be a multi-hundred-million-dollar revenue source for the Company. We almost view these incremental accounts as starting new little businesses within our Company. When you start them, there is something there and then you do to a good job and you grow them. And with 90%-plus renewal rates and increasing customer satisfaction rates, we tend to keep them and grow them. So you end up with something at the core that is largely guaranteed and you have the opportunity to grow it from there.
Bob Sulentic: We’ve never publicly produced those numbers. I can tell you both are very meaningful. It’s not one as dramatically larger than the other. Both are very meaningful, both the expansion of existing counts and the addition of new accounts.
Jim Groch: Hey, Brad. It’s Jim. Sure. We are not changing any of the specific guidance that we gave early in the year. Actually, I think that generally, we still anticipate all those ranges that we gave, that we’ll perform within the ranges provided at the beginning of the year. If you look at the update on our guidance at the midpoint, the range is a little wider, and at the midpoint, we are down 4%. I think as we referenced, a little more than half of that is really tied to Brexit impact on UK transactions. And then some of the widening and the bit that’s left is in there around just some timing risk around the realization of incentives in our Global Investment Management and Development Services, and then just some very minor tweaks to our forecast internally.
Jim Groch: Yes. Very, very, there is no Development Services really, and Investment Management is mostly core portfolio funds in separate accounts. So very, very little exposure there.
Jim Groch: We really haven’t seen much on the, outside of the retail, and we’re really not exposed on the retail side.
Jim Groch: We really haven’t been providing guidance around incremental margins. Part of that is just it depends on the trajectory of the business. So we haven’t been that specific.
Jim Groch: We haven’t given specific guidance on where that’s going. I would say we mentioned that we started this program in late last year, and at the time, we noted that we have grown the business massively over the last three years and when you do, you intermittently need to step back and look for pockets where you may have some inefficiency and we thought it was a good time to work on that. But I’d also highlight that all those savings don’t drop to the bottom line because we do reinvest. While we are cutting costs in some areas, we are looking to reinvest in other areas where we think we can get real leverage from our investments.
Jim Groch: Yes. There is nothing particular driving it really, just the timing of whether it’s carried interest in the Investment Management business or individual sales within the Development Services business. It can differ from year to year, from quarter to quarter. We are ahead on activity year-to-date versus last year. And as we just look at the timing on these when we see transactions coming in, Q3 looks like it will be light, and Q4 looks like it will be strong, although in comparison to last year, Q4 was exceptionally strong. So we don’t -- that type of activity will likely be down from Q4 of last year still.
Jim Groch: But Q3 will be light, and it’s just timing. Some deals we thought were going to hit in Q3 happened in Q2 and looked like some others are actually going to hit in Q4 instead of 3.
Jim Groch: Well, as far as use of capital, we are always looking carefully at how to apply our capital in the most favorable way possible for our shareholders, but we don’t comment specifically on what we might do there. As far as dollars spent on M&A, those figures will be in the Q when that comes out.
Jim Groch: Yes, Jay. We don’t give specific headcount on our transaction professionals. But what I can say is that we have continued to bring on new producers in the investment sales, mortgage brokerage and leasing parts of our business at a very strong rate, although off the last couple of peak years we have had by about one-third. And we don’t have any reason to believe that there’d be big variability in that pace for the balance of this year. We are watching very closely what’s going on in the market and we’re seeing some what we consider foolish deals in the market, the kind of things that just aren’t sustainable. So we’re staying clear of that activity. But again we’re having good success. It’s impacting our growth in a positive way and we expect that to continue.
Jim Groch: No. No change there really. We haven’t made any changes. I mean, look, I think it’s important to emphasize that fundamentals for the markets have generally, globally, outside of circumstances in the UK, remain quite strong. So we started with some cost efficiency work in Q4 of last year. We are making good progress on that. We are reinvesting some of those savings primarily in technology initiatives. I would also highlight, our margin on fee revenue in Q2, which is a medium size quarter, obviously, for the year, nowhere near Q4, just for the three regional business was 16%. The margins are good, and the margin overall is higher when you include the principal businesses. So we feel pretty good about where we are, and no major program being accelerated.
Jim Groch: The mortgage business is doing quite well. It’s up 14% for the quarter and we’re seeing lots of liquidity. So I think there has been plenty of liquidity to fill that void. It’s not been an issue.
Jim Groch: If the rates stay where they are now, then there should be no impact because we mark-to-market our hedge positions every quarter. So that’s how it would play out.
Jim Groch: Mitch, that’s a good question. Our M&A pipeline is quite active. But we did start to pull back on infill last year when we saw pricing in the marketplace increasing. So we’re, as always, we’re very active in the market. We are looking for great companies, a great cultural fit, companies that are going to truly add capabilities to what we offer. But we will, pricing matters. It does. And we will pull back from time to time and get back in when we see things be more in line with where we think they should be.
Jim Groch: I think we’ll continue to be in line with what we have been doing over the last year or two. Unfortunately, that growth continues to be offset generally by changes in FX. The growth has been quite good, but as you highlighted, the FX has tended to offset most of it.
Jim Groch: Okay. When we refer to contractual revenues, and we had a slide in our deck that showed the change in the business and the degree to which contractual revenues have increased as a percentage of the total, there are no leasing revenues in those numbers. So they are, you will hear us refer to leasing as being a largely recurring over time. But we don’t include any of those revenues in the contractual section of what we refer to as contractual. As far as a percentage of deals where we get renewals, I can’t give you a figure, an exact figure, but it’s extremely high. And if we didn’t get a renewal, on the margin, if we or others aren’t getting the renewals on their assignments, then we are picking up the other competitors’ piece and vice versa. But that tends to be quite rare.
Jim Groch: We haven’t been, I guess the most we’ve said on that is that the contribution is closer than you would think because on a fee revenue basis, our contractual revenues include some of our lower-margin business in that [indiscernible] management area and some of our higher in Investment Management. So it’s not quite equal between revenue and EBITDA, but it’s not as far off as you might think.
