Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The third quarter of 2015 was an eventful period for CBRE. As you saw on our press release, we posted excellent results with strong top-line and bottom-line growth around the world, highlighted by a 28% increase in adjusted earnings per share. We also moved decisively to fortify our market leading occupier outsourcing business with the acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions on September 1st. This is our largest acquisition in nearly a decade and one of the most compelling ever completed in our sector. The combination creates a platform unlike anything that has previously existed in our industry with high complementary product offerings and common cultures around innovation and client services. It broadens our value proposition, creates true global scale, deepen our relationships with prominent global corporations and enriches our talent pool. Our last three large strategy acquisitions are recurring revenue businesses that operate under contracts that are typically five years or longer. These acquisitions have helped to transform CBRE into a more resilient business. We now have it dramatically more powerful integrated service offering while maintaining our core focus on commercial real estate services. We also continued to make gains through investments in recruiting, training, technology, branding and research. All positioned to help us deliver great outcomes for clients and to drive growth. We saw the pay off from these investments across CBRE in the third quarter. Notably, our services business comprised of the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions, again, posted significant revenue and normalized EBIT growth with solid margin expansion. Our Investment Management business also performed well. Now, Jim will provide you with more specific insight into our performance.
Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Jim. As we enter Q4, 2015 is clearly emerging as another exceptional year for CBRE. The actions we have taken to upgrade our talent base, enhance our service offering, materially strengthen our operating platform, particularly around data and technology and fortify our financial position are yielding strong results for our clients and for our shareholders. We are mindful of the challenges to the global economy. However, in light of outperformance through the third quarter and our strategic and financial momentum, we are raising our full-year 2015 guidance for adjusted EPS by $0.10 to the $2.00 to $2.05 range. This new guidance implies 20% year-on-year growth in adjusted earnings per share at the mid-point of the range. With that, operator, we will go to questions.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. Tony. You mentioned both, the development business and the Investment Management business. It has been the case for some time now and continues to be the case that we are aggressively harvesting assets in our Investment Management business, because that is what our clients want us to do. We are able to fetch good prices and recycle the capital for them in many cases and they are generating very good relative returns, so w will continue down that path. In the Development business, we built up a very healthy in-process portfolio of opportunities. They are very well underwritten, very good and we think that that business will contribute really nicely to the Company fourth quarter this year and next year and we are not doing anything to new accelerate it. Development projects have their own lifecycle and you have to get them improved design, built and leased up and then you can sell them, so we are not doing anything to accelerate that process, but that process is playing out. As you know, our portfolio of projects has grown nicely over the last couple years, so we expect to see some good returns as a result.
Bob Sulentic: Well, Brandon we always have the opportunity because of the full-service nature of what we do to talk to those and they are mostly large corporate still increasingly we are doing work for hospital systems and government enterprises, but we always have the opportunity to talk to them on a full-service basis, but we have made an absolute commitment to ourselves and to our clients that for the time being our focus for them with this acquisition which again as we talked about in our prepared remarks is the biggest we have done in a decade and really unlike anything to spend on our sector. The focus is on great results for our clients. We believe that the other things we do are not going to be a secret to them and that over time - provide make great services to them with work we do now. We will be able to integrate back and forth between the client base that we had and the client base that GWS brought to us with the very complementary services we have had, but that is not what we have talked about in our underwriting or - Jim has talked a number of times over the last couple of quarters about what we expect out of this deal. What we are talking about is, not that. That will be there if we do a good job. Our focus is on doing a good job. We think there will be upside, but we are not factoring in a lot of revenue synergy into that business right now. We are factoring in our normal growth and excellent execution and we think the revenue synergy will come as a result of that.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We won't need to add a lot of professionals. We added a lot of professionals as you know and we are really kind of at a record pace the last couple of years.
Bob Sulentic: …in our transactional businesses and we work for 80%, 90% of a large companies around the world on the transaction site already. We are positioned to do more for those clients. We are position to do work on a contractual basis and we are seeing more of that, but we are not going to have to meaningfully ramp up our headcount to get that done.
Bob Sulentic: Well, the most important people have signing employment agreements four, five years and are showing quite significant enthusiasm for the business and the combinations, so I do not think so. There will be some overlap, so there will be some people that leave, but I think we are in a very strong shape there as far as retention.
Bob Sulentic: We have not seen that, David. What we have seen is that cross-border capital flows have remained strong. We have interviewed, we kind of pulled our clients in various ways. We think half of the clients that we did business with a year ago were moving capital across borders. Half of them intend to move more capital this year than I did year ago, so you saw the numbers not only for us, but for the whole market for the quarter and a year, so we have not seen a pullback in that at this point. It just has not been something we have seen. In Europe, in particular, we have seen a meaningful increasing cross-border flows into Europe.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. From what we have seen, there is sufficient capital from other sources to step in. As I mentioned earlier, we have been anticipating that the rate of growth in sales will come down to a more sustainable level and we still believe that that is likely to be the case, but we are not seeing deals die basically because of a lack of capital [ph].
Bob Sulentic: We saw strong growth in leasing around the world, slightly slower growth in the U.S. this quarter than we have seen, but still very strong at 9%, so we have not seen the dynamic. We are expecting to see some of that in China, but we as of now have not seen that pullback and we are expecting to see a nice finish to the year. We are watching China like everybody else.
Bob Sulentic: Yes. We have not given any guidance on that. When we come back next quarter, we will take a look at that. Maybe we can give some more color.
Jim Groch: Hey, Brad. It is Jim Groch. We think RCA's data is pretty good, so we attribute the vast majority of our performance to the share gain.
Jim Groch: Yes. I think so. Now, as we say every quarter depending on which way these things go regardless of which way they go quarter-to-quarter swings in this data can move quite a bit from one quarter to another.
Jim Groch: Brad, this is Jim. At the beginning of the year as you know we gave guidance that we thought the growth rate in this business would go back to high single digits. We think obviously the market we and market have outperformed that projection, but we still believe that business will slowdown in that is coming and we may have just been a little bit early on that call. We think it will slow down there at more sustainable level, but that continues to be our belief. The rate of increase in liquidity in the market has come down, but as you know there is still quite a bit of liquidity in the market.
Jim Groch: That ended up being about flat. For Q3, we are still projecting that Q4 will be down from prior year. We are now thinking, plus or minus $10 million, but it is a little hard to the project those numbers precisely. Other lenders have picked up pace, more capitals come in market from other sources as they have pulled back.
Jim Groch: No. When we first announced the deal on March, we referenced the $35 million run synergy and noted that we expected most of that to be back end weighted to the second year or not most of it, but referred to be more backend weighted, so that we would realize that over two years. That $35 million run rate synergy has now increased to $50 million and we are saying we believe we will achieve $30 million of that $50 million in the next calendar year in 2016. By the end of '17, we should largely achieve the full $50 million run rate synergy.
Jim Groch: Tony, what we mentioned, just before we opened up for questions is that we expect the combination of the two businesses to be up moderately over last year.
Jim Groch: Right now Tony, we are not seeing a lot of pressure. I would tell you where we are seen the strongest growth is in Europe. You saw the results this quarter, we expect that continue, but we saw good growth in places where people did not necessarily expected. In Greater China, we had nice growth. In Australia, we did, so we have not felt a lot of meaningful pressure at this point and the backlogs of business we have suggest that year should finish out nicely for us.
Jim Groch: Brandon, this is Jim. We did not see any change in the dynamics of people try to accelerate deal closings. I would say that - you asked about coming forward next quarter. I mean, Q4 of the last two years has been really strong, so it is a little bit of a tough compare, but outside of that I think that the business activity is still strong.
Jim Groch: While there is still honestly an awful a lot of activity across the market globally both, in this core CBD markets and in the secondary markets, so we have seen strengthening in the secondary markets both, throughout the U.S. and the EMEA.
Jim Groch: I would say those are factors, but really the businesses have been performing pretty strongly across all three regions and all lines of business. We do a bottoms up detailed review every quarter and it was that review that took us to this increase.
Jim Groch: When we announced the deal on March, we said we thought we would be 1.7 times leverage, 1.7 times EBITDA by year-end. I think we are right on track for that. Even that is a relatively conservative view, so our bank covenants will show a lower leverage ratio, because we can pro forma in the run rate EBITDA that that we have acquired et cetera, but on the most conservative view, we are just over two now and we will be under 2 by year-end.
Tony Paolone: Yeah. We will give a little more color when we normally do guidance and 90 days, but two comments. One is, the numbers I think may be referencing were from 2014, JCI had been shedding a couple of unprofitable contracts and then of course revenue and expenses were impacted by foreign-exchange since 2014.
Tony Paolone: Okay, so there will be some diminution in that just from a run rate point of view that should not be the number we look at.
Tony Paolone: All right, in the accretion guide that you gave with the transaction is that just to understand the connections. Is that kind of still the EBITDA that you originally expected I think plus the cost savings and then minus I guess interest expense on the bond deal you did then some DNA? Is that how you are getting to that accretion, just trying to understand the components of that number.
Tony Paolone: The total amount of synergy has increased and the pace at which we expect to achieve this synergy has increased.
