Robert E. Sulentic: Thanks, Gil. Please turn to Slide 19. With 3 months now in the books, we continue to view the opportunities ahead of us in 2013 favorably. While the macro recovery continues to be slower than previous ones, our leading presence in key global markets, broad high-quality product and service offering and strong flexible capital structure position us well to drive continued top and bottom line growth. We expect to achieve positive operating leverage, while making strategic investments in our people and platform. These investments are vital to further cementing CBRE's place as the global market leader. We believe that CBRE remains on course to achieve full year revenue growth in the mid- to high-single digits. Among our major services business lines, we expect investment sales to continue to grow strongly, fueled by low interest rates, investors continued search for yield and real estate acceptance as an institutional asset class. We expect outsourcing to sustain steady low double-digit growth as adoption continues to grow around the world. And we expect leasing activity to pick up as the year unfolds. Although lower results from our principal businesses in the first quarter, as well as planned increases in headcount in the Americas caused margins to narrow slightly versus the year-earlier period, we continue to expect margin improvement for the full year. We anticipate this will be driven by increased contributions in future quarters from our higher-margin transaction services and principal businesses, as well as our continued focus on calibrating operating expenses with revenue growth. In light of this, for all of 2013 we continued to expect adjusted earnings per share to improve in the range of 15% to 20%, coming in at $1.40 to $1.45 range for the year. Before we end today's call, I want to note that the people of CBRE send our thoughts, prayers and best wishes to our clients, employees and friends in the Boston area. The people of that city have shown remarkable resiliency. CBRE extends its sympathies to the victims of last week's senseless act, and we applaud the first responders and everyone in law enforcement, who assisted with this terrible situation. With that, operator, we'll take questions.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, we can, Anthony. Thanks. This is Bob. We hired people to support our technology platform. We hired people in the area that supports our brokerage business, both of which we had focused on late last year in our comments and thought that it was important to make those investments. It's notable that additional investments we made in people will play out ratably over the year. That's not the case for our revenues, obviously. So the impact of these new hires and these incremental cost are more significant in the first quarter, given the lower revenue, than they will be as the year wears on.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, we certainly hired new revenue producers. But the people I'm talking about are not revenue producers. They're support folks.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, Anthony, I'll let Gil comment on the buyback. But in terms of the strategic activity or the M&A activity, as is always the case, we're in the market for infill acquisitions, and we consider that a core competency. We look for those opportunities in all of our business lines, in all of our regions of the world. We'll do that this year, as we always do. In terms of bigger strategic opportunities, those are less frequent. We believe they will still arise from time to time. And I think it's worth remembering, sometimes, people look back and think, wow, there was a lot of these big strategic deals going on at one point, and that isn't the case now. The reality of it is, those big game-changing strategic deals have been coming along about every 5 years. So it was about 2001 that the Insignia acquisition happened. About 2006, 5 years later, the Trammell Crow Company acquisition happened. 2011, late the year before last, the ING acquisition happened. We think those big opportunities will be out there, and we continue to look for them. But on a regular ongoing basis, we have our people around the world and across our business lines looking for infill acquisitions. And we do believe that the balance sheet actions that were taken in the first quarter certainly make it easier to do that.
Robert E. Sulentic: There's additional point there that's worth making, Brandon, and that is, that on the property management or asset services side, we've ramped up very significantly over the last couple of years a premier properties initiative. A lot of the new wins that we've had have been in this premier properties class, which tends to be high-end office buildings around the world, which tends to generate higher revenues per square foot than some of the things that were in our portfolio historically. So that's been a very nice shift in product mix that helps on the revenue and profitability side but doesn't show up in the square footage measures.
Robert E. Sulentic: We've thought about that, Brandon, and the reality of it is there's so many places with so many clients that you have to connect your people around the world now and across product lines to serve these clients that it would be impossible to come up with a compensation model that are on a rifle-shot basis awarded incremental comp to people who cooperated with each other. And we explicitly addressed that and decided not to do that. We talked to our people about it. So we get at it in 2 ways. Number one, we really aggressively push and preach the notion here that the way you'll be compensated for this is that the whole firm will do better. We'll serve our clients better. We'll land more clients. And in the long run, everybody will benefit. And I think that there's been a lot of buy-in to that notion in our company. The other thing we do that's much more direct and explicit is among our management team, the people that run the business, people that do a better job of generating coordination around the company and collaboration are the people that get promoted. They're the people that get the good assignments, and they're the people that become the bigger leaders in the company. And that's become a very prominent notion within the enterprise.
Robert E. Sulentic: Well, again, Brandon, I want to -- this is an important point, and I want to stress it because I don't want it to be missed. The kind of quarterly run rate of these incremental investments we've made in the platform, so to speak, the nonproducing part of the business that supports the producing part, that impact in absolute dollars should be roughly the same and, frankly, may even go slightly down on a quarter-to-quarter basis against ever-growing revenues. So the impact you'll see from that will diminish over the course of the year. And in terms of market-facing hires, particularly in our transaction or brokerage businesses, we have very aggressive plans there, and I'm going to let Jack comment on that because he is quarterbacking that for us globally.
Robert E. Sulentic: Okay, I'm going to comment generally, and then again I'm going to ask Jack to comment on investment sales because he is closest to our transactional business. But in general, we're expecting a better year this year versus last year in EMEA. The growth rates that you saw in the first quarter were pretty strong, and it's always important to caution 2 things. Number one, the first quarter is a small quarter, so relatively small numbers can have big percentage impact. And we saw some really big percentage impact. They did a really, really nice job in the first quarter in EMEA. But those kind of growth numbers, I don't think you can extrapolate throughout the course of the year. We'd love to see them, and we think our team is going to have a nice year in EMEA, but I don't think you can extrapolate those kind of growth numbers across the year because, a, it's one quarter and, b, it's a small quarter. We think it's going to be a better year, though, than last year. Jack, you might want to comment on the expectations for investment sales.
Robert E. Sulentic: Yes, David. First of all, it's important to note that the FX impact alone took the Assets Under Management from what would have been slightly positive to negative over the course of the quarter. We also are doing exactly what our clients in that business want us to do and that is we're selling assets because it's a very good time to be selling assets. So the combination of those 2 things is really what accounted for that decline. We expect this to be a very good year in terms of new capital raising and materially better than last year.
Robert E. Sulentic: Will, this is Bob. I think the -- just in a nutshell, we believe business confidence around the world is going to grow somewhat as the year wears on. And when business people are confident in their businesses, they tend to lease space, and when they're nervous, they don't. And leasing decisions can be turned off and on pretty quickly. So if we're wrong about business confidence growing, then we'll be wrong about our enthusiasm for the leasing business growing as the year moves on.
Robert E. Sulentic: Sure. Well, as you know, tracking leasing is not quite as transparent as tracking sales, right? So it's not as much of an exact science. We do the best we can. There are firms out there like a CoStar, as an example, that I would say that the market actually was down significantly quarter-over-quarter. We believe that it was down slightly, and yet we were able to grow our revenues there by picking up share. One of the reasons for that, of course, I think is the change in buyer behavior, actually. Our clients now are buying in a more consolidated manner as opposed to a one-off manner. And we are well positioned to win that business and to service that business. And so we are taking share, as a result, from some of our competitors.
Robert E. Sulentic: The project management revenue is less recurring than the facilities management revenue, and probably roughly comparably recurring with the transaction management revenue that we do for our Global Corporate Services customers. And I don't think that I would try to read too much into what might go on for the rest of the year relative to that project management work in Europe. First of all, it's not a dominant number. It's material to first quarter when it happens. But if the same thing happened in the third or fourth quarter, it wouldn't have a comparable effect on our numbers.
Gil Borok: Yes, Anthony, it's Gil. With minimal breakage, so to speak, it pretty much was considered in the guidance. So it obviously didn't play out exactly as we planned it, but bottom line, it is considered in the guidance.
Gil Borok: And then just following on from that, Anthony, I would say that, as I've said many times before, we don't have a menu that excludes any use of cash. Buyback is on the menu. But at the moment, as it has been for some time, it's pretty low down. We would conserve cash and capacity to do the types of things that Bob was talking about, whether that be infill or strategic M&A, whether that be co-investments in our principal businesses and/or whether that be debt pay down before we would consider doing something on the equity side.
Gil Borok: Brandon, it's Gil. Let me just take the square footage question, which has been -- first of all, when you see the chart, there is rounding. But there has been perhaps less growth than when you look back 4 or 5 years. And I think the crux of the question was how do you tie that to the revenue growth? Well, when we look at the Global Corporate Services business and quote a 12% growth rate globally and 15% in the Americas, that includes the entire business, which I think you'll recall includes transaction management, where we've seen accelerated growth in more recent years. That obviously doesn't translate into square footage. We're also seeing good growth in project management, and that doesn't translate into square footage. So it's really facilities management for occupiers and property management for landlords, that revenue would have a correlation to square footage. And then I remind you that asset services is 2/3 of the $3 billion under management, and that's growing a lot slower. So there isn't -- it's not apples-to-apples. The portion of the business, the facilities management portion of the business, that is growing faster under GCS is correlating better, that subset is correlating better to revenue.
Gil Borok: That's hard for me to do off the cuff. I wasn't expecting that question. But I -- the investment on people was in the, call it, in the -- maybe this will be helpful for you, in the $3 million to $5 million range.
Gil Borok: So, Will, on the normalized basis, it's apples-to-apples. But I think we didn't -- it hasn't been as highlighted in the Q&A, but certainly in our prepared remarks, we did talk about the principal businesses also having an impact on margin. That was normal activity, and I'm talking about normalized margin. So we had higher equity earnings in the prior year in the development business than we had co-investment returns in the investment management business that will hire to the tune of $3 million to $4 million. And that's the other reason that we've got margin compression. And again, in the first 90 days of the year, that type of amount makes an impact, a bigger impact on margin dealing with a smaller base.
Gil Borok: Yes, I can. And it's going to change quarter-by-quarter, obviously going down each quarter, particularly after we call the 11.625% notes in June. So the full year number is going to be around $145 million, but it's not going to be ratable. It'll still be around $40 million in Q2 and then around $30 million in each of 3 and 4.
Gil Borok: Yes, it is a run rate. You're looking on the P&L, on the press release, you're seeing $46 million. The normalized equivalent is around $40 million, both of which is indicative of the year. So it's $46 million GAAP per quarter, $40 million normalized per quarter.
Gil Borok: Well, in answer that question, let me split the Development Services business from Global Investment Management. We said, or we have said, that Development Services would not be as strong as it was in 2012. We had a few large sales in '12 that aren't going to recur, and that has a lot to do with starts and when -- the downturn in '08 and '09, we've been harvesting certain projects that were held for a little while, but the stocks have been down in more recent years. It's going to take a little while for that business to get back to normal activity. So bifurcating that from Global Investment Management on the other hand, where we see moderate improvement, you've got to remember that '12 was obviously a significant improvement, when we added in ING REIM for the full year. We don't have that going for us this year. We do have some tension in Europe with regard to the situation there. That is impacting the business. On the other, we've got more robust activity in the U.S. So all in all, moderate improvement in that business, development clearly will be down.
Jack Durburg: Sure. Brandon, as you know we're always looking to bring new talent into the firm, and we do that consistently. So we are increasing the productivity of our producers, and we're bringing in new talent on a regular basis across all 3 regions.
Jack Durburg: Sure. Thanks, Bob. Well said. We do believe that there's going to be moderate improvement throughout the rest of the year, notwithstanding the difficult environment throughout Europe. There's still a lot of capital, cross-border capital chasing safety and core assets. I think one important point to note around the growth of our -- in our first quarter was the addition of Franc Warwick, who made a significant impact, and that was a recruitment that we made in 2012, the results of which we're seeing in the first quarter. So going forward, cautious optimism around the sale side. Right now most of the activity is still core assets in core markets, really with a flight to safety. Hopefully, as this market stabilizes and moderately improves, we may see then our investors chasing a little bit more yield and moving out of those core markets, but we really haven't seen much of that yet.
Jack Durburg: So you really have to look at it region-by-region to answer the question. We do believe that in the Americas, we are moderately improving. And so that's part of the answer. In EMEA, as well as difficult as it is in that environment, we do believe the second half of the year will be better than the first half, and there may be some moderate improvements there as well. In Asia-Pacific, difficult environment. Currently, the multinationals are slow to make decisions. A lot of the activity is from domestic firms, but we do believe that, going through the course of '13, that there'll be some moderate improvement in leasing activity there as well. So when you roll that all up together, the global outlook is moderate improvement.
