Bob Sulentic: Thank you, Steve. CBRE had a very strong start to 2014 with excellent growth on the top and bottom lines as you have seen in our press release. These results reflect the ongoing investments we have made in professional talent and resources to further support our people in creating value for our clients. Jim will take you through the results in detail, but I will briefly hit a few highlights. First, we achieved significant growth in all three global regions. EMEA set a brisk pace with double-digit organic growth in every major business line. We were pleased to see activity pickup in Europe as investor and business confidence has improved in step with the recovering economies. In particular, we saw continued strength in the United Kingdom, where our efforts to diversify our business lines and accelerate growth continue to pay dividends. The acquisition of Norland Managed Services, which we will discuss in detail later, was a key contributor to our results in EMEA and supplemented strong organic growth across business lines in the region. We also sustained double-digit growth in the Americas, our largest business segment. This resulted from empowering our sector leading professionals with increasingly differentiated resources to expand our client base and grow market share. Our Asia-Pacific business also performed well in the first quarter. Despite continued occupier and investor caution, we generated 18% revenue growth in local currency fueled by property sales. However, like the past few quarters weakened currencies in the region served to temper our growth rate when translated into U.S. dollars. On the M&A front, after acquiring 11 companies in 2013, we completed two infill acquisitions in the first quarter of this year, one in the U.S., and one in Europe and have an active pipeline of attractive acquisition candidates. Please turn to Slide 5. We continue to benefit from the measured investments we are making to support our professionals as they work together to provide integrated service to our clients. This is central to our growth strategy and helped us build market share and enjoy strong growth in nearly all business lines. Occupier outsourcing revenue, which includes certain transaction revenue, increased 61% on a global basis. Even before the significant contributions from Norland, we achieved double-digit growth of 12% in this business line globally. Norland is included in our results for the first time following the completion of its acquisition in late December 2013. In terms of new business, Q1 2014 was one of our most active periods ever for new occupier outsourcing contracts and expansions. Global leasing revenue grew at a double-digit rate for the third consecutive quarter as we made additional gains in market share. All three regions showed strong growth led by EMEA. Global property sales revenue rose 27% reflecting an active global investment market and CBRE’s central role in facilitating cross-border capital flows. While revenue rose strongly in all regions, growth in EMEA was particularly robust. Growth in commercial mortgage brokerage revenue improved despite the decline as expected in lending activity with the U.S. government-sponsored enterprises or GSEs. This decline was more than offset by increased U.S. loan originations to other capital sources and sharply higher loan sales activity. All of this added up to robust financial performance, including growth of 26% in revenue and 56% in adjusted EPS. Needless to say, we are very pleased to deliver this kind of growth to our shareholders and we thank our people for their hard work in bringing about such a positive outcome. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim for a more in-depth review of the quarter.
Bob Sulentic: Anthony, this is Bob. We certainly experienced a very positive market on the capital markets side. We do think we took share around the world. In the U.S., we were – we kind of performed with market in terms of market share, but in EMEA and Asia-Pacific on the capital markets or sales side, our growth was significantly higher than market. In the U.S. and in EMEA both, we believe our leasing growth was significantly higher than the market, not good statistics on leasing growth in Asia-Pacific, we had some nice growth ourself 13% in local currency. We believe we outperformed the market, but it’s hard to get good statistics over there on that. But in general, capital markets strong, we performed well, leasing markets sluggish, we felt like we performed well relative to market in both.
Bob Sulentic: I will say there is an interesting dimension to this, Anthony, and that is that we are meeting with increasing success in raising capital to be moved from one region of the world to the other, particularly from Asia, to the other regions of the world both in funds and in separate accounts as Jim said.
Bob Sulentic: Brad, I would just say, as you noted, the first quarter is a small percentage of the profits for the year typically and it was a very strong first quarter. So it wouldn’t be surprising or that noteworthy if the quarter ended up being a few basis points or a few percentage points higher percentage of income than prior years.
Bob Sulentic: Just the way they are cycle planned to get a little more project management work in the first quarter within long-term contracts. But it is a more stable quarter-to-quarter business. It’s a little heavier in the first quarter.
Bob Sulentic: No changes of note, the things that are driving revenue are what we would have expected to drive revenue. Our brokers did a great job. By the way and as it relates to our brokers the one thing nobody has asked us about yet, but last year we talked a lot about brokerage recruiting and having a record year for brokerage recruiting that momentum has continued into this year. So when you think about how the rest of the year is going to play out one of the things that we will have is, we will have the good news of having on boarded more brokers, but we will also have the early cost associated with that additional staff ahead of when the revenue comes on.
Bob Sulentic: I would say we are seeing a couple of large deals that people are talking about in the marketplace and what’s being quoted sounds quite frothy on the more day to day infill transactions that we are seeing in the market. We don’t see that really, it’s been relatively consistent.
Bob Sulentic: It’s a little bit like here only, many years behind and that every time a company does it and they have some success and their peers in the marketplace observe that success, then the peers get more likely to do it. The other thing that happens is as the business picks up momentum and this has been a big issue here in the States. The base of people that are able to deal with outsourcing on the buy side, so in the States over the years the number of corporate real estate executives out there or corporate treasurers or corporate CFOs that would know how to deal with an outsourcing arrangement grows. As those professionals circulate around the industry, that’s starting to happen a little bit in Europe and Asia. And so it’s a build just based on some natural factors as a little bit more is done there is a reason for the next bit of it to be done based on experience and people out there knowing how to do it.
Bob Sulentic: It’s certainly changed sentiment in Russia and maybe a little bit of the rest Eastern Europe. It hasn’t had a big impact on our business, because we don’t have a big business in Russia, but it has some impact on sentiment. It hasn’t had a meaningful impact on sentiment throughout the continent.
Bob Sulentic: Yes, it’s a little bit difficult to break it down in that way, but I would say as the market leader, there is a certain amount of critical mass and momentum and when you add to that some infill M&A over time and additional recruiting and then just cross activity between the lines of business, everything has helped us build some market share.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we had a very clear strategy in pursuing Norland and that strategy was that we wanted to be able to provide the full suite of Global Corporate Services occupier outsourcing capabilities. We knew that we were weak as it related to the delivery of building engineering services. And we knew that was a missing link, it was not allowing us to win some deals and it was not allowing us to do everything we normally do for some of the clients we had. This fit perfectly in that regard and it has played out at least as well as we hoped it would. The Norland team is really quite strong, so when we introduced them to an existing client, an existing CBRE client their reputation is well known in the market and they are quickly received, we ticked off in our opening remarks some of the clients that we have been able to introduce them to. That’s been it – I wouldn’t say it’s been a pleasant surprise, it’s been pleasant. We weren’t all that surprised by it, so it’s worked quite well.
Bob Sulentic: Well, we think the – our pipeline and the marketplace is as you say fairly durable. Now, there is a couple of things going on, some markets like Spain and Ireland are emerging. The biggest market over there of course London, there is concern about whether or not there is going to be enough product to meet the demand and so on and so forth. So, we think there is – it’s a durable situation. It is worth noting that the compares are going to get tougher towards the end of the year, because if you go to last year as you remember the end of last year, the market was dramatically better than it was at the start of last year. So, we are still working off of relatively weak compares first half of this year, those compares will get stronger of course the back half of the year.
Jim Groch: Yes, sure, Bob. On CapEx, really I would say same guidance that we gave at year end. We were expecting to be somewhere up to $185 million in CapEx for the year. M&A, Bob you mentioned M&A, M&A is really dependent on the opportunities we continue to be very active, but we haven’t given an estimate on what we expect to spend there. Okay, thanks.
Jim Groch: I would probably just echo a little bit of what Bob said. From a return standpoint, we are well in excess – our targets are well in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. And Norland is off to a great start and we expect it to be quite a strong financial deal for our investors.
Jim Groch: Yes, it’s a bit of a mix of everything, to be honest with you, from around the world. We have not broken out the capital as to what buckets it’s in, but it’s pretty broadly based across most of our businesses, including kind of typical real estate private equity funds at one end and down to core separate accounts at the other end.
Jim Groch: We did take a hit on that activity as we expected in the first quarter. But as you know we were able to offset that with other sources of capital. I think we would expect to continue to see a bit of a hit in the second quarter. And then after that our best guess is that it shouldn’t be much of an issue.
