Matthew Ellis: Good morning Phil. I will take the first question. So the target leverage we haven't specified an exact number there but as we have said consistently we want to strengthen the balance sheet. The additional proceeds from the benefit of tax reform allow us to get there little faster. The key here is to have a strong balance sheet that allows us to pursue and execute on our strategy as quickly and as efficiently as we can. So as we say we haven't given an exact leverage target but you should expect us to deleverage from where we are today. We said previously getting into the same type of profile that we had prior to the Vodafone transaction, so I think that gives you a general review at the direction we would like to head. In terms of the rating agencies not had any specific conversations with them since tax reform happened about how that may change their views but certainly it gives us the ability to bring the leverage down at a little faster rates and we look forward to doing that through [‘18] and we will continue to have conversations with them and put the balance sheet in a place where it continues to support the business.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Simon. So, I'll take the first part of that on the adoption of revenue recognition. So, a couple of things that firstly we created an opening balance sheet adjustment to reflect some of the treatment of open contracts, assuming they had been recorded under the new standard. Remember, unlike most adoption of accounting standards, the prior periods are not being recast and so you'll have it all difference between the accounting standards for the 2018 numbers versus the 2017 comparison. You'll see that so as we go through the year. And we report '18 on the new standard. We'll also give a view as what '18 would have looked like if it's been under the old standard as well. So, in terms of breaking those pieces apart as we said in AK last week, total revenue won't have any significant impact from the change but there will be a change in geography. We'll record more equipment revenue unless service revenue initially based off that change and how we treat contracts that are still subsidized which is primarily our B2B contracts. And in the biggest impact of the EBITDA line's going to come from how we treat commissions and rather than taking those commission expenses and expensing them immediately when they're incurred, they'll get spread over the life of or the estimated life of the underlying customer contract. Now, the opening balance sheet adjustment is only for the open contracts that had a 24-month commitment or promo cost. So, it doesn't relate to all of the contracts. So, that's why you'll see a build-up in that over the next two years. So, we said the net benefit in '18 to be about $0.9 billion to $1.2 billion because of the change in accounting standards; most of that coming from the commission's line. We didn’t break it up by quarter but I think you should expect it not to be too dissimilar from quarter-to-quarter as we go through the year. And then the impact in '18 would be bigger than it will be in '19 and then it'll be largely immaterial by the time we get to '20 because that contract asset builds up on the balance sheet. We'll reach a plateau level where the ins and outs are equal, by the time we get into '18 they won't be materially different. So, hopefully that answers your question on rev rec.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, John. Good morning. So, year-end ago we talked about the low single-digit GAAP earnings. And we talked about a few below-the-line items in the straight path will be dilutive because we're largely paying for that transaction in shares. And you will see an uptick in D&A cost because of the transactions we did last year. But we're confident the underlying earnings are improving. You're seeing that come through the service revenue on the wireless side to the business. You saw that number improve to just a negative 2.9 in the fourth quarter. And then we said on an apples-to-apples basis getting back to flat-to-positive by the middle part of the year. So, excited that we've completed that journey of transitioning the base and look forward to continuing to see wireless revenue growth from there. Wireline, I think in 2018 will be on a similar trajectory that you've seen in the past couple of years. Although as we continue to deploy more fiber in the network, it gives us opportunities to replace some of those earnings that were on copper based products with fiber based products which should be more sustainable going forward. So, net you should certainly see an improvement in the earnings profile of the company versus the last couple of years. And then you mentioned the charitable contribution in your comment. I want to be clear that the guide is before the impact of tax reform and revenue recognition and when we say before the impact of tax reform we also mean the net impact of tax reform which includes the contribution to the foundation and the employee piece. So, the low single-digit EPS guide is before that $0.5 to $0.6 impact of those couple of initiatives Lowell described, which is baked into that $0.55 to $0.65 positive impact from tax reform. So, hopefully that gives you a little more clarity on the moving parts within there. But it's built off the underlying earnings profile been stronger year-over-year.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Mike. So, I'll start off with the wireless front question and then Lowell can get onto fiber. Look, we had a great year on the wireless performance. The net ads were very strong as I mentioned, our smartphone net ads at 1.8 million for the year up 34% year-over-year. So, we really saw a significant change. Today we launched unlimited back in February of last year and from that point forward, we have competed very effectively in the marketplace and it really allow customers to have a similar currency to compare different carriers on and the value proposition is resonating. And despite all the noise that you hear from other people and the claims you hear from other people, the network quality matters. We saw that numerous times throughout the year and we see that in the performance we had on net ads whether it be the new activations coming in or the churn that we'd had. So, each of the last three quarters of the year, phone churn was below 0.8% and I think that tells you how much customers enjoy being on the Verizon network. So, you ask about the game of source. Look, we're happy of what we've seen so far. Obviously, Comcast is on and Charter has said they expect to be on later this year. And as we say consistently we like those agreements and we signed them in 2011 and we're happy to be doing them today. And we'll see how they play out but everything we've seen so far is in line with our expectations and we're glad to have that traffic on that network and monetize in that traffic based on what those companies are doing with those agreements. And in terms of what the competitors are doing. Look, they bundle a number of things into their services during the course of last year and our numbers have staid very consistent. So, at the end of the day, the quality of the network that the device is on is of fundamental importance. And overall, when you look at our value proposition, it continues to resonate strongly.
Matthew Ellis: The only other thing I'd add to that, Craig, and I'd kind of come back to the comments that Hans Vestberg made earlier this month that "In our Industry, the nature of the way that we spend money, having significant increases and decreases is in a fashion the way we deploy CapEx." So, we're certainly looking at given as you say tax reform can change that some of the return math, but we'll be methodical about it. And there's a lot of planning that goes into our capital spending before we get to it. And so, that's why you see us making the comments we do. We certainly look forward having the right opportunities in front of us. But you will us do it methodically and do it in the way that creates the greatest value.
Matthew Ellis: And so, I'll just add one other piece to that, I agree exact low set about 5G and you should think about 4G network. We've always said these three things. Spectrum is a densification in the architecture and then the technology. I can tell you over the past few months there's been a number of technology upgrades to the network and you will see in that in the network performance a number of those we deployed in the back end of the fourth quarter, so significant amount of additional capacity being added to the network as we head into '18, again without having to go acquire additional spectrum. But I do expect you to ask that question on those who's going forward. It would be a kind of a miss if people didn't. In terms of your question on how much we are paying back on fiber end, that's not a number we disclose. We really don't break out the income statement by individual line items, we're not going to start doing that now. But I would just say as we think about fiber, we look at the most economic way of getting it irrespective of where it shows up in the financial statements and we'll continue to do that.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Amir. Let me take the first one on the $10 billion number over the next four years that Lowell mentioned in September and we have talked about little since then. Look, what every area of the business is where we're looking and we believe that there is opportunities across every area of the business. Obviously network; cost are significant part, distribution; is something we're taking a close look at customer care or the back office type activities. Essentially there is no area of the business it isn't going to get examined as part of this exercise because this imperative we make sure that we're as efficient a company as we can be as we go forward. From a timing standpoint, I can tell you we've embedded the 2018 targets for this activity in each of the business units operating plans for the year. And I look forward to discussing the results that we achieved on this as we go forward in '18 and into the future.
Lowell McAdam: And Phil, good morning. I guess my first comment is I guess it's nice to be loved. So there certainly is a lot of interest here which frankly we ignored. But I think in seriousness there is a lot of movement in this area right now and we don't even know whether AT&T is going to get approved. It's clear that the messages that Disney and Fox are sending is that scale matters. So we look at this but you have to take a look at whether being a big independent distributor is a reasonable alternative to owning content. And I think until all of this shakes out you really can't determine whether that's a path we would be interested in but I can say unequivocally there is nothing going on right now without considering a large media play. In fact if you look at our actions things like the NBA and the NFL announcement that we have made in the last few weeks we think being a great partner being able to monetize through advertising and being independent is a very good place to play for us right now. And that's still further notice that's what our investors should assume we are doing.
Lowell McAdam: Okay, and Simon on 5G. As you indicated, we shared a lot of information in November. The trials are continuing to go extremely well for us. We have more than 200 sites up online. We continue to learn every day. The distances that we shared are and the throughputs are very consistent up to about 2000 feet, which is much better than we expected. We're doing more testing around throughputs. We're seeing 10 Gigabits of peak throughputs. So, we're very comfortable with being able to deliver a gigabit of service at everyone that we're providing service to. As you may have seen the new standard, the global standard was approved in December and we've announced with Qualcomm bringing chips online that will fit that standard in the second half of '18. So, we will be deploying with our proprietary standard but also very quickly in '18 coming on with the global standard as well. If you saw what was going on at CES, there was a lot of discussion about devices and we believe that there will be mobile devices late in 2018 and then more available as we get into 2019. If you saw just last week, the FCC approved our purchase of straight path and so we're excited about moving that forward to close. So, as far as execution goes and pops, we're placing the fiber that we need now as we shared and I know you were there. In November, we shared the number of incremental sites that you need over a densified 4G network, is much smaller than we had expected. So, we're not seeing that sort of capital intensity that some were assuming. So, as you indicated, we've announced Sacramento. We have three to five plan for the year. I am personally out meeting with some of the mayors talking about what we're going to be providing and the reception has been extremely positive. So, as you know, it takes a little while to work through the city governments and get these things approved. But Sacramento is a terrific model for us. We continue to build that partnership and I wouldn’t suspect it'll be too much longer before you'll see the other cities announce. And then we can be more specific on pops. But as far as capital goes, Matt told you what our guidance was for the year. We are reallocating the capital that we have been spending. We don’t see any upward pressure of this in this year. And we'll be able to determine the return on invested capital as we go through these trials in these commercial launches and we'll share more information as the year moves along.
Lowell McAdam: Okay. Well, let me start out Brett, on that, and then Matt and certainly add in. on the competitive front, you've been around me for years. I have said from 1983, when I got involved in telecom and wireless, that it's an extremely competitive market. And that competition can come from different places at different times but it's always very strong. Verizon has never been one to lead the market down from a price perspective and we're certainly not going to change that now. Our focus inside the business is to use the assets that we have in our portfolio today like owe to be competitive in ways that the others can't compete. And as we roll 5G out, we see much more opportunity to be innovative as a way to be competitive versus using tax reform to just take our prices down. Now, on your enterprise front. I think we've all been very pleased at how the market and the economy has run up here since tax reform. And just like we're positioning ourselves to be able to execute and accelerate our strategies, I see other businesses doing the same thing. And telecom is such an important part to the productivity measures of a lot of these enterprises, we do see the opportunity to pick this up. But we remember we're only 30 days end of the tax reform process and we're all trying to understand the implications and what we can accelerate and how we can accelerate. So, where we build our fiber, where we're deploying 5G, what enterprises are telling us they want to do with our Intelligent Edge Network is influencing where we put our capital dollars. And I expect this to continue and I expect to see things pickup.
Lowell McAdam: Okay. Then David, so your question kind of boils down to or is it organic or is it M&A and where do we see deploying fiber. So, just for everyone else on the call, we have done some M&A. XO had a fair amount of fiber and WideOpenWest had fiber that we did by M&A. But we also announced our deal with Corning, which is a multi-year deal where we're doing 12.5 million miles of fiber per year for the next three years. So, that would tell you we're sort of tilting toward organic. And our priorities are really what can we do to get off of others lease services to meet our 4G cell densification needs, then 5G, and then our enterprise customers. And we're out in markets now obviously placing fiber but it's a market-by-market analysis of the three factors that I just talked about. And frankly, the cities the meeting that we're having with the cities and what access they will give us to street furniture and conduit and those sorts of things factor into the equation. So, it's a bit fluid at this point and I wouldn’t tell you that if an opportunity came up to accelerate it through M&A, we would do it, but most of the fiber companies were built for different purposes. They were point-to-point enterprise sort of services and they don’t fit the architecture that we're building today which is multi-use fiber for Intelligent Edge Network. So, and I hope that's clear enough for you but certainly leaning toward organic builds to meet Verizon needs to drive our cost down in our performance up.
Lowell McAdam: Okay Mike, let me take where we want to have from infrastructure in a vision perspective. Look, I think it's very clear here whether you look at what's going on today with customers or what you're anticipating that you saw at CES and others from what's next that there is an insatiable demand for broadband. And it's not mobile and it's not fixed. It, customers don’t care and I think who wins is going to be able to provide them the service that they can move seamlessly from fixed to mobile. We have been a much stronger mobile company over the years but the way we're positioning our fiber deployment and the way we're positioning 5G, we will be able to disregard geography and deploy those broadband services at a much lower cost than we've ever seen at least during my career. Now for us to complete the vision, you need to be able to provide sort of those internet information services and video drives an awful lot of that. And we talked at length about taking the Oath assets to be that information source around news boards, finance and entertainment and lifestyle. And we think that the assets that we have will provide what customers need. So, and you look at the applications going forward, they will whether it's medical and healthcare services, whether it's smart cities, whether it's education, whether it's autonomous cars and transportation systems, you're going to need that sort of seamless high bandwidth. And we lump that under the title human ability. So, our focus is around giving all of our customers the capabilities to embrace these applications, so the future that are going to make their lives so much better. And so our investments they are all about providing the assets in the platforms to deliver that.
Lowell McAdam: Well Craig, I'll take that and then Matt can jump in. I guess you could accuse us of being boring but you at least should give us credit for being consistent. We have been extremely disciplined and then when we see an opportunity, we go hard. And you saw that in 3G, you saw that in 4G and you're going to see it and you're seeing it in 5G in placing fiber. We see a real opportunity here. We were the ones that stood up and said two years ago when everybody said we are way too early but we've been deliberate about it. We've gone out, we've done the field trials, we've developed the ecosystem, we worked with partners from Korea as well as the infrastructure providers were out there as I said with 200 sale sites today learning and we're going to see what commercially happens in these three to five cities. Then we'll make the decision. So, to us it's a very inconsistent that just because tax reform comes through, we're all of a sudden going to draw the line at a different place or lose that discipline. What tax reform does do is it gives us great flexibility that once we prove to ourselves that we can get a reasonable return on invested capital, we can accelerate very rapidly. And that gets the match point about we want to early on strengthen that balance sheet to give us the flexibility. But the strategies there and we are all sort of like a spring ready to expand very quickly if we need to. But we have to get through another couple of hurdles here before we make those decisions and we're not ready to say that in January of '18 but I certainly hope by fourth quarter results next year we're accelerating because we've got such a great story to tell.
Lowell McAdam: Why don’t I take the spectrum question? As you say, Jennifer, "the inevitable question." Look, there is going to be an awful lot of noise around deployment of 5G. If you recall back when we deployed 4G, there was a big scramble for everybody to try to get 3G to look like 4G and we called it 4G Faux. And you're seeing some of the same stuff right now. In order to do 5G and this is right out of the standard which we certainly agree with, you need at least a 100 megahertz of bandwidth to provide the latency, the reliability, the throughputs that really are the 5G promise. I can take 5G and I can put it on 10 megahertz of PCS if I want to. It won't perform like 5G, it will be the technology but it won't have the reliability, it won't have the throughput and it won't have the latency. So, you're going to get a lot of this, well they need this or they are depending on whether your selling spectrum or what you've got in your basket of spectrum today. But I wouldn’t change positions with anybody out there. I've got plenty of low band spectrum that works great for 4G, it's going to serve us for years to come. But in order to put all of the aspects of 5G into play, you need 100s of megahertz of bandwidth. The only one who has that in a big way in the market place is us.
Lowell McAdam: And then Amir, I guess my answer on the fiber competitive advantage is, throughout my career I have always believed and it's been reinforced many times that if you've got a critical component of your success, you better own it and control it. And that fits with our direct distribution, it fits with a lot of our customer service. We don't outsource sales. We certainly wouldn't outsource critical components of our network. As Hans has come in and put in our architecture for Intelligent Edge, owning that fiber asset is important to our financial performance as well as the performance of the network. And as we've seen time-and-time again, network competitive advantage drives customers which ultimately drives financial. So, you won't see us outsource much in the way of network unless someone has a huge scale advantage and we could negotiate very strong performance and very consistent financials that would go along with it.
Lowell McAdam: Thanks, Brady. So just a couple of final points from me. I don't come on these calls very often. I like to save that for when we've got significant changes in the business. And obviously, tax reform and our use of those funds was important for us to clarify. But there was a second reason for me to come on and I have been in this industry for 30 years and I think we're breaking into one of the most exciting times that I've seen in my career. We are on the cusp of what I call the fourth industrial revolution as we see smart city applications, the changes in medical, the changes in transportation and education; all of those are fueled by a strong telecommunications infrastructure. So, I think this is a great time for our industry overall. Obviously, I think Verizon is the best positioned to deliver that future. We've had a long history of strong operational and financial performance. We're investing in the media platforms and the fiber assets and the network and in the new technologies to meet the needs that are coming forward. And I think as I said that will be a major change in the way people live, work and play. So, I am very excited about 2018, what lies ahead for us. I look forward to sharing the results and the successes as we move forward in this year and coming on a call next year at this time and recapping one of the best years in our history. So, with that we'll close the call and we appreciate all of your time today.
