Fran Shammo: On the 49-50%, if you recall back to what I said in the first quarter, we said that we expected Verizon Wireless, for the full year, to be within the range of 49-50%. And obviously when I do something like that, I understand exactly what’s on our plate of strategy for the year. And we had said before that we look at all of our policies and procedures on a normal basis, and this was one of those policies that we knew we were going to change.  And as you said, it’s going to become effective September 1 and in essence what it does is it lessens our upgrade cycle from the -4 month from contract equal to the contract, so a full 24 months to be eligible for that upgrade. So I think that’s all factored in with what I have said coming into this year, and that’s why I was confident with the 49-50% on the full year basis.  And then with respect to Vodafone, obviously we made a public announcement on April 2 and I would reference all of you back to that announcement. Of course, as we’ve always said before, we’re very interested in acquiring the 45% stake in Verizon Wireless that we don’t already own.  I will say, though, that there has been a lot of speculation about the tax consequences of a purchase of this 45%, and we are extremely confident that such a transaction could be accomplished in a manner that is very tax-efficient, and would not result in a tax on the gain in that stake. So beyond that, I don’t think there’s really much else to say. So at that, I’ll pass it on to the next question. 
Fran Shammo: On the enterprise side of the house, we’re seeing a lot of issues around enterprise. I think the sequestering has probably hit more of the government and state side of the house than it has the overall enterprise side of the house.  But on a much broader perspective around enterprise, obviously we believe that our platforms are there. We’re having good growth in the areas of our cloud and our network strategies, our security is still growing at a good pace.  But obviously the voice and the data continue to offset this, and I don’t really see a change there given the fact that we really have not seen a consistent and steady economic growth profile. We have not seen a consistent and steady employment rate. I still think there’s some uncertainty out there around what’s going to happen with tax reform.  So again, I believe that most companies are still in this cost cutting mode, really not investing but trying to get their P&L squared away. So until the overall macroeconomics change, I think we’re going to be in this situation at least for the near term here. And then on the quad play, obviously we believe that the quad play is extremely important. That’s why we entered into the cable agreement that we did a year ago with the cross-selling agreements and also with the joint innovation that we have agreed to do. Because I think that this is very important, because as we look at how do we innovate and bring content in and outside of the home on a seamless perspective, this is where that all comes into play. And I think Dish has just, again, supported what we knew a year ago, which was this strategy is the right strategy. The other thing I’ll say is that with this, it also supports the fact that you have a foreign investor who wants to come into the North American wireless footprint. You have a domestic investor who wants to gain share in the wireless footprint. This again just confirms our overall belief that the wireless industry still has a lot of growth left in it, both on the quad play and with the innovation of machine-to-machine and 4G LTE. So I think that’s where we sit with the quad play. 
Fran Shammo: On the wholesale side of the house, I would tell you I believe that this is timing. And I think that if I had to predict what was going to happen the rest of the year, I think we’re going to be around this 8-9% decline in wholesale. And it is mainly around, again, the drive behind volumes of voice and data.  And again, it points back to everything I talked about in enterprise, because most of the volume that we get on wholesale are people who resell that to enterprise customers and other customers for voice and data. So I agree with you. It has slowed a bit, but I think we’re probably in a period of it’s not going to improve here in the future. As far as prepaid goes, I guess a couple of things here. As I’ve said before, in the prepaid market, we will look for niches to play that really complement what we want to be as a carrier in the prepaid market. And I’ve said before, we’re not going to chase the low end on our retail side of the house, but we will look for niches where we can make impact.  And I guess I would say this is the eighth consecutive quarter of a net add positive on our prepaid in retail. As you said, we launched new pricing here in the first quarter. It was mid first quarter, so we don’t really have the full impact of the quarter here on what we launched as smartphone pricing, which was the first time we’d launched a smartphone pricing on prepaid. We also launched a $35 plan to really go after the basic phone category with a little bit of data in that.  So you’re seeing us become, I wouldn’t say over aggressive, but maybe a little bit more aggressive. But again, it ties into our network strategy of using the 3G network and keeping that network full, because it contributes a lot of margin. The other thing is, as I’ve said in the past, we will always play in both arenas, between retail and wholesale, depending upon what drives the most value for Verizon shareholders.  And you saw this quarter, through a relationship that we have with one of our resellers, with the distribution agreement to Walmart, we added 1 million net subs on that side of the house, which was really all prepaid subs.  So, again, balancing out where we think the most favorable financial position is for us, to get the greatest return. That’s how you’ll see us going forward in the prepaid market.
Fran Shammo: Verizon Wireless debt gross is $10 billion, cash is $3.9 billion, for a net of $6.2 billion. On the device lineup, obviously if you look at what we have done over the last two years, what we plan to do coming here in the fourth quarter, if you look at the ecosystem of these devices, these are highly subsidized devices, and we have to make sure that we position the value to Verizon and the value to our customer on an equal basis.  So what you’ve seen over the last two years in modifying the policies to make sure that we can still offer a great lineup of phones at a reasonable price to our consumers for a two-year service contract, you’re seeing us lengthen that cycle.  And to be honest, we’re not seeing a lot of resistance here. You have to understand that a lot of the upgrades were proactive by us, not by our customers. And so we’re really just repositioning that the date of an upgrade is two years now instead of, say, 20 months.  We don’t anticipate that there will be a lot of dissatisfaction here, but we have to watch this carefully. Obviously we want to give our customers the most choice that we possibly can. We think we have a great lineup. We have a lot of choices.  On the shared side of the house, we are not seeing resistance on people converting to shared. Actually, we’re much ahead of what our expectations were. We have 30% of our base now on shared. And that continues to go up.  Also, within the shared plan, we’re seeing exactly what we thought would happen. As people move to 4G, and you heard that 68% of our upgrades are to 4G, that’s driving usage, which is also driving up the higher tiers, driving the revenue profile.  And also, the connected devices. As we said the last call, we see that when people come in as a new Verizon customer, their actual device attachment is much lower than our base, but over that 9 to 12 months, we see them attaching more devices and moving up to where the average of our overall base is.  So we continue to see that happening, and it’s all about customer service as well, not just when an upgrade period is. So I think we’re hitting on all cylinders here, but we have to watch this carefully. 
Fran Shammo: On the upgrade policy, obviously these decisions from us are done based on a lot of customer input and customer feedback and focus groups. So we don’t just jump into these things. You saw us do that when we implemented the $30 upgrade fee. So we’re very diligent in how we do this. As far as customer contracts and ETFs, we’ve managed this since we started with service agreements and 24 months.  So this is nothing new, and look, I think we compete on a number of fronts. It’s not just on a service contract or pricing. We compete on our outstanding network. So when you look at our network and reliability, the 4G network and our superiority, I think if you compare our network with others that you have to say we’re the leader in the market as far as reach, as far as consistency of performance. So when you go to connect that data session, it connects, you get the speed that we advertise on a consistent basis. You look at the Share Everything plan, and the options we have there and the flexibility within that plan. If you look at the number of our device lineups.  So all of this, including our great customer service from our customer service centers, this all goes into why our churn is the lowest in the industry, and will continue to be the lowest in the industry. And this is what we work for every single day. It’s tackling the basics, as I said in my opening comments. So again, we manage all of this.  As far as data and offload to wifi, obviously customers offload to wifi, but what we see is, again, because of the superiority of our network, and because of the authentication that our network has, we actually want people to offload when they’re in their homes, but when they’re out in public areas, they want to stay on our network, because it is authenticated, it is secure, and a lot of wifi networks outside the home are not secure. So I think that plays into that as well. But we do think that wifi is a good offload in certain circumstances, but not all. 
Fran Shammo: Well, I think that all hinges on the upgrade, right? So when we came into this year, I said that our upgrades would be flat with a year ago. So it’s obviously sequentially. I think that’s what you’re looking at. It is a considerable decrease, because of the volume that we had in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter.
Fran Shammo: So around this, again, I go back to, if you look at the history of basic phones and what happened over time, again I think the smartphone category will also follow this, where, as the competition and innovation, as new phones come to market - obviously Blackberry is coming back into the market, we have the Windows phone - so as more ecosystem comes here and more competition happens, the cost of these phones will eventually start to decrease.  And we’ve already seen some of this competition happen in certain categories, with the decrease of smartphones. We’ve launched smartphones in prepaid. That gives you an indication that there’s some low end smartphones out there, because we really don’t subsidize much on the prepaid product.  So again, as the ecosystem builds, I think this will follow what historically the basic phone did over the last 10 years that that was maturing. And that’s what’s going to impact the lower subsidies over time. And of course then, as I’ve said in the past, as we move into our 4G and our VoLTE launch, which we’ll start to have VoLTE capable phones, we think, by the end of this year. We’ll commercially launch early next year.  And as we do that, and our footprint of 4G LTE really covers that of the 3G network and the experiences there, then we’ll start to take the CDMA chip out of those handsets. So again, that will impact subsidy going forward. So I think we have a good roadmap here that says our strategy, we believe that we can start to reduce subsidy over a length of two to three years. So I think that’s what our position is. 
Fran Shammo: I think this goes back to customer satisfaction, and as I said before, we don’t incent our front lines to sell one phone over another. This is a customer choice. Because again, the worst thing that can happen to us is force a phone into a customer’s hands and within our return policy of 14 days worry free, they can come back and return that phone for dissatisfaction for any reason. And we give them a new phone. That is not a good financial model.  So we want the customer, when they walk out the door, to have the right phone in their hand, whatever phone they choose, and to make sure that they’re educated to use that phone. So that’s what’s more important to us, instead of locking them into a low subsidy handset that they’re going to be dissatisfied with. 
Fran Shammo: I think that’s going to come into play in ’14, so we’ll keep you posted on that. But the strategy is to eventually, within these 4G LTE devices, to remove that chip at some point in time. So I think that’s where we’re at.
Fran Shammo: First, on the all categories growth, as I said in my prepared remarks, last year when we came into the first quarter I said that we would look at continuing to accelerate our growth through the year, and I think we’re on plan to do that again this year.  As far as the mix of growth here, it’s really evenly spread among all devices. So we had net gains in smartphone customers, we had net gains in our home phone connect product. We had net gains in fusion, tablets, internet devices, prepay. So it’s across the gamut that we are driving on every single device. So it’s not one device over another, but we think that we will continue to grow each individual category on a net positive basis.  As far as cash flow goes, there’s all kinds of things that happen in cash taxes during the quarter. We pay a lot of property tax, a lot of sales tax. There is a federal estimated tax that’s in the first quarter. So again, I think that’s included in maybe some separate line items that you’re not seeing. But we did make some cash tax payments in the first quarter.
Fran Shammo: I think it’s an important question, so let’s just back up a second. So the FCC, right now, is targeting 2014 for the auctions, and is working to develop the rules around the auction process. Obviously we’re working very closely with the FCC and the broadcasters and others in the industry to develop the rules around these auctions and make them successful.  Really our basis is we want to ensure that the FCC develops and implements the auctions in a way that allows Verizon Wireless to bid for and acquire the additional spectrum that it needs to run its business.  As you know, the FCC, they need to maximize the amount of spectrum available for mobile broadband services and ensure the auction is designed to encourage the broadcasters themselves to participate. These rules that restrict companies from bidding and give other companies priority could actually cause the auction to fail.  So as you know, the DOJ recently this week weighed in on a theoretical concern about the market foreclosure. We believe the concern is really around some who buy the spectrum to keep others from buying the spectrum, and I think if you look at history, that has not shown itself. Verizon has never purchased spectrum for that reason. We buy it to use it, and I think our track record is we really efficiently use the spectrum that we have.  And I think the secondary market is another important one here, because we’ve proved that the secondary market worked in 2012 by divesting some of the spectrum that we felt others could use more appropriately than we could. So I think this all goes into that, but I think that’s our view around the DOJ, and we will work closely with the FCC in order to make that spectrum available for the people who need it. So as far as capex and utilizing what we need, obviously we’re in a very good position with spectrum, and as I said before, when spectrum comes up, whether it’s in an auction or for sale on the open market, you have to be opportunistic, because it normally only comes up at one time, and we’re very selective on what we go after. But we have a very long term strategy with spectrum, and we’ll be opportunistic if the climate presents itself.
Fran Shammo: Just a couple of things here. Around the copper to fiber migration, obviously with this one we did have very, very good process this quarter in converting these migrations. And some of this obviously had to do with some of the Sandy impact. I would also tell you, though, that this is really a technology change, and we need to really move to the new technologies.  From a regulatory standpoint, if you look at it, the FCC has longstanding rules in place that permit copper retirement. Now, I know some of the CLECs have urged the FCC to suspend or change these rules, but we need to encourage our customers and others to move to the new technologies in order to provide our customers with the best solutions that they have.  And for many of our customers, that service is best delivered over fiber or even maybe a wireless network. And in some of these situations, we’re not going to rebuild the copper. It doesn’t make financial sense to lay fiber to some of these remote areas. So wireless may be a better solution here, and we’re working with the regulatory agencies on that.  And within Pennsylvania, a year ago, we solved some of the internet provisioning via LTE, instead of fiber. So I think the regulatory bodies are very open to it. We continue to work with them.  But as far as the copper to fiber migration for the first quarter, I think we’re off to a great start, and 300,000 is our target. That doesn’t mean we can’t exceed that, but we will continue to migrate our customers to the new technology.  As far as the breakdown between voice and internet, we really don’t despair there, because what’s happening is as we move people over to fiber, they’re coming onto the Quantum product. 27% of our base now is on Quantum, and what we’re seeing is they’re buying up in the tiers, because once they get that 15-30 MB tier, and that’s what’s helping to drive the stellar revenue performance in the consumer market of 4.3%, which is the highest I think we’ve ever had at this point, compared to some of the prior years, and consistent with what we performed in last year.  So I think we’re on a good path here to continue to produce solid wireline consumer revenue growth with our strategy that we laid out. 
Fran Shammo: On the 24-month cycle, obviously our policies are our policies, and obviously I’ll let Verizon Wireless deal with any exceptions to those policies at the front line, because again, we want to make sure the customers are satisfied. But the policy is the policy, and we want to make sure that the front line sticks to our policies. But obviously, again, as you know, there’s always an exception to the rule here and there. As far as really thinking this through, I think these are highly subsidized phones. These are miniature computers walking around. It really goes to, when you look at the demographics of the customers who upgrade, demographics play a big role in this. I mean, the younger generation wants to update to the day. Some others will hold their phones for three, even four years. So it really is a vast difference, and we’re just trying to conform everything to a consistent policy, so that it makes sense for the customer and it makes sense for us. As far as 4G LTE and data usage, as we’ve said, 54% of our data now is going over the LTE network, so that should tell you something about the usage of our 4G LTE customers. Beyond that, we’re not going to disclose any individual statistics around data usage. 
