Matthew D. Ellis: Thanks, Mike. Appreciate the question. So on the competitive environment through the quarter, I would say we saw it – outperformance in the quarter was pretty even. You saw the churn number; we came in at 0.70%. That certainly contributed to the net adds and shows that once we had a comparable offer out there against the competition, I mean, by being unlimited where the other guys are unlimited. Even with the price premium we have, it shows that customers value the high-quality network experience that we deliver, and we saw that throughout the quarter. So even as we headed into the back end of the quarter and the competitive environment picked up and some of the other offers that came out there, whether that be large bounties to switch carrier or offering free service, our performance in the back end of the quarter was consistent with where we saw it in the first part of the quarter. So we saw a great result from customers on both the gross adds side and the loyalty side once they had that comparable offer to do. So very excited about how that played out. As we head forward, second quarter is typically, seasonally, the low quarter for churn. So while we certainly expect churn to continue to be at low levels, we'll see if we get a normal seasonal uptick as we go forward. But from a competitive environment standpoint, I think we showed that we competed throughout the quarter without having to put any aggressive promotions in place in the market at any time during the quarter. In terms of 5G, I think as I said in the prepared remarks, we now have the trials up and running. It's going to be later in the year before we start to see results out of those trials. And then, in terms of the business model and economics that may come of that, it will be driven by the results we see from the trials. So too early right now to be more definitive on that, but we're still confident that we'll have a commercial product in market during 2018 and look forward to providing more details on what's coming out of the trials and the overall economics that we see when we get into the latter part of the year.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Phil. Good morning. So on the small cell rollout, we're exactly where we planned to be. I mean, our capital plan for the year, we're right on where we planned to be at the start of the year. And we are now – I would say we have small cell builds in all of the top metro markets at this point, and that's one of the reasons we have the network performance that we've had. We saw confirmation of that as recently as yesterday with another one of the third-party surveys that proves that during the first quarter of 2017, even once we were on unlimited, our network performs better than anybody else's, and that's in large part due to what we've been doing for the past number of years on small cell densification. I know you hear a lot of other people talk a lot about small cell densification now. Remember that we've been doing that for a longer time period than anyone else, and that's why we're in all of the top metro markets. And we will continue to do that. That will be a continued part of our network capacity plan. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, we have the long-term network plan that's based off continuing to deploy the spectrum that we own against the LTE network, densification, and the LTE tools that are available. So densification continues to be a very important part of our network plan.
Matthew D. Ellis: From a competitive environment (28:09) in the broadband and TV space, I think what you saw is we had a continued strong performance on the broadband side, but we also see the ongoing secular trend around video. So we continue to add high-quality broadband customers and will continue to compete on the video side, but certainly we do that in the face of the secular trends that are ongoing.
Matthew D. Ellis: I think it continues. It's not just around 4G, as we've talked in the past. As we see 5G being deployed on millimeter-wave spectrum, that's going to require a small cell deployment, and so as we put the densification in place of 4G, we're doing it in mind knowing that we've got the 5G that will be using the same dark fiber in other assets. So the densification activity will continue here for a good number of years.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, John. So on the service revenue, I think consistent with what we said earlier in the year, we see second quarter as being the low point and the 6.7% for 2Q will become something better then in 3Q. And in my prepared remarks I believe I – you heard me say that we'll be inside of negative 4% in the fourth quarter. So in terms of how do we get there, we talked about that 75% of the base in second quarter was on unsubsidized pricing. That compares to 53% a year ago. So there's north of a 20-point movement from second quarter last year to second quarter this year. As you get into the back half of the year – I'll use fourth quarter as an example. Fourth quarter year-ago, that number was 67%. This year, that number is going top out in the upper 70s. So we're at 75% now. We'll get up to, let's say, 77%. That will only be a 10-point delta in the fourth quarter year over year. So that pressure that's come from taking customers from the subsidized model down to the unsubsidized pricing is starting to wane, and really the second quarter is where we reached the point, we've got essentially the vast majority of the consumer base now on unsubsidized pricing. And then overage revenues also being, obviously, part of the story here over the past few quarters, first with the introduction of the price plans last year that had the Safety Mode feature and then bringing on unlimited. As we said, we now have 59% of accounts on one of those two plans. Overage was actually down 34% in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. Now represents a low single digit percentage part of total service revenues. So we're working through that headwind. We'll work through that headwind a lot faster. And so, as I say, based off that, I am very confident we'll be inside negative 4% in fourth quarter, and by the time we get on this call a year from now and our comparison is against this year being 75% on unsubsidized pricing, we'll be having a very different conversation about the service revenue trajectory next year. And then on margin improvement, as you know, service revenue is the highest margin component of our business, so as the trajectory on service revenue improves, the trajectory on margin will improve as well.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah, good morning, David. Thank you. So the inputs to service revenue. Really as you think about that trajectory changing, when you've got growing accounts, growing net adds, when you see the continued improvement in the delta on the non-subsidized pricing and as we work through the overage, all of that will combine to a much stronger trend as we go forward from where we have been. In terms of the impact of any new devices coming along, look, we assume that we'll see something later in the year. We typically have very strong results when we have new devices come out because when customers get a new device with new functions, they want it on the best network, but we'll see what happens there. And certainly would expect that to be accretive to the overall revenue story. But our guidance for the year doesn't require any major uplift as a result of that. And then the media side, look, I will say it was very early in the process of integrating those two businesses. As we said, the revenue of AOL less TAC was flat year over year in the quarter. Tim and the team are just getting started integrating those two businesses. They're about 45 days in at this point. The integration is going well, and I look forward to being able to provide more color and commentary about exactly what they're seeing as they go forward. But as you heard Tim say a couple of months ago, the goal here is to grow this to north of $10 billion in revenue by 2020, and nothing that's happened since we closed has changed our view on that.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Brett. So the guide, if you look at the language on the revenue side, we said we'd be reasonably consistent on an organic basis. So as we think about that, we would remove out anything that wasn't in the business for all of 2016-2017. So certainly the impact of those businesses have been having about $0.02 a quarter on EPS, so when I think about the guide going forward, it's on an organic basis. Still feel very confident organically we'll be in a consistent place to where we were a year ago, and then we'll bake in the impact of the various acquisitions as we go forward.
Matthew D. Ellis: As we get into each of those businesses, certainly from a revenue standpoint they are additive to the outlook. From an earnings standpoint, some of those businesses have an initial pressure as we integrate them, but not material to the earnings outlook.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, certainly with customers on unlimited they have fewer reasons to call. But we continue to want to improve the customer experience, and when customers can do things by themselves through a digital channel at the time they want to do it, that increases overall satisfaction, and it certainly allows us to improve the efficiency of the business. So we're continuing to do that, and we think unlimited certainly helps us do that as well.
Matthew D. Ellis: Look, we continue to look at that trade-off. It really comes down to taking a view on the most efficient way to add the capacity that we need, and we've talked for two or three years now about the fact that we believe based off of the valuations that spectrum have reached in some places, it's more efficient to densify. And certainly the costs of densification, just like with any technology, have come down to some degree since we started densifying with small cell. So the overall analysis we do hasn't fundamentally changed. Look, we continue to add spectrum from the secondary markets, too. So when spectrum is priced at the right level, we continue to be active in that space, too. And we just look at the relative economics between densifying and adding spectrum. But densification has proved to be a very effective way of adding capacity into what places we need to and from a cost efficiency standpoint as well.
Matthew D. Ellis: Look, I think the results speak for themselves on this one, Craig, and whether it be the third-party results that you've seen, again, just in the last 24 hours. But even in an unlimited world, the third-party results clearly show that Verizon has the best network. And then when you look at our subscriber metrics for the quarter, once we were on a comparable basis, we saw record low churn down 0.70%, and we also saw a strong net add number. So the idea that network differentiation doesn't matter to customers – quite frankly, the results from our base show that that's not true and customers do value the benefit of a differentiated network experience even when it's at a premium pricing, which is where ours is. We wouldn't get those results if a better network experience didn't matter to customers. Clearly it does.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. So on the churn, look, there's no magic in here. It's not that we've got more customers on EIP or we've been doing things behind the scenes to protect the base. It's around the quality of the experience. And customers see that quality of the experience, and they want to be on that experience rather than something else. So we're very, very happy with that number there, and it's just a reflection of what we give customers. In terms of the guide on service revenue, I think the biggest piece that you have in there is the continued migration of the base to the non-subsidized pricing plans. In the back half of the year, the year-over-year comps are against higher numbers there versus the first half of the year, and that's going to drive improvement in service revenue. Certainly net account growth is an important contribution, but I think just, though, the movement of the base and in unsubsidized, that's the trend we've been talking about, and we certainly see that ahead of us.
Matthew D. Ellis: We continue to look at all ways to manage the network at the most efficient pricing that we have, whether that be how we talk to towers or all the other resources we have in front of us.
Matthew D. Ellis: Thanks, Jennifer. So on the spectrum wish list, look, we're very confident in the portfolio of spectrum that we have, certainly in low band and mid-band, and we have a significant amount of spectrum still to deploy against the LTE network. We'd certainly be interested in the 3.5 [gigahertz] and look forward to that coming forward, but as I say, we're very confident in the spectrum that we still have to deploy. From a CapEx standpoint next year, look, it's too early to get into the guide next year, but as we think about how we deploy fiber and so on, that will be part of the plans, and we'll share those as we get towards the latter part of the year and certainly into January, when we provide the full-year guide.
Matthew D. Ellis: Thanks for the question, Simon. So on over-the-top, look, nothing to say. We're always looking, but we'll continue to evaluate what we need to do to be competitive in that space and if it needs to be part of the portfolio or not. From a convergence standpoint, again, we're very comfortable with the product offerings we have today, and if there is more convergence, we certainly believe that will take place on our networks, and we'll be effective as being part of that. And then from an M&A standpoint, look, we're very comfortable with the assets we have today. If there's an opportunity to add something that accelerates the strategy at a reasonable price, we will. But we think we have the assets we need to be effective at this point in time.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah, thank you. So as we think about the fiber we need for the business, certainly we need more going forward, as we've discussed in the past. The way that we're going to add that capacity will be probably through a combination of buying fiber that already exists if it's the right type of fiber. We can build fiber, and we can certainly lease. And we were doing that on top of some of the assets we already own, and add in the XO, those fiber metro rings earlier in the year gives us the base on which we will continue to do some of that. So fiber will continue to be very important the higher we build the network, not just for wireless but also various wireline applications, including Smart City deployments. So more to come there as we go forward.
Matthew D. Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Tim. So, look, I absolutely think the trend on unlimited is sustainable. Once we gave customers that clear and comparable offer, we see the value of our network and our offering compared to what else is in the marketplace. And, look, we'll see how the marketplace evolves going forward. But we're very confident that we will be competitive as that happens. From a margin improvement standpoint, look, as service revenue trends improve, we would expect that to flow through into margins. And then also we continue to have ways to take cost out of the business and improve efficiencies in the business, too. So you should think about that as you think about how we go forward in the wireless performance.
Matthew D. Ellis: Thanks, Mike. I'd like to close the call with a few key points. We remain confident in our strategy of investing in our networks while maintaining and expanding our high-quality customer base and developing new platforms and solutions. We are well-positioned to compete in the current environment while leading the industry in the 5G ecosystem with our strong network assets. We have the opportunity to do the things at scale while delivering value across our portfolio in order to generate shareholder value. We look forward to the opportunities ahead of us and are confident in our ability to execute our strategy. Thank you for your time today.
