Fran Shammo: Good. Thanks, John. On the VZW margins, so Edge, keep in mind we launched Edge at the very end of August. It really didn't really pick up speed until September. Our indirect channels did not get it until the very, very end of the quarter, so there really was no impact from the Edge program to these results. I mean, we will see more in the fourth quarter and we will wait to get to that to report it out, but very, very immaterial impact. On the 24-month cycle it's very hard for us to determine, because again people are proactive on when they upgrade to a cycle basis. Of course, you know it did delay some of the upgrades from going from that the 20-month to the 24-month and that went into effect on September 1, so again only really 30 days of impact there. We will probably see more of that in the fourth quarter. As far as the VZW margin impact from the two of them, I would say very, very limited in this quarter and you can see why the margin was the way it was just from an overall revenue increase and some of the cost containment measures that we have been putting in place for quite some time and we could talk more about that. As far as CapEx goes, so here is where we are at. Obviously, we know that we have completed the coverage build of our 4G LTE and an obviously if you look at our map, it's pretty significant coverage compared to our competitors. Now post June, all of our efforts have gone into the capacity and densification. And given where we are, if you look at some of the metrics, I mean, if you think about 38% of our customers are on the 4G network and they are generating 64% of the data usage, this is a pretty significant volume of usage going through that network and we know that given the growth of this we have had some densification issues in major cities like New York, Chicago, San Francisco and we are totally focused on those types of issues, and what you see us doing is being very proactive in more in-building coverage, more densification cell sites, launching the AWS spectrum, so you are going to see that through in the fourth quarter and that's why we increased the CapEx spending, but I think the walk-away here is, is that we are extremely focused on our network. It is our brand, we will continue to perform in this area and also the return here if you think about every dollar I put into that network when you have 64% of the data on a tiered, shared everything plan, you can see that coming through from our revenue, so the return on the invested capital is pretty immediate and it's pretty significant, so we will continue to concentrate on that effort.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Jason. So on the FiOS broadband. We did have a very, very good quarter from a net add perspective, especially on a year-over-year basis and especially since when you look back in history third quarter is normally a very high churn quarter for us. Keep in mind a couple of things here. So on the broadband side of the house you have to remember that as we do 80,000 migrations from our Copper, who are voice and DSL only over to FiOS, you are getting voice and FiOS Quantum adds. And as I have talked before, we really don't approach these customers on a TV product for about five to six months and then it takes us about another three to four months of marketing to actually see some success in conversion and we see about a 30% conversion once we do that. They are really interested in the broadband speed and of course what you see in the Wireline segment today is, as we migrate these customers from the Copper product to the FiOS product, we are bringing them over at the same price. But what we see is almost immediately with the speeds that they are getting in the FiOS Quantum, they themselves are choosing to upgrade right into that 50 megabits and at times now even into the 75 megabit products. So their ARPU is going up which is generating some of this Wireline increase that you see. So TV net adds were up 13% year-over-year. Now granted, it means some of these adds we have got came from some of the disputes that happened in the competitive nature here during the quarter, but still even without that we would have seen an increase year-over-year in our productivity and our penetration of FiOS. So we are very happy with where we are, but TV will always lag when we do these migrations. On the Wireline margin, look I think I have been pretty consistent here with where we think Wireline is going, and I am still very confident that 2014 will show improvement. And just to keep everyone grounded here, the reason I say this is, I am looking at enterprise as being flat, with no substantial growth and we can talk about just the continued disruption that's coming out of Washington and the uncertainty and I think that will continue at least in the short-term here given what happened last night and extending some of this into the first quarter, what's going to happen, what's going to happen when we get to December 31 on the cliff jump off as we had last year with some of the tax preference items. So I still think there is a lot of swirl going on and there is just a lot of uncertainty and the enterprise is going to sit on the side line. But as I look at '14, I am looking as that's going to be flat. So what do we see? We see continued progress in our FiOS penetration. As I said, I am very comfortable with 4% plus growth in revenue here going forward. I continue to think that we will penetrate all of our markets and continue to gain share, both in broadband and TV. And also keep in mind, as I said before, with the Hughes Telematics acquisition, VDMS and Redbox, they have all been headwinds this year because we have gotten them up to started and we are eating some of the up start cost with them. That I believe starts to diminish in '14 which actually helps. And with Hughes, they start to generate more revenues. VDMS [starts] [ph] to generate revenues. So there is a lot of things happening but I also think we can't lose sight of our Verizon Lean Six Sigma efforts on our cost initiatives that we have in our Wireline business and you are starting to see some of these efforts start to come through on our efficiency side of the house. So we are very, very optimistic that we can continue to move the Wireline profitability forward.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Phil. On the Wireless service growth. Obviously I am not going to get into exactly how many customers break bundles and all that, but I think there is some things that we have to understand here that's driving it, so first off if you look at this quarter, again we had a very strong quarter with 480,000 smartphone adds that are very high quality and these are all coming in mostly on our 4G and shared price plans, some of these are 3G phones obviously, but the majority is coming in on our 4G product. The other thing, I think, you have to understand too is that we are coming up on the anniversary dates of the 3G, when the iPhone was launched and those customers now are upgrading to 4G phones and moving into shared price plans. If you look at 3G usage and the customers moving into 4G, and they start to utilize this LTE network, they are starting to realize the benefits of that and their usage significantly goes up from where they were in 3G, so that's stimulating even if we come over and I have said before the way our sales force is approaching this is they recommend 2 gigs for every device that a customer brings into shared pricing, so even with that you think about that usage versus 3G device usage, that in itself is pretty significantly higher, so that drives the revenue. Then you look at the tablets and the Internet devices, you get into machine-to-machine connections or machine-to-machine it continues to escalate quarter-after-quarter and then of course then we look at the prepaid side of the house, so I think it's a combination of all of these things that are driving that. When you think about 42% of our basis on shared plans, we still have a long way to go of converting a lot of that 3G product over to the 4G and into the shared plans, so there is still a lot of runway here to continue to grow this revenue stream for us, so that's that and I think I answered the 4G versus the 3G usage.
Fran Shammo: I think the cautious is, Phil, I don't see anything changing here from 3Q to 4Q. Again, you heard me say that keep in mind our federal and state government are in our Enterprise segment and that really is declining faster than the rest of the segment right now. Now, the positive to this is, is that within our cloud services it's fairly flat, so where we see the federal government during the sequestering period pulling back in some areas, they are actually buying some of the data center and cloud products so there is a balance here, but I don't think things get a lot worse but I don't see them getting any better.
Fran Shammo: On VoLTE rollout, we are still on track, you will probably see us have a VoLTE capable handset here in the fourth quarter. As we said that we will light up the VoLTE rollout starting in the first half of next year, so we are still very much on track on that one. As far as lower smartphone cost and subsidies, look, I think the ecosystem has a lot here. You are going to see a lot of new and innovative products come out in the fourth quarter, but subsidy is done on a handset-by-handset, manufacturer-by-manufacturer. Then obviously as you have heard me say before, the more manufacturers we can get into this ecosystem, and it really comes down to an operating system, the more competitive nature this marketplace will become, so I still believe that that will happen. Obviously, you have heard me talk about VoLTE will contribute to some, as we start to remove some of the CDMA chip, but then there is other technologies like multi class, multicast that will be put into the phone. So there is a lot of technologies being removed from the phone, but new technologies that are being implemented into the phone. So this is going to be a long path, but I do think, as I said before, subsidies will gradually come down over the next two to three years. On the converged solutions side, look I mean as far as the joint venture with the cable companies, we have talked about, we still have a distribution agreement with one another and we continue to work with one another to sell each other's products. But the marketing joint venture or co-development has been terminated and we are moving in our separate ways on that. And what you are going to see here is, as we talked about Verizon Wireless, the acquisition of Verizon Wireless, we now get to more of a converged middle with our consumer products between FiOS and Wireless and we no longer have the artificial wall up between the affiliate transactions or anything like that. So I won't talk about what you will see, but I think what you will see from us is a move forward of bringing to the customer the best product available between Wireline and Wireless.
Fran Shammo: Okay, thanks, Mike. So I guess this should be the last quarter I have to answer this question on net debt. So gross debt for Wireless is $10.2 billion, cash is $6.6 billion, net is $3.6 billion. On the Wireline side, yes you did get the quote right. So there will be less than 1 million customers that are on Copper within our FiOS footprint. And you see us from our migration strategy in the last two years, I think in the last two years now when we exceed our 300,000 for this year, we will have moved close to 600,000 customers from our Copper network into our FiOS network. We will continue to approach this migration. Now, if you think that we do 300,000 a year, you are looking at three more years to get that completed, but we will continue to try to accelerate as much as we can. And from a cost benefit, obviously what you are seeing is some of those benefits coming through the Wireline results today just from a repair metric, from a truck roll metric, the reliability of this network is drastically different than the reliability of the Copper network. So you are going to see us continue to invest in the FiOS infrastructure. One of the things that we are doing now is the network team has been working over the last year in provisioning the FiOS network into our enterprise and small business customers using the GPON technology. So we fully expect to utilize this FiOS backbone much more than it had been in the past. So you are going to continue to see this migration and you are going to see the cost benefits coming through our operating results.
Fran Shammo: Well what you are going to see us do is, obviously now, we have done some of this in the past, but using Wireless, our Fusion technology, from a broadband perspective. So when we talk about converged solutions and bringing the best solution to our end user customer, this goes into what we do with our Copper customers outside of the FiOS footprint and what do we do for them from a voice perspective and also a DSL perspective. And obviously we have Home Phone Connect and we have Voice Link on the Wireline side that we have already started to sell to our Copper voice customers as a substitute to the Copper product. So we have already done some of this but you are going to see more technology come out here in 2014 that's going to address these issues.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, David. On the Wireline consumer business, I think when we size this all up we really have three main focuses. As I have talked to you before, we have become a very disciplined pricing strategy around our FiOS product and we looked at cable a number of years ago, we looked that they were very, very disciplined in how they did price ups to match their content cost and we were not really good with that, but we started this as you know last year, very early in the year and we have a strategy going forward so we will continue to drive that strategy of pricing up the product equivalent to our content cost increases. If you look at the next level of concentration we have had is, we are going after market share. Now as far as slowness in the net adds there is some seasonality here, there is always something that happens in the environment that causes us, but look I mean there are some markets that were over 50% penetrated, so those markets have a slower growth, but we are still gaining share in some of our later markets like New York City, Philadelphia, Washington, which are, in my mind, underpenetrated to where they should be, so you are going to see a little shift. There could be some slowness though as we start to penetrate some of these markets in 50%, but the fact of the matter here is that we still have a long runway. If you look at our 39% penetration we still have a long way to go from a net add perspective, but the other thing that's driving this growth and we can't lose focus of it is the migration of these FiOS, of these Copper customers over to FiOS, and as we convert them as I said, it may take us a little while but then we get that uptick in our TV product along with that. The other focus that we have too that is not in the top line, but really comes in through content you see us doing some very innovative things around negotiation of content moving away from a per subscriber-type content to more of a per viewer-type cost of content, so we are in lot of conversations with content providers that were willing to pay for people who watch their programs, but were not willing to pay on an overall subscriber base and we have been successful here with some of the smaller tier content carriers, but that's also benefiting the profitability of this product going forward, so I think there is a whole combination of why we think that we will continue this 4%-plus revenue increase with continued penetration and continued profitability on FiOS. On the enterprise side, when we say relatively flat if you take out CPE, our decline in enterprise will be 0.8% this quarter versus 0.9% last quarter, so the government is declining faster than that. I would sit here and tell you that enterprise is growing. We do have certain areas of our business that are growing. If you look at our security product, if you look at our cloud products, if you look at the Terremark product, they are in fact growing, Hughes is growing, but then you have the legacy voice and data that is not growing and that's declining, so net-net, I would say it's relatively flat without the government pressure.
Fran Shammo: Yes, thanks, Brett. So look, I am not going to get in to the details of what we have projected. If you think about everything that we had considered here, we considered tax, we considered CapEx, we considered the incremental tax rate. As I said, our tax rate will increase to a 35% to 36% range from what we have always guided from a 31% to 33% range and that's because of the VZW coming over. We had to project out what our interest rate was. We know what that is now, based on the offering that we did. As far as CapEx goes, I have been pretty consistent here. You should consider us improving our CapEx to revenue ratio going forward. You should look at us as to what we have invested this year and we are going to do what we need to do to continue to invest in our networks, and our platforms. But moving out of this, there were three priorities that we set up to come to that four to five years. One was we will continue to invest in our networks and platforms. That is top priority for us. Next is, is we will continue to invest and buy licenses, either opportunistically or in the auctions. I can't tell you what that number is because obviously it's going to be a public auction and we have a lot of strategies around how we acquire licenses. But that was built into our model. And then finally, the dividend policy is also a very critical piece of this component to our equity shareholders and I think our board show that when they increased the dividend at the same time that they announced the deal. They are very confident in our cash flow. Then finally, we have a commitment that we will de-lever the balance sheet as quickly as possible. So look, I think if you look at the performance, if you look at our cash flow and our free cash flow this quarter, I think we are demonstrating that that four to five years is within our horizon and we will meet our targets.
Fran Shammo: I am not going to get into giving guidance around margins. I think our performance speaks for itself and the margins speak for themselves.
Fran Shammo: Yes, so, Amir, on this one, it's a good question. But look, the issue with VoLTE is coverage. And as I have always said, we will not rush the VoLTE launch until we are sure that when you connect up a VoLTE voice call, it will be very, very similar to a 3G CDMA call, because that's what our customers expect. They know what the CDMA footprint is. They know where they can call. It's an unbelievable network. We have to make sure that our VoLTE experience is the same and that's why we have taken such a long time and we believe that when we get to the first half of next year, the network will be ready, the experience will be very, very similar and that we will be ready to roll this out. But it is already built into the CapEx that we are spending. You should not see incremental CapEx for rolling VoLTE. It really is around coverage and of course it goes into the densification and capacities.
Fran Shammo: Well again, it goes back to the earlier answer that there is a lot of things going here and if you look at just sustaining this growth, I think I have been pretty open that says, look I can't sit here and tell you that 8% growth is going to happen forever in Wireless. I mean you are talking a huge base of revenue. So I do think that the growth rate will come down over time. But look, I mean there is so much technology being developed throughout the world that's running over LTE. If you look at our innovation center in Waltham and roll this out of our innovation center that we just opened up in San Francisco to welcome all the application developers into that center, so it really comes down to the application developers developing new technologies around LTE, so it's hard for me to determine what this continued growth rate will be but there is a lot of run way, there is a lot of technology and the growth rate is still there. Now, I will tell you that in the short-term, I do believe that we can continue on 8% growth, but over the long-term I would tell you that I think that's probably a high aspiration.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Kevin. Yes. Look, I mean we are not going to get into a speed discussion, because speed has a lot to do with nobody is on the network, so obviously you are going to generate a lot higher speed, and what we are building the network for is a very consistent reliable experience and we have always said that the network engineers have designed the LTE network when it is fully loaded and that's the key here. When it's fully loaded, and obviously with 64% of data being driven through that network, it's pretty loaded, you are going to experience on average 10 megabits to 12 megabits. Now you will get burst of 20-30, and I know there was a report that came out about AWS of 80, but there's no one the network, so I think it would be irrelevant for me to speak to that, but here is the point. The point is, is that we are doing a lot around our network. We are launching the AWS. As I said, we are launching a lot of technologies and the issues what they were currently having in some of the larger cities with the densification these are started to be fixed in the third quarter and we are going to make a lot of progress in the fourth quarter, so I think that's really what's important here. To me, it's kind of irrelevant how many cells sites have what, it all comes down to the quality of the network, the reliability and the consistent performance of that network.
Fran Shammo: Well, it's not just AWS, because we can re-appropriate our CDMA spectrum in [this] we need over into our LTE network, so as I said before given the timeframe we are in now, we are good for at least three-plus, four years with the spectrum holdings we have, but obviously we are going to participate in the auction, we are going to need more spectrum for the future of our business and we are going to invest in that spectrum.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Tim. On the market share side, look, I mean we did 927,000 net adds this quarter which was a strong quarter. Obviously, we could have done more, but there was constrains in the iPhone, especially around the 5s, and I think that constrained us for this quarter, but that will roll into our fourth quarter here, so from a market share standpoint, we continue to gain market share. Now, I can't sit here and tell you that we don't lose customers to our competitors. If you look at some of the other things that we were dealing with, I mean we do have some low end, if you will, some single line basic phone customers and older 3G smartphone customers. And what we see the shift here is, we are seeing them shift out of postpaid into our retail prepaid products, but we are also seeing some of them shift off to some of the lower end price plans of our competitors. We did launch some things in September and we saw some improvement there and we will continue to get aggressive with those types of customers here in the fourth quarter. But from a market share perspective, we are gaining market share. I mean I think we will still post the best quarter of any competitor out there. As far as the ARPA trend, look, I mean this just goes what I have said before, as the focus going forward is not necessarily how many net adds I do, it's how we generate the growth of our topline that produces the margins. And this goes around everything I have talked about this morning with the quality of the network, 3G to 4G, all of these other devices and some of this ARPA growth, as we say, is revenue per count. I mean these could be, as I said before, these are other devices being attached to the network not necessarily smartphones or tablets. As you know we sold cameras. We have sold a lot of machine-to-machine technology that are in our stores now. So there is a lot of things that are contributing to this. Even if it's $0.50 to $0.60 a subscriber, it's still generating that revenue coming through that ARPA. Then on the cloud, obviously for some clarification here. Tim, I think what you are talking about is on October 3, we launched a paid public beta of our new public cloud infrastructure. We are calling this Verizon Cloud Compute and Verizon Cloud Storage for businesses and governments of all size and our technology will give us the ability for this cloud based infrastructure to handle enterprise level workload securely and a compliance with a lot of relevant requirements, which will provide flexibility and economic benefits of generic public cloud. So the launch of this cloud is just the next step in our cloud evolution. You are going to see a lot more of this come through in '14. We will unveil new features. We have this technology established in seven of our data centers on a worldwide basis. You are going to hear more of this but it is a trial and a beta this point. And I think you are going to see us do a lot more in '14 and you will start to see some of the benefits there.
Fran Shammo: Alright, thanks, Jennifer. So on small business, look, I always split this between two segments. We have a segment that's within FiOS and a segment that's without, outside of FiOS. Obviously Verizon Wireless does an unbelievable job with small business and Wireless products. But within our footprint, within FiOS and outside of FiOS, there is two things. One is, within FiOS we are actually gaining share in the small business environment. The issue is that obviously we have to pass those small businesses with FiOS and quite honestly that has not been not been a concentration of ours. Most of it was to residential homes within our footprint. So now it's building out all of those malls and so forth. So we have gone down the street. Now the issue is getting that in to the small stores of these small businesses. So within FiOS, we are doing a fairly good job. Outside of FiOS, it's hard for me to compete with the speeds that cable can offer them through the DOCSIS 3.0 type technology. So yes, we are using Verizon Wireless. We are using Fusion where we can. But it's hard to compete because Fusion can't supplement a hard wired broadband connection into a very populated area. So that segment, we are loosing share. Within FiOS we are gaining share. On the prepaid strategy, I have said all along, we have our prepaid on 3G and the theory here is to keep the 3G network as full as possible to contribute contribution margin since we are not investing in that any more and we will continue to get as aggressive as we can and you can see that over the last year and a half we have become more aggressive in the prepaid environment but we also use our resellers to drive the lower end of prepaid, because we don't want the brand of Verizon Wireless connected to that low end environment with the quality premium network of Verizon, so that's the differentiation I think between us and our competitors, but you can see we continue to make strides in prepaid and we will be as aggressive as possible on the 3G network to be competitive.
Fran Shammo: Okay. Thanks, Mike. Just a few comments here before we end the call. Our industry has a very healthy competitive environment and we are forecasting continued strong demand for our video and broadband across multiple networks. We are executing effectively within this competitive environment, consistently delivering strong results, positioning ourselves for future revenue growth, earnings and cash flow growth and we will continue to invest in all of our networks to deliver the most reliable customer experience and that's what they expect. We are excited about the future as we continue to invest, innovate and deliver for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. Thank you for joining the Verizon call this morning and have a great day.
