Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. As you heard, we delivered a solid third quarter results and we are on track to meet or exceed all our 2021 commitments to the investment community. Our strategy is working and I'm confident in the strategy we have to deliver both strong results and premium experiences going forward. As we look ahead, we continue to focus on expanding our 5G leadership, capitalizing on wireless momentum and work towards our C-Band launch, deploying differentiating experiences for our customers, and execute our network as a service to actually deliver all 5 vectors of growth, and we look forward to delivering on all fronts and sharing our results in the coming months. With that, I hand it back to Brady.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. On the customers on fixed wireless access, I would say, they are probably roughly half and half. Half meaning coming from our existing base and half we’re taking from other cost -- from other suppliers. That's basically how they're coming in right now. And let's see how the mix going forward. But here we have the optionality that we've talked about before and we have the owner's economics to work with convergence if that's what our customers want to have. We basically have all of those optionalities right now and I feel really good about that. And then the second question on the Fios footprint, we have constantly, of course, deployed Fios in this – in our ILEC to be honest. And what we see right now is very strong demand and we’re winning the business. We're deploying -- the team is deploying, as I said, we're heading towards 400,000 open for sale this year and we will continue with that because we see a great demand and our win share is extremely strong in the Fios footprint.
Hans Vestberg: On the C-Band, as I said before, there are, of course, challenges in supply chain. But our team has -- I think our team is the most outstanding operation excellence team in the world and they are getting around all of it. On all major equipment, radios, et cetera, that's already secured. This is in a warehouse and that's how we work. I mean, we do long-term planning. with our suppliers years back, so we feel really good about that. There has been some challenges to meet material. the team is working around them every day, finding new solutions in order for us to deploy and they will continue to do so. When it comes to resources, again, we secured our resources year of ahead to be prepared for these types of deployment we have. We are doing more deployment than we have ever done before. You talk about C-Band, we do mmWave 14,000 this year, we do fiber, we do orientations on the 4G, we do Fios, the team -- so it's many things they're doing, and we have never done more than this and I can tell you the team with supply chain and deployment are doing a great job. When it comes to them, 15 million households passed by year-end this year, that includes all the technologies we have. And of course, the second part that we guided for when we had our Investor Day is what to get the 50 million households path later on. So that includes all the technologies, including C-Band of course, and also how we deal with different types of devices, having all the different technology in them. So the team has been planning this, creating opportunities for us. And of course, without coming into 2022 yet, but the opening of the C-Band, we see great new opportunities. And as I said, also, in Investor Day, that means that we can accelerate and amplify our business case on 5G. That was the whole day thing with the C-Band, and the team is geared up for that and very focused.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. A lot of moving parts there as you talk about. Again, I mean, I think that what we have -- and now, we start with consumer because remember also our strong position, wireless on the business side and basically we are leading in every segment, so sometimes we forget to talk about our strong areas. But let me start with consumer because I think your question is a little bit more geared to consumer. Remember how we have built our [Indiscernible]. First of all, we have the best network, we have kept the best network. We've augmented and we are, of course, adding more spectrum to it right now with C-Band, so that's very important. The second part is that the value we're doing besides having the best network, of course, with all the offerings we have created over time with Discovery, Disney Plus, which all of them are giving us profitability and retention. And you see the share numbers in this quarter. I think we have found the model with Mix and Match, and if things that we are offering our customers on the wireless side has really paid off with both the loyalty, but also the step-ups. And remember, when Matt talked about that's where I'm now, 1/3 of all the unlimited beyond unlimited premium. But we still have, let's say, 1/3 omitted plan as well. So we have so many steps to continue to move our customers upwards. And that has been a strategy from beginning, and it's clearly different than anybody else in the market, how we can do that. Both offered the best network and the experiences that we have, as well as the Mix and Match that we have in the network. So I feel good about the -- regardless of what type of competition is there and how it changes. We have owner's economics of everything we're doing, that was very clear from the beginning, we'll bring our own fiber, we have the full network and that's why we can have ebbs -- and windows on the network, which will also are benefiting from. So the whole idea with the strategy we laid out is just playing straight into what's happening in the market where mobility and broadband is the essential infrastructure for every individual in the world at the moment. And hey, everybody wants to be here. We have the best assets. That's basically how it looks.
Hans Vestberg: I can start with the second question, Michael, as on the inflation. When it comes to our rollout on nationwide broadband and playing with that, of course, remember, we are doing a lot for fiber already right now. We're doing -- Remember, we have been reporting on our One Fiber project, which is still ongoing in the most metropolitan area we're building fiber and of course, that is setting us up to have it all this economics on the broadband and then at the access point, we will do a different type of 4G access. That's what new -- the reason we do that because there's so much after when it comes to coming out to the customer, and we want to be innovate as well and having a self-install and all of that combined with it. That we're always on our fiber when comes on the outside our island, we have looked into buy versus build all the time. We have come to the conclusion we want to build, we built our own fiber network because we want the owner's economics on fiber so that work is already done. So we feel really good about it. We're going to have wireless economic nationwide on broadband over time here. And we can work with our wireless offering, our broadband offering. We, we created the two go-to-market Verizon Consumer and Business Group thinking about our customers, how they do products, how to do platforms, the user experience. This all comes into play right now and I couldn't be more excited on that right now because the momentum for mobility and broadband is happening. We have prepared and worked now for 3 years to get where we are and we -- I feel really good about what we have and the strategy is really working. Look at the last couple of quarters here when we talk about our net additions, talk about the revenue growth. And as I also said, when we spoke earlier, I mean if you look at the second quarter when everybody has reported, we also take the largest share of industry service and all revenue growth in the market. I mean, that's really what we're focusing on. We're focusing on getting the revenue growth. And that's a little bit of the answer to your question on inflation as well that Matt is going to soon take over, of course. We still have a lot on the wireless side where we can migrate customers up to higher plans, and that's of course the best way to see that we are getting incremental revenues from our customers, but also give them more value and experiences.
Hans Vestberg: Great question, Colby. First, on Mobile Edge Computer, first of all, we're doing a great progress in Mobile Edge Computer and you've seen that we're made announcements in the quarter with the biggest cloud providers in the market, both on the private 5G Mobile Edge Computer. And as you remember, there are basically 3 use cases. One, is the public Mobile Edge Computer, and then it's a private Mobile Edge Computer, and then it's private 5G networks. All of them are in execution right now. We're working with customers. We have announced a couple of commercial contracts already, like coordinating the British fort, etc. So that's already happening. And, And of course it takes some time because we are actually creating a total new market, and we're actually alone in this market. Nobody else in the world has launched mobile edge compute at this moment. So of course, we feel really good about that. And the team is working through the funnel all the way from proof of context to new applications. And that's how it works, when you create new markets, etc. So we will come back as soon as we feel it's time to start reporting it as we're have done with five-weeks fixed wireless access, but even more excited or the Mobile Edge Computer what I've seen the last year here with the technology solutions we have, and also the customer interaction we have together with the main partners. I mean, we have the biggest partners you can ever think about in this that are equally much invested as us, because that was part of the strategy to bring different parties. We have there, so we will continue with that. And we will come back and report, and we will give you new deals and how all this is progressing with partners over time and ultimately, of course, it's going to be financials and that's going to show up. Initially, of course, it's going to be on Verizon Business Group that's going to have that as revenue. The rest would be to see opportunity longer term, which can end up in consumer but predominantly in the beginning is a Verizon business group opportunity. Matt on guidance, have you thought through what you're going to do next year? He hasn't told me yet.
Hans Vestberg: I can start with the second one. First of all, we rely on the RootMetrics because that's the most sophisticated and scientific way of measuring the network, and it's -- we're undoubtedly the leader there. And without going into my competition because I never talk about them, but clearly one is always lost. So if we're done talking about TracFone, which is of course an exciting opportunity for us, which is still to be closed. We're not -- we don't have the go-to-market and the brands that TracFone have. They are so good on prepaid, and they've showed that. But at we will, of course, support them with these all the back-end support, all the way from supply chain, IT support, UX customer care, and all of that. But clearly, we want to keep the points of sales. We want to keep the offerings, and we want to serve the value market. That's where we are. I cannot go further into that because we still have the pending approval of it, but we will give you even more color, Craig, as soon as we have closed this one.
Hans Vestberg: I talked about the fixed wireless access on the business side. It's called BCC Internet on that signed offering we have. And of course, we started off with our fixed wireless access on the consumer side, and we later on added in our business to actually have access to it. That's why because that's what we want to restart. I wouldn't say we have really good traction on the business side on fixed wireless actions, small and medium businesses. clearly where we have our stronghold, and we're being the clear leader. So we see this as a great opportunity for our Verizon Business Group as well. And again, we are now adding products and solution for Verizon Business Group that over time should offset the wireline decline that we have that Matt talked about. When we talk about the Verizon Business Group, I haven't talked enough about them, but the momentum on wireless there is really good. Look at it, small and medium business are coming back. They're doing a great job. On the enterprise side, the wireless business is doing well as well. The only area is the public sector that's coming a little bit back, but that's a very natural thing because the increased demand of home education and etc. During the COVID, of course, had a spike in wireless connections, which you see is naturally coming down a little bit right now. But the momentum on the wireless side, on the Verizon Business Group, and then you add the new opportunities, everything from application on top of the network, the Mobile Edge Computer, the fixed wireless access. And over time, more so opportunities outside the ILEC on vials, or at least on fiber. So that's a great opportunity for us, and that's what we outlined already in 2019 when we decided to transform that business to see that we are really well prepared for capturing those opportunities and those transformations that all the enterprise will need and companies will do to digitalize over time. So I think we're in a good place. [Indiscernible] team are doing a great job.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah, Hans, I think you hit on the key points there. We're always going to look at the pillars of our capital allocation policy. And right now, we continue to see a lot of opportunities to invest in our business. You see what we're doing there around the C-Band investment, for example, not just the spectrum, but also the CapEx associated with that. Obviously, we said long-term, we do believe deleveraging is the right priority. But we're also focused on returning capital to shareholders, and you saw that with the dividend. So Phil, you should expect us to continue to be thoughtful about capital allocation as we go forward.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, Simon, I think Hans has summed it up well there. We've got good momentum in the fixed wireless business there. You saw the 55,000 net adds in the quarter. That means we're approximately 150,000 total subscribers on fixed wireless access at the end of the quarter, good momentum being built there. And as Hans said, as soon as we turn on C-Band, immediately be adding that to the technologies that we're selling on fixed wireless access. So good momentum buildup and then we've got that extra turbo booster come here in the next few weeks.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So just a couple of things that are out there, Brett. On the mixture of the customers, as Hans mentioned, a good mix of 50-50 kind of split there between new and existing customers. But also our comment that a good mix -- a good split between not just it being in rural areas and so on, but also seeing good traction in suburban and urban areas, too, for those products. And when you think about those customers in the first 46 C-Band markets that will come online, that the customers taking the LTE product there are getting a router that also has C-Band in, so they could immediately step up to those speeds when - as soon as we turn C-Band on there soon. And the Fios expansion, it’s - there's a couple of pieces. We see great opportunity, as Hans mentioned. The other pace it's a great cost opportunity as well, as we continue to upgrade the network technology in that footprint as well. So we've been investing in there for a number of years, maybe haven't spoken about it quite as much, but it continues to be a very good growth driver for the business. And we see very strong line of sight for it to continue to do so. 4.7% growth in Fios revenues this quarter, certainly something we can continue to build on.
Matthew Ellis: Right. That absolutely part of it. Now we're going to be all the way there, that's a long term goal for us, but certainly as you replace in a certain location, copper with fiber, there is a good benefit from a cost standpoint, in addition to the revenue step-up opportunities you get with that customer base. So it's a win-win on both sides of the P&L there.
Matthew Ellis: So just following up on the bit about the open, the households cover. As you saw in the prepared remarks, we're 11.6 million at the end of the third quarter. Obviously, we'll continue to add some millimeter-wave and 4G for the rest of the year, but C-Band certainly will get us well over to 50 million as we turn that on.
Matthew Ellis: There are a couple of other points, Dave, if I can. So you mentioned the EBBP impact on the marketplace and certainly, we're supportive of all efforts to make digital connectivity available and accessible to everyone in the country and we're participating in those programs. I would though say that in terms of our gross adds and new customers coming in, it's a very small portion of that. The majority of our EBBP participation is with existing customers rather than new customers. So it's not a driver of gross adds for us. And you also mentioned that obviously in the marketplace, there's been new plans that have come to the market in the past 6 months to 9 months. And what I would say is just look at the volumes we've had, especially in the last 2 quarters. Even with those new plans in place, you see the high-quality volumes that we've put on in that environment. So you have to look across both the service revenue and the handset components of the offering to customers. You add in the other values into products and services that we bring to customers too. This is the strategy we've been working on for 2 years to 3 years now. Obviously, it was a bit of a dip when we hit the pandemic, but the strategy was driving revenue growth before the pandemic and you see it driving revenue growth now as we continue to focus on high quality customers and increasing the value of our base, and it shows in the results.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. No, I think there's a couple of items when you look at the wireline part of business revenue results for the quarter that are not related to what you mentioned. One, last year during COVID, we saw a little bit of a step-up in some of the cold voice data revenue that we hadn't seen in quite a while. We're now lapping that and those volumes are returning to their pre -pandemic trends. The other thing is we've stepped out of some of the wholesale international voice business that had revenue, but not significant margins associated with it. So we wanted to focus on value driving activities. We continue to compete effectively in the enterprise space in wire life. But on the quality and reliability of the service we provide, obviously we aim to be competitive there, but I'm not seeing us do anything out of the ordinary of what we were doing previously. And as you mentioned, those relationships are very important to us as we go into the 5G era and we've already seen those relationships payoff with the work being done, working through those opportunities in [Indiscernible] with a broad array of enterprise customers.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. Mike, certainly, we are seeing inflation in our business here. How long that lasts, obviously, we're going to have to wait and see and we're all monitoring that closely. But we're seeing that come across certainly in labor rates, we're seeing in commodities, driving utilities and whatnot. So -- but that's why the things we've done on the cost side over the past few years and continue to do are so important because it gives us the opportunity to be able to handle those -- any of those prices coming in and continue to produce good margins. So we will continue to be focused there. And then as Hans said, our opportunity on the pricing side is really to step customers up. If you've got direct cost out there that we can pass through that we certainly will always look for the opportunity to do that. That's why you see the changes in our content model from the legacy linear model, where there wasn't clear transparency to the consumer between the increase in the cost from the producer there to what they were paying. What you've seen, what we're doing in the wireless space with content, gives a lot more transparency. So as costs go up, it's much easier for those to flow through to the end-user.
Matthew Ellis: Colby, great question. So obviously we'll get into guidance at the next call. But as you mentioned, we always look at what year-over-year pressures maybe in there, especially things that are accounting-related rather than cash flow-related. We'll make sure we have the appropriate level of transparency around that. The important thing for us to be out there demonstrating that guidance is how our strategy is working and it's going to show up in revenue growth and cash flow growth. And you see that this year we'll find a way to make sure that we can communicate clearly that we're continuing to grow the top-line of the business and it's flowing through into the cash generation of the business as well, which is ultimately what it's all about.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So work in our team, we have tremendous opportunities and you see it come through in the results we've delivered now for a few quarters. So the ability to bring high quality customers in and then step them up. So the step-ups give us the increase in ARPA. And then the service revenue is obviously a combination of the increase in revenue within the base. And then also the impact of the new customers coming in. So as you do that, we're very, very confident that you continue to add scale to our business, which is already the best-in-class from a scale standpoint and that will show up in the margin profile of the business going forward. So I expect us to continue to have a very strong margin profile going forward. It's built on executing the strategy. You see that in the results this year. You compare the consumer margin in 3Q this year to two years ago, you see that strategy is working and delivering results at both of the top-line and the margin line.
