Ivan Seidenberg: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Once again, I would like to thank all of you who are here and those of you on the webcast for joining us this morning and participating in this earnings call. Just a very short introduction here before I ask Fran to join us. I thought, with all of the moving parts and all of the strong momentum that we have been developing here in the end of 2010 and a very exciting set of prospects for 2011 and beyond, that our investors needed a little grounding in making sure they understood our strategic, operational and financial metrics. And hopefully, this morning, while we're not intending to make a lot of new, big news, I think you will be pleased to see Fran and Lowell share with you what they think the vision is and the model looks like as we go out into 2011 and 2012. I also thought it was very important that you have a chance to see and touch and talk to both Lowell and Fran as we enter this important year, 2011. And for those of you here in person, of course, the opportunity to go in the back and play with our toys and all the new products and services is always a nice thing, and you’ll get a chance to see how all of this new technology comes alive for the customer. So with that brief introduction, as John just mentioned, what we'd like to do is the structure. Our first order of business this morning is to cover 2010 earnings. And for that, let's ask Fran to come up and do that for us right now. Thank you.
Ivan Seidenberg: Well, I'm not going to give guidance on specific top line growth for there. So we'll stay at the 4% to 8% on total revenue guidance for the corporation.
Ivan Seidenberg: So the EPS 2011 number, we are talking two times of what we had on that slide. Not the revenue numbers, for specifics.
Ivan Seidenberg: I don't think it'll affect it at all. I think the FCC decision, kind of a far-reaching one. I think that most of the impact of that order won't be felt this year. But over the longer term, it would be felt if the FCC actually exercised all the authority. Just for a point, if you actually read the rules they put into effect, the rules don't sound anywhere near as troublesome as the order, which is encourages the FCC to seek broader authority over time. So I don't think it'll have any effect on the current business, but I do believe that longer term, we need to challenge the expansion of the FCC's authority there. Since I have the floor, let me just add a point to the last couple of questions on this guidance question. Fran and Lowell tried to give you as much guidance as we can. There's a couple of unknowns here. But I think it's worth just slowing it down a little bit. So we can get into this contest of, so we think we know how many people will switch from T to us. We don't really know the answer to that. We know you're being subjected to lots of discussion around that. We do believe that our brand and our network will drive a lot of people. But so Jonathan, to your point about what will earnings look like in the future, why don't you do this. Over the next couple of quarters, as we get some experience on volumes, we'll share with you what those results look like, and I think you'll get a better view. It's much better than overestimating something that we don't know. The other point is that we also believe that all our strategies will frankly lift the whole industry. So, yes, this is about us today. But I think that as all these 4G and 3G devices get out there, you will find all of the carriers doing better. Our view is we'll do better because of the position we've established, but the entire base is going to move from feature phones up to Smart phones over the course of the next 12 months. So I think you're sitting in a really good spot when we look at the entire industry growth. And obviously, we believe we'll have an edge on that. So I think when you look at these numbers, my advice is be careful about '11, and '12 and '13 will absolutely be clear to you once you get to the middle of the year.
Ivan Seidenberg: So let me just add to that. So part of your question is you assume the available discretionary income for Wireless is fixed. That's what your question was. We assume that even if you're half right, there are other things that will drive people to use Wireless products, medical services, going green. The business revenues will significantly increase as you go to data because people will have more work at home. We have customers, we have large companies coming to us. We have one large one who've said to us, "We want every employee to work out of home." And so I think there's an opportunity to take this data platform and extend it to parallel industries and so the revenue pie we're looking into is much bigger than the one that you think exist today. So not only will those $40 customers become higher data users, but the $80 customers will go to $105 and $110. The other thing we've missed in this discussion is, I've been saying this, that my guess is that at least half this audience today is carrying two devices on them. Two years ago, you guys would say that can never happen, and half of you now have two devices. Our view is when you get to machine-to-machine and all these other things, they're going to find people carrying three and four devices. So I don't subscribe to the theory that the pie remains static. So I think that answers part of your question. Now the succession plan is based on what I just said being true, which is, that if we are really looking at this expansion of the pie and we take these two great guys, when you think about succession, you call up Madison Avenue, you got to get one guy with white hair and one guy that's angry all the time. So that's what we have. We have one guy that's white hair and one guy that’s angry all the time. And so our board is in a place where they've asked me to work with Fran and Lowell through this year. Sometime, I've said this before, sometime in the second half of the year, Lowell will become CEO, and I'll spend a few more months after that as probably chair or whatever the board wants. And by the end of the year, we'll have the transition completed. Most of you know, transitions have a lot of components to them. Running your company, meeting your outside stakeholders, partners, politics, boards, investors. So we're working through all of that. Today is part of that drill. Hopefully, you saw a plan today from two people that have a very expansive view of the future and a really sound, solid record of execution. So I think for me, this is an easy transition. But there's still a few things that need to be done between now and the end of the year, and we'll get them done.
Ivan Seidenberg: So thank you very much. I thought I would make just two or three closing points that will address some of your questions and put a bridge between what we've tried to do this morning and where you guys are. One of the things we wanted to do this morning was to establish a good foundation for our performance in 2010 and let you understand that we feel good about the fact that the beginning of the year, we didn't think the year would turn out as strong as it did at the end of the year, and there were some reasons why you've heard that and you could see clearly the difference that Lowell and Fran are making on the focus on execution in the company to make that happen.  What we wanted to do with the iPhone in 2011 is pretty simple. So to put this in perspective for those of you who are into conspiracies and into looking for other meaning to life, so you would think that this is my last year, so I would want to make sure that the year went smoothly. I also wanted to make sure my colleagues didn't overpromise and get in the doghouse for the next two or three years. So I've purposely made sure that whatever they told you this morning represented a fairly conservative but doable plan. So the issue for the iPhone is we don't have all the answers. We personally believe we'll probably do better than most people think, but we didn't want to set any standard because we don't know the number of people who'll move for it, we're not sure what the inventory flows will be, we're not really sure of how all that will time out, but we are sure, by the time we get to the end of the year, 2012 will look a lot stronger than 2011.  So we've told you everything we know, and that's kind of where we are at this point. We also wanted to make sure that when you think about the whole company, you don't just focus on the iPhone, but you look at the breadth of the assets that we have and the opportunities that we have to build the company.  Probably the most important issue I'll close on is for 2011. There’s a lot of stuff written about earnings for 2011 will slide backwards because of the iPhone as opposed to going forward. Hopefully, you got this morning a sense from management that we're not accepting the idea that because we get a new iconic device in the system, that's an excuse for us to reduce our focus on growing the base in 2011. So we're going to work really hard to do that. Part of that, Fran drove this, he changed compensation for people to say don't ride on the fact we know we're going to have higher revenues because of the growth of FiOS and the growth of Smart phones. So he made sure our management understands that driving more EBITDA growth this year is a really important issue. So I think the company is positioned in a good place.  I also would make the comment again, just so you get a sense of this, I also think the entire industry is going to do better. I'm not trying to help the other, my colleagues in their assessment, but what I want to make sure is that you understand we believe the investments we've made, some of the investments they're making, will grow the pie. We happen to think we’ll index better than they will, but the fact is, the overall pie for the susceptible growth. I want to thank Fran and Lowell, of course, and John for what they've done. Thank you all for bearing with us. I know two hours is a long time for a conference. But those of you who are here, thank you. Those you on the website, thank you. And we'll be back at you at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
Francis Shammo: So first, on the overall cost initiatives within Wireless. They set up the year on a $1 billion cost initiative, which crossed all types of things, like customer service, store operations, logistics, real estate. But the biggest one this year that had the most impact was logistics. In logistics alone, there was a $750 million cost reduction within the whole ecosystem of our logistics system. That came throughout the year, but obviously, the bigger part of that came in the second latter part of the year. So that really was the big portion. As I said, and I'm going to talk about later, they have yet another $1 billion challenge for 2011, and we could talk more about that in the later program. On the second issue, John, I think that as we look at what the consensus was, we were higher on EBITDA margin, we were higher on operating income margin. But then on the below the line item, I think the big disparity between consensus as us, is how minority interest is calculated. And of course a lot of that EBITDA margin was driven by the Wireless unit, so there was more minority interest, I think, than what was expected on the consensus side. So that's how we got down to the bottom.
Francis Shammo: I think we're going to cover a lot more in the next session, but let me just set the stage. From a fourth quarter standpoint, even with the adds that we had in Wireless, with the cost reductions we had, we only had a 0.2% increase in our cash expense. So for all of the adds that we had, a significant majority of that dropped right to the bottom line. And I think that, as we've said before, and I'm going to have some fun in the later session because the question I always get is how long can you maintain these margins. And I'm going to have some fun with that in the next session. So hold that question. But I think as we go forward, I think you'd expect us to run the business like we always have. It's all about execution, and it's about execution on profitability and growth. And it's an and equation for us, it's not an or. So I think Lowell will speak a lot to the strategy. I'm going to talk a lot about the iPhone expectations, where we think it's going to be. So I think I'll come back to your questions in the second half.
Francis Shammo: So on the Internet, we had our best quarter in the fourth quarter this year. And I think really, two things contributed to that increase. One is, as we said, within three weeks of launching 4G LTE, we sold 65,000 Boggles, 41% of them were new to Verizon. So that was a contributor to it. The second is, as we launched our tablets starting in October with the iPad, and then shortly thereafter with the Samsung, we sold about 86,000 tablets in all. 37,000 were just stand-alone iPads; the rest were all with iPad with a MiFi device and with the Galaxy. So 96% of them were new to the category. So these were folks who did not have any type of data usage on this type of a device before. So 96% of those customers were new to this category. So that helped boost the quarter from an add perspective. And then, I'm sorry, Simon, go to your second question again.
Francis Shammo: So on the reseller side, we grew by 152,000 net adds. And then on the prepaid side, we lost 70,000. And then I think the important thing here is obviously, as we've always said, we are a postpaid retail company. But we believe that those other segments are important. However, we're not going to chase those segments when we think that we can have more postpaid growth. And if you think about the Reseller segment and with the unlimited offerings that they used, they flip between carriers, depending upon who has the best price at that point in time. So I think you saw a little bit of that, but we still added 152,000 reseller net adds. On the prepaid side, as you saw, we launched new prepaid pricing at the end of the quarter, in December, adjusting our rate down to $1.99 from $3.99, but instituting a $0.02 text messaging fee. So we think that, that stimulated some more retail prepaid growth in the last month of the quarter, but it was not enough to offset the disconnects from October and November. So I think we see some little momentum going there, bringing our price down more to where the rest of the market was. On the wholesale side, I think it is important that we really distinguish this international coin, because if you think about it, on the 12.2% wholesale decrease, 28% of that was driven by the international wholesale piece. So when you state that out, the wholesale decline was only 5.5%. And we did that because, as we said before, there were a lot of routes that were not profitable or very slim margin routes, where we decided to raise our price. That traffic went away, the revenue declined, but I think as we work through that in the third quarter next year, I think you'll see a different picture for us going forward on wholesale.
Francis Shammo: Well, I mean, obviously, we had a 16,000 reduction in labor this year. So there was a more of a significant impact there, and of course, a big majority of that was driven by the associate population who decided to accept the incentive that we put on the table and work with our bargaining folks. And we put that on the table, and 16,000 associates took that. So obviously, that was some of the decline. But I think there's more behind the story than just that. I think you have to look at the whole picture, which is the increasing of FiOS. So FiOS is becoming a bigger portion of consumer. And when you think about Access Line loss, we went from 9.3% Access Line loss down to 8% in the final quarter. So you're seeing a declining trend for us in access loss. So the other thing is, as you look at the ARPU on FiOS, it's becoming a much bigger segment, it's 53% of the consumer revenue. When you look at Access Lines, it's now only 7% of our overall corporate revenue from a consumer standpoint. So it is becoming less and less significant. FiOS continues to make progress and profitability. So I think you have to look at the whole thing. But obviously, there is a lot of cost reduction initiatives that are there. I mean, you can take the labor piece, but I think you also have to look at everything that Virginia Ruesterholz’s group does out of Verizon Services organization, which is real estate, energy, fleet management. It is just disciplined execution on all those costs that help contribute it to the margin increase.
Francis Shammo: So from a FiOS prospective. The interesting part here with FiOS is as FiOS grows, it's becoming more profitable. And it's because we are becoming more efficient in how we connect the home, how we passed the home, how many labor hours it takes to connect that home. So if you look at the whole picture, the more we do, the better we are, and the better and the more efficient we get at it. Now, as I said, our goal is always to add between 180,000 and 200,000 TV net adds in a quarter. I think we've increased the penetration, as I said before also, in the third quarter, is we've concentrated much more on the MDU space. So if you look at the MDU's, we actually opened up 500,000 MDU open for sale this year versus only 300,000 last year. That became a bigger portion of our adds in the second half of the year and MDU's holistically, are more cost effective to connect because once you build the building, it's now just connecting all the apartments or condos within that building. So I think you're seeing some more of the efficiency there, which then drives more ARPU up. I think also, there's a couple things with Flex View. So we just launched Flex View. In the short period of time we've had Flex View out there, we've only had 2,000 titles on that platform. That will grow to over 9,000 by the end of next year. Within those eight weeks that we had Flex View out, we sold 41,000 titles at approximately $15 per title. So now those titles are in the cloud, which now these consumers can watch on any device, anywhere, anytime and around the world. So I think that is also going to help us drive some more incremental ARPU with very little cost, when you think about adding those Flex View titles. So I think that goes to the FiOS story. Then on the second piece with enterprise, the 1.3% sequential growth. Two components really helped with that growth. One was consumer premises equipment. But I will tell you that we have, over the last four quarters, have sequentially increased our price in consumer prem equipment. And I can tell you that we have doubled the margin on the amount of equipment we sell now. And I can also tell you that we have really moved ourselves away from what we would call drop shipment. We're letting other people plan the drop shipment space. Really, where we're selling consumer premises equipment is bundled with our strategic services and our IP components. So then when you take a look at the second component, which is really strategic services, we had our best growth of the year at 7.5% increase in strategic services. That was really driven by our security portfolio, which had a 12% increase year-over-year. We are gaining momentum in the marketplace on security because of the great ratings that we've gotten from Gartner as the number one global provider of security. So I think really the strategic services is really where we're focused at, the equipment comes with all the other bundles we're selling, but the equipment margin is increasing year-over-year. Okay, I think what I'll do is I'll stop there because, I want to get to the next part of the program. So what I'll do now is I'm going to invite Lowell McAdam, our President and Chief Operating Officer, up to the stage, and he will take us through the next phase of the program, which is more of a strategic discussion.
Francis Shammo: Yes, so John, I think, as I said, the biggest driveway now is the wholesale side. So on the consumer side, you have growth from FiOS. On the enterprise side, you have growth. So it's really the wholesale side. And I think that as we get through the third quarter on the international traffic situation, I think you'll see some improvement there. Mike Milligan, who's the President of our wholesale, believes that there are, through the Fiber to the Cell program that we have, through Ethernet that we have, they actually grew 6.6% year-over-year within that segment. So as we continue to see some of the decline in the voice side, I do feel that there could be a potential. If the economy stays steady and we get some growth in the economy and wholesale comes back, we could be back to a growth in the overall segment.
Francis Shammo: Well, I mean, again, I think you have to look at the holistic picture. But obviously, it's because of the iPhone and the subsidy on the iPhone.
Francis Shammo: Well, at this point, what I said was under the assumption of the 11 million units, you could factor in at 2x. But at the end of the day, I'm not giving guidance on '12 because I don't know yet what the total volume will be in '11.
Francis Shammo: I think a couple of important facts here, Jason. One is if you look at our current base today, 52% of that base is on feature phones with no data plan. There's another 15% on multi-video type devices, which only had a $10 data plan at that time, which you know now, we have discontinued that line. So within our own base, there are 67% of the people who can upgrade and bring more ARPU with them. So if you think about a feature phone customer going to a Smart phone, the ARPU on that is 2x what they deliver on a feature phone. So I think it's important because I don't know exactly what the mix will be at this point in time. But I think it is important to know there is tremendous growth within our own base by moving that base to Smart phones, whether it be an iPhone or a DROID or some other device. So I think as you think through that, I think you have to look at the overall base, plus what would be coming in from new.
Francis Shammo: So I'll take the capital and maybe I'll have Lowell take the long-term strategy on the access lines for the LTE. But on the capital structure, I think the way we look at it, is as we've said, we're going to continue to de-lever. So that de-lever will happen in the Wireless unit. I am not going to lever up just to distribute cash to the parents. That's not going to happen. But I'm also not going to build cash in Wireless either. As Lowell spoke about, when the time comes, we'll start to deliver cash to the share owners. So I think that's how you have to look at this. But overall, we will continue to manage our capital structure. We will continue to manage our debt levels and refinancing and position, taking advantage of some of that better interest rates in the marketplace. And we will continue to do all that. But I think, as we said, our target for EBITDA to debt ratio, we are at 1.3 today, and we will continue to de-lever that.
Francis Shammo: So from a guidance perspective, I'm not going to get into that detail of the guidance between what the ARPU growth will be. And I mean, what we say is we're at 26% penetration on data today, we'll be at 50% plus. Data revenue is 2x that of a feature customer. So that's where we're at. As far as cannibalization from LTE, I think what you have to look at is I don't think that the broadband connection to the home with the speeds that are being enabled at 150 megabits per second through FiOS, that's going to go away. I think that given the amount of content that will be put into that home, I don't think that will be a displacement for broadband connection. However, I do believe that when you get out into the rural areas, there's going to be some opportunities. And I'll pass it to Lowell, he can talk about the DIRECTV relationship and what we've done there.
Francis Shammo: So addressing the cost savings program. We, with the $1.5 billion, I don't remember that figure, quite honestly. But from running the operating unit during the year, we obviously achieved a significant reduction of employees. We closed over 7 million square feet of real estate, we either sold it or closed it or subleased it. We have significantly reduced the cost, as I said before, from a FiOS perspective. We have gotten more efficient as we have gone on. So I think at the end of the day, we achieved what we said we would achieve, which was we were going to expand the Wireline margin, which we did. And I think going into next year, as Lowell has said, that is going to be the consistent strategy going forward. From just an overall compensation standpoint, as Ivan had mentioned, we moved more risk to cash flow away from revenue. And obviously, you can see from the charts, the revenue growth is not going to be really quite an issue, but we have to make sure that we generate the cash flow at the bottom, both in the Wireline unit and the Wireless unit.
Francis Shammo: Well, I think you saw that in the back of the room, the 4G device lineups we have from major manufacturers are terrific devices. So the iPhone sort of establishes its own gravitational pull. But if you look at the CES show and how much attention we got around LTE, and you look at the breadth of those devices, I really feel good. And we frankly worked very hard to get here as that we would have a balanced approach. One thing we said we would never allow ourselves to do is to become a one phone company. And we're a portfolio company, and I think we've positioned ourselves that way. And what the message I was trying to send earlier today is that portfolio is also broad when you look at the Enterprise side, the FiOS side and the Wireless side. So we won't be one business focused and we certainly won't be one device focused.
Lowell McAdam: And John, I think I had to add to that -- I think there's some good, let's say, let's call it earnings potential on the core side as well. I see lots of opportunities to take more cost out just by being more efficient, not just on the labor side, but more efficient on how we provision, how we maintain, so we have fewer dispatches on that side. And as you and I were talking earlier, we've seen a slight decrease in the disconnect side on the core. And if we can keep the quality and the expense in a good position there, I think we can improve overall profitability of the core.
Lowell McAdam: We've got a couple of, I think, significant moving pieces here. Obviously, the iPhone is one of them. But if you take a look at the 4G devices that we've got outside, I mean, they are terrific devices. And the tablets that go along with those, we're working very hard with lots of different developers to bring new applications. I mean, there's a lot of upside. And I can tell you, later this afternoon, Ivan and I will meet with the employees, and we'll be talking a lot more than 50%. But I think we've got to be very careful that we guide you in a prudent and conservative way, and that's kind of where we are at this point.
Lowell McAdam: Those two questions are interesting bedfellows, I have to say. So on the supply side, you all see the different forecast. And we've spent a lot of time with Steve and Tim, talking about what we might expect, not only existing iPhone subscribers, but there's a lot of people on other networks that are interested in that device on the Verizon network. So from that part, you could be wildly optimistic or you could be conservative. Now you also have to factor in, you remember last year, we ended up with a shortage of screens and some of the basic components because as we started to come out of a little bit of a downturn. So our hesitancy to give you a strong number on supply is just we don't know whether we'll be able -- the demand is very variable and some of the components are variable. But we feel very good on hitting the kind of numbers that Fran talked to you about. Now on Vodafone, I think I need to reemphasize that trying to change this from a pure financial partnership to an operating partnership. If you look back over the last 11 years, our technologies were so far apart, it made it difficult to sort of reach across the aisle and do a lot of things together. Well, they've launched LTE in Germany. Obviously, we've launched LTE. We see now, especially when you look at all the things I talked about on the asset side, that them working with us from not only just Wireless, but from the business side, really is a competitive advantage for both of us. Now we've said over the years that eventually, we'll be into a place where we'll be giving a dividend. To me, they contributed the assets. We knew this day was coming. It'll be a fair dividend. We'll get their support for making additional investments in the business. That's the key for us, is to keep Verizon Wireless very healthy. And if there's excess cash on that, then we'll dividend it out and Fran will use some for our investments across the business and Victoria will use some. But I think that as we get to the end of this year, we'll sit down and we'll talk about it in the board, and we'll figure out what a fair and reasonable dividend is.
Lowell McAdam: So on the core in the 30% that's less. Let me tell you, my priorities, first, are to get better penetration on FiOS. Every customer I talk to, investors, you name it, if they've had FiOS, they've used FiOS, they go holy cats. I didn't think there was a difference. There is a difference, and they love it. So I've got to go back to what we did with Verizon Wireless in the beginning, when all the carriers were viewed the same and we came up with the can you hear me now campaign, and people really appreciated reliability. We're going to find that message so that we can get penetration up. When you get penetration up, the profitability changes, so that equation may change as well. Now we're also going to, as I said earlier, work on the basic profitability of that 30% to try to make that better. If we can sustain it, and I think we have a tendency and I think all of you have the tendency to sort of write things off very early on. If we get to the point where we do those two things and it doesn't make sense for us, then we'll look at additional dispositions. It depends on where the properties are and that sort of thing. So I'm not ruling out anything. But my number one priority is to make FiOS more profitable and stabilize the other core assets.
Lowell McAdam: Well, we've got a couple of things. We've licensed our 700MHz in some of the very rural markets that we weren't going to get to for a while to the rural carriers, so that they could get that infrastructure up and operating. And as Fran mentioned, we've got a number of trials with DIRECTV where we have bundled, we've got a special antenna that we've developed together, but we've bundled the video service together with a high-speed Internet access service. And that, again, works very well in the rural markets. So there's ways to get in there. My view is over time, if I look over my years, the Wireless will sort of nibble away at the low end of the Wireline offering. But it's very difficult to beat a dedicated facility into somebody's house. And certainly, it's not on any roadmap I've seen where we're going to hit a 150 megabytes in a broad Wireless deployment.
Lowell McAdam: We can talk about this for a while here. That is, I would say, is right if you looked at the entire base of Wireless customers in the U.S. But remember, over the last 10 years, we have gone for that high-end customer and their families. And what we see, when we bring out a great phone like the DROID, and I expect it's going to happen exactly that way with the iPhone, is we pull a lot of family share lines with them. Now in the past, those were $9 lines. In the future, they're going to have the $39 or whatever our data package is associated with those. And what we see is once people get those phones in their hand, they say, "I can live with a flip phone." We tease Ivan, he still carries a flip phone once in a while. But when they get those Smart phones in their hands, the usage goes up, they get on the unlimited plans or they move up in tiers. So I actually feel good about, and when Fran shared some of his charts, having those feature phone customers moving up with the set of devices we have and the clientele we have, I don't see that as a big problem.
Lowell McAdam: Fran can take the synergy side. I mean, we do see lots of opportunity with Vodafone around procurement and hitting these accounts, but Fran can talk about the numbers. So Enterprise. No, I think it's much more than just the economy. Certainly, the economy will help, but as you see the different applications, and Cloud is a very interesting thing. Everybody's talking about it. But what we find, what I find interesting is you sit down with a customer and you start to have a security discussion. The Cybertrust is usually where we start the discussion. They've got things that they want to get out on the mobile network. They're very concerned about the security of it. We bring the Peter Tippett and the team in, and we do the discussion and then it turns into, well, now you can store that application for me on your Cloud and deliver it around the world. So I think that the economy certainly will help, but I think some of those applications will get us up that curve very quickly, I think, quicker than we think.
