Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. Our priority about 2022 is to continue to execute on our Network as a Service strategy and to drive growth across all our five vectors. This is a critical year for scaling on our strategic investment as we work to capture all of the promise that 5G offers both from a customer experience perspective and for a future revenue growth. We made good progress in this quarter and continue to execute on our long-term plans. Our core business and our strategy showed strength and we have a solid momentum going into the second quarter, all built on the strong confidence in our strategy. Now we’re ready to take your questions. Back to you Brady.
Hans Vestberg: I’ll start, Brett, and then Matt will support later on there. First of all, I mean if you look at the quarter, we had a very good wireless net adds quarter of course because if you look over the combination, our business side was very strong. Consumer also had a good quarter, but a little bit slowness as we said in the prepared remarks in March. However, if you think about it, it’s logical. I mean the competition is higher as we’ve seen now for a while, because we’re coming into the second phase of the 5G era and acquisition of 5G customers or sort of an important piece in the market. And what we see is of course, a really good traction for us. I mean our share levels are still very low. We’re doing well. We’re doing upgrades and step ups all the time. So - and that’s our focus, then of course, as we always say, we look into the market and we will take measured actions if it’s needed. That’s we’ve done all the time and being very financially disciplined when we come into the market with the offerings and see if there’s something we need to do. But right now I feel really good where we are. We’re actually with our launch, our Ultra in the beginning of the year, it’s really kept made us in a total different situation because our network is just fantastic. And that’s what we see from our customers, both on fixed wireless access and both on consumer and business. And this was the whole strategy we laid out. And when we met in the beginning of March, when it comes to our overall long-term strategy, so now I’m pleased what I see then is going to there be competitive market, but that’s how it is and I think it’s very logical and partly we are sort of coming out with so strong offerings, mix and match and all of that, so the market responding to it. So, yes, I feel good about the strategy.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Simon. No, no, this is of course one of the five vectors of growth that we are very focused on and clearly you’ll see the momentum growing for us even since we met in the beginning of March. So clearly, as we turn on more and more houses and businesses for sale, we have a good sale too, and the quarter was of course good for us. And we’re coming in with the momentum into the next quarter is really good. Then, of course, as we say, we’re now deploying sort of the C-Band in urban and suburban, millimeter wave is in urban, LTE is in rural. So that is really now also where the customers are coming onto. But clearly, C-Band is coming quicker in here, we only have even more opportunities. And as you heard me saying in my prepared remarks, we now also have an additional 30 markets that we’ll have early clearing on this year, which gives us even more frequency is 100 megahertz. So this is adding all to this momentum we have. And remember, we have been working on this for a while. We know how to do it all the way from the sort of provision of the network capacity management, building and propositions. And that comes through the pricing as well. I think we have a good pricing at the moment with a combined offering and also the standalone offering. And we see that’s making a good sort of wave in the market. But as always – we will always look into what is the right price point, which is the right type of value we’re giving our customers. I think we’re giving a great value and that’s what we see in the numbers. So yes, we have a great momentum coming out from the quarter going into this quarter and we will continue to hammer this as we’re having all the five vectors of growth constantly to see that we are reaching our long-term ambitions that we outline in the beginning of this orbit. In the beginning of March, I think that was our Investor Day wasn’t time ago.
Hans Vestberg: I can start with the C-Band. Yeah, for obvious reasons, we see more excitement in the markets where we’re turn on the C-Band and also some more upgrades. But remember, we are used in the beginning of the C-Band and we started within the mid basically of the quarter. So we’re there in the beginning, but clearly when our customers and consumers see the C-Band turn on this year enormous performance on the network and that is just make a big difference over time. So far, maybe not so much, but clearly the excitement is out there.
Hans Vestberg: No, I think that adding on the mobile edge compute, and we talked a little bit in the prepared remarks, but clearly we see the market now with the whole ecosystem coming in there. And we as the pioneer and the leader in the market definitely have more engagement that we had before. People think little bit to private networks in the beginning 5G private networks and then you build on the mobile edge compute on that. So now I see this as a traditional B2B and not only that it’s definitely clearly a way for us to build new relationship with our enterprise customer. But I said before this year we are building that funnel, we’re making it, and of course when come to meaningful revenue, a little bit higher that’s going to be more next year. So, but clearly this year we’re going to talk a lot about and show you what we’re doing, the solutions we have and remember also we have the smaller solution for SMBs when it comes to private 5G networks. We see so many use cases, and remember all is built on how we built the network from the beginning where we basic from the data center to the edge of the network, have one unified network which is fibered. And then at the edge of the network, we can do different solution for different type of customer groups. This is going to pay off big time the next five to 10 years and I feel really good about how we built the network and seeing also the importance of mobility broadband and cloud in our society for businesses and people. I think we’re so well placed in this, so I feel good about it.
Hans Vestberg: Yes, it is more – more ambition to continue. When it comes to capital intensity, I think we outlined that very clearly that we will have the peak year now, then we’re coming down. And then in 2024, 2025 we will have a BAU that is below 12%, which is of course over a decade, the lowest we’ve had, but that is coming from the investment levels we have done and prepared the network. In there of course we have the BAU expansion on C-Band, so that’s clear and already right now as you know, we have moved up. So now we will have doing at least 175 million POPs covered this year. And then of course that means also that other pieces of the network will come earlier and topping that with so far, we’re only using 60 megahertz, now we’re adding 100 megahertz in the next 30 markets. But remember in average we 161 megahertz nationwide and in many and mostly in the rural areas, we’re up to 200 megahertz. So of course we invested in this spectrum in order to be extremely competitive and do things that nobody else can do. So we going to continue to do it, but that doesn’t change the profile that Matt and I laid out when it comes to capital intensity. That’s included, but clearly we’re going to take advantage of the investments we’ve done and the sooner we do it, the better it is.
Hans Vestberg: I can start with the second one because I remember it, and I will come to the wireless customers. So on the Fios you’re right, 550,000 open for sale this year, which is an increase from 2021. And we will continue to look for opportunities to expand as our customers are allowing the product. So there are no limitation on that. That’s of course of the focus is in the ILEC when we’re doing the expansion outside that we – we predominantly working with fixed wise access. So ultimately we want to give high quality products on broadband that can be used for everything you need in a home or in a business and that’s what we’re catering for either to fixed wireless access on Fios. So we going to continue to see if we accelerate depending on customer demands, but clearly as we’re increasing Fios this year compared to last year, we see that happening, and our capture rate on Fios is of course magnificent, it’s great. We’re really strong on it. When it comes to the wireless customers and I guess I don’t 100% remember the questions, so Matt will probably support me at the end there. But one thing that we need to remember the strength of a SMB, for example, that we’ve had now for many quarters that is a clearly a segment that is doing when on wireless, then on the same time as Matthew said, we see our customers continue to do upgrade and step ups. That is part of our strategy and that we’re seeing in our base constantly. So I don’t think that is a big difference from previous quarters we’ve seen before, but I’m not sure maybe Matthew have something more than that.
Matt Ellis: Hey, John, so good morning. Thanks for the questions. On the EEB messaging there, there’s certainly - we’re seeing that change in the programs as we go forward here, but no major impact on customer volumes related to that. I think your bigger question on Verizon Consumer Group and the margins we saw in the quarter. So a couple of major things in there, certainly some one-time increases in costs as we look at the quarter. We were very, very strong on our marketing spend this quarter with the launch of C-Band, new price plans, launch of fixed wireless on C-Band as well and everything around that. So that’s in the quarter we would expect that to be returned to more normal levels as we head here into second quarter and go forward. And then of course, you saw the volumes up year-over-year that has some impact in there, and then Trac I mentioned in my prepared remarks so that has an impact. Initially that’s going to be in the 100 basis point to 200 basis point range impact as you bring Trac into the overall VCG mix. And then as we work through the integration and bring all of the customers in Trac onto our network that impact will lessen as we complete the integration over the next 12 months to 24 months. So combination of things in there, but certainly would expect to see a little bit of a slight uptake as we head into the rest of the year here on the – our consumer margin.
Matt Ellis: Yes. And Brett, your question on cash flows, you – in your question, you used to phrase it a timing factor in here, and I think absolutely that’s part of what we’re seeing. So couple of things on the receivable side with the last couple of years, we actually had some tailwinds associated with some of the impacts of the lower volumes that came through as we went through the pandemic. And now we’re seeing those volumes return to more normal levels, which creates a temporary headwind, but it’s really just getting back to where we were. You think about device payment levels, those are certainly up year-over-year. As we said, activations were up in the quarter 11%. Therefore, we’ve more device loans on the balance sheet, but it’s really getting back to those pre-pandemic levels rather than anything else. We saw an actual benefit in core customer payments that helped the year ago number with all the subsidy money out there. That was a one-time benefit that we’re lapping. Customer payments continue to be incredibly strong. So we’re very pleased with that. And then the inventory side, as we’ve managed through some of the disruptions that we’ve seen there, we’ve taken advantage of the balance sheet strength we have to run it higher the normal inventory levels. But obviously, I would be looking to have us return to more normal levels on that over time here. So I expect those to be just timing factors as you said in your question and continues to be very competent in the overall strengths of the cash flows that this business produces.
Matt Ellis: Yes. There’s certainly a little bit of an increase in, it is largely what you see in the inventory side of the balance sheet there coming from handsets and so on. So there is a little bit more cushion in there in the system so to speak, which we think is appropriate given the environment that everyone’s operating in. But it’s certainly something that we have – we think gives us a good position in the marketplace and as supply chains become more predictable again going forward, we’ll adjust that accordingly.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Phil, so your question around just what we’re seeing there. Look, I would tell you that there is nothing that we see in the data that suggests any change in share out there. Certainly believe there has been a bit of a down tick in overall foot traffic, not just in our stores, but up and down the high street. But our share continues to be where we would expect it to be. Our churn continues to be very strong and that’s always a good indicator of if we are competing effectively and clearly with the churn at these levels versus historical levels, we feel very good about that. So overall continuing to get our fair share and we expect to continue to do so.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So just a couple of things add on there. So Simon, as you think about the volumes we had in the first quarter, remember, that’s not a full quarter of C-Band. That came on in middle of January. And of course, you have that time period where the sales teams are building up the sales motion of selling a new product. So certainly think that we can continue to see good numbers there as we go through the rest of the year. And we’re just getting started with what you saw the 194,000 in the first quarter. And from a pricing standpoint, as Hans said, it’s – you should think about it that price point you mentioned is for a customer, who’s also taking wireless products from us as well. On a standalone basis, it’s higher price, but we’ll continue to look at the pricing proposition and maximize both the value for customers, but also the opportunity for us as well.
Matt Ellis: If I just had one comment onto Hans’ last piece there, while certainly we always want to find a higher gear and never happy with a result, I think we can do better next year. The phone ads was 142,000 battery in 1Q this year than last year. So you see us continuing to make progress there.
Matt Ellis: On the guidance, Mike, so as you think through it, in terms of the lower end of range on wireless service revenue. Part of that is obviously as we see the nature of the competitive environment, but it’s also the volumes that you see us delivering and some of the impacts of that. So excited by 11% increase in activations year-over-year that shows strong interest from our customers, but that of course does mean that we see the amortization impact from promo come through the wireless service revenue and so we’ll see that impact there. That of course will also impact the EBITDA guidance, but EBITDA guidance also has our views on inflation as well as we think about the year as a whole and certainly those views have evolved over the has 90 days for everyone as well. And then so obviously EBITDA impacts the EPS guidance and the EPS also has the interest expense that I commented on in my prepared remarks that it’s probably the low-single digit impact on an EPS basis that obviously come through as a result of higher Fed hikes and was probably in people’s plans at the start of the year. So a number of factors impact in each of those items. We still feel very confident in the results of the business we’ll produce this year and the momentum that we’re building in the year across the growth vectors to deliver the long-term aspirations that we all have.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So Doug, just add onto that a little bit. If you think about network usage and customers demand on the network continues to grow year-over-year that’s true across every geography. So you should expect no difference in how we think out C-Band rollout to get 5G Ultra Wideband to all of our customers, the same way we did with LTE rollout a decade ago. And as you saw with the LTE rollout, as we got out of the initial launch areas to more nationwide, we did that within our overall CapEx envelope and that’s what we’ve described that you should expect from us as we do the same thing with C-Band and get the 5G experience to all of our customers as soon as possible here.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So on the comments about March and April volumes, those are predominantly on the consumer side, nothing particular in terms of breaking the consumer apart there in terms of particular areas. But as Hans said the VBG site, Verizon Business Group continues to do very strong performance across small business, enterprise, public sector, double-digit growth and gross ads across each of those parts of Tami’s business in the first quarter. And that really fairly even throughout the quarter. So we saw a little lower foot traffic on the consumer side, but the business side continues to perform at a fairly even level throughout the quarter and as we head into Q2 here.
