Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. The assets are in place to make 2022 Verizon's best year yet. Coming off a catalyst year, we are excited to execute on our 5G growth and deliver the financial targets we laid out at our Investor Day back in March of last year. We have clear priorities for the year. We will continue our legacy of disciplined execution and look forward to delivering against our operation and financial targets that Matt just outlined. We expect organic service and other revenue growth of around 3% in 2022. And we also expect to increase EBITDA by 2% to 3%. We commit to strengthen and growing our core business and commercializing our unique assets. By combining our Verizon Ultra Wideband with the new mix and match plans, we can supercharge 5G Ultra Wideband adoption to enhance customer experiences and to increase average revenue per user. At the same time, we will continue to expand our fixed wireless access positioning Verizon as a premier nationwide broadband provider. We believe that Verizon's fixed wire access offering will drive the next leg of broadband growth, increasing our market share and reach. We will innovate in our business of business offerings, bringing mobile edge computing to our enterprise clients and transform the Internet of Things from a vision to reality. You should continue to expect us to sign new clients and provide examples on how the mobile edge compute is addressing the complex needs of our customers. We will benefit from our leading position in the value segment. The integration of TracFone will form the basis of deep and productive relationships that can grow to meet our customers' changing needs throughout life. We will continue to run Verizon as a purpose-driven organization. We will pursue C-band and 5G leadership because these technologies are critical for economic prosperity and driving innovation for all, not just for Verizon. We will continue to serve all of our stakeholders, shareholders, customers, employees and society. And lastly, I also hope to see you all again at our upcoming Investor Day on March 3. With that, I hand it back to Brady.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brett. Let me start and get additional matter. When it comes to the growth in 2022, first of all, I think, we're coming in with a great momentum from 2021, both in our business and in our consumer units. Both of them have done a great job at the end of last year. Topping that, of course, with the C-band launch, which we're very excited about, and we see a very, very good performance with our new offerings, both on the business side and the consumer side with mix and match and all of that. That all great, of course, for us, what we feel is a great momentum coming into this year, and we also have the step-ups and as you heard me and Matt talking even though we are continuing to step up our customers, we even have more to do there. And we have a couple of years of more growth coming from that ARPA expansion. So coming into the year, we feel really good about the momentum we have, but also about opportunity in the market on the wireless market. Matt will come back. But on the broadband piece, just quickly then, we, of course, are very excited over the Fios broadband. What we saw last year was the best year in 2014. We will continue to expand the footprint and because we have such a good performance on it and customers love it. And then on top of that, as I said, fixed wirless access is now coming into a totally different model. We have it on 4G. We have millimeter wave. And then, of course, turning on the C-band earlier this month, we just opened up new opportunities for us. Of course, we want to see fixed-wire access continue to grow for us, and this is a super focus for the team. And you asked where the customer comes. First of all, all the fixed virus customers will have. They use these as the primary broadband solution for them. That's very important because that we see on the usage on them. So you saw back up or secondary line on fixed virus access is the primary broadband usage. And secondly, these customers are coming from basically cable and DSL areas where they are using that. So that's where we take them from. They are new to us as broadband customers, and sometimes they are new. They're not even wireless customers. So that's where we get them from right now. And I think that, that's our sweet spot right now when we're a national broadband provider. So all in all, excited we're getting into '22 with all the assets we have right now and, hey, what is sort of the year with all of that coming together so early in the year for us with C-band.
Hans Vestberg: I think this is sort of the full strategy of Verizon coming together. This was we envisioned and some of us was in conference room in New York in 2018 and talking about Verizon intelligent Edge network. I wanted to build that in order to serve a market where capacity and connectivity is needed all across the network for all type of customers. And clearly, the C-band is just adding enormous lot of capacity for us. But don't forget the millimeter wave now. I mean, that strategy is really working for us as well because we take a lot of the high-volume areas with millimeter wave, which unleash out the spectrum. And hey, we haven't even starting to do a carrier aggregation and using part of our spectrum yet coming into the 5G. So, I would say, clearly, we will be more aggressive on it, especially on fixed wires access because we feel so good about the capacity management and we have the best engineers in the industry. They have never failed the strategies that were put up. So, I feel really good about our capacity. We can go wherever we want. We have Tami and Manon, the two CEOs of our units, going hard on to all the products we have in all angles of the network. So yes, I think we feel really good about our capacities right now and what the team is doing, it's just amazing.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. So first of all, as you heard, our deployment on C-band has been extremely successful, basically deliver a quarter ahead, and the guys has brought up so much site that's just amazing. Then you know also that voluntary, we agreed to not turn on some portion of the sites close to the airports, which is a smaller portion of the totality. I would say this is good progress. Everybody is focused. We have the highest assurance from the White House that this will be resolved very soon. I follow this person and myself. But again, it's a smaller portion of the network. The big thing is doesn't impact our business at the moment, meaning by customers that we can serve. But clearly, we want this to be resolved as soon as possible. So the pressure is on everybody involved to make this fixed. When it comes to fixed wireless access, you're right. I mean we have now, for a couple of years, learned all the way from billing, customer care how to work with fixed virus access. And I think that's a really good way for us to learn going into the second or into '22 when it comes to fixed wireless access. So of course, we have high ambitions internally for fixed wireless access and the team is really well prepared for it.
Hans Vestberg: I'll start with the second question, and then Matt will walk you through a little bit on TracFone. Yes, on the market, as I said before, I mean, we compete well in a competitive market, and we prepare ourselves for that. And we think our offerings, both on wireless and fixed wireless access, including Fios support, of course, is very strong. Ultimately, we have a different recipe than many others, the best network then we have all our partnerships that nobody else has. And finally, we have a great value proposition to our customer with mix and match where they can pick and shoes. So that's why we feel really good going into this year. And with everything we have been doing in the last couple of years, we know it's working. Our strategy is working here. And clearly, we have also the owners' economics on both wireless and broadband, which is different from anybody else basically, that we actually have this owner because we have built a network from the data center to the edge with commonality, testing type of equipment. And then at the edge, we decide what type of access points we have depending on customer and solutions. And then we give them different applications and bundles with Disney+, whatever or if there are other solutions and I think that's unique for us. We have created that in the last three years, and that's why we sit here right now and feeling, we're going to compete well in this market even though it's competitive.
Hans Vestberg: Yes, I'll start with the mobile age compute. No, as you have seen, we have a great progress on that. First of all, we have three different business cases on the same infrastructure again where the private mobile edge compute, where the public mobile is compute and we have private 5G network. That's what we're working on right now. And they are a little bit different use cases, of course, of all of them. Some are a little bit more B to B to C and some are really B to B. What we are doing right now is, of course, bringing all that live together with our partners, and we have the three largest web-scale players in the industry working with us on all of these. And suddenly, we start seeing with every announcement that you see in the market, if it's IoT solutions or Metaverse solution, I mean that's what we built the network in normal edge compute. So this year, I'm looking for taking many of our proof-of-concept together with large enterprises and application developers to commercial deals. If you would put it in timing, I would say the fixed wire access is a little bit earlier, as we said all the time. The mobility case is first on 5G, then fixed wireless access, and we talked a lot about that and then mobile edge compute. So, you're going to see more about us gaining and winning a lot of businesses because we are the only one in the market in the mobile age compute. So that's what you're going to see in '22. And then of course, we're going to build up our revenue base going into '23.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you for the question. First of all, I think what we have designed this network and our go-to-market is optionality for our customers. If the market goes to more convergence, definitely, we will be there. We're going to be nationwide with broadband, and we're going to be nationwide with wireless. If a stand-alone business, we can do that as well because we have the scale right now, all the way from our network, to our capacity, to our IP, to our go-to-market, customer care, all the way we have scale. So we are just playing with the -- where the market is going and giving the optionality. The same goes for our content deals. I mean trying to see that our customers can pick and choose what they want and see if they want it. They can keep it or they can continue with it. So all in all, with our mix and match, our network, everything is set up for optionality of a customer choice. We are the Company that can give customer choice and then we have economies of scale in either of the solution. So if the market go converges, we're going to be there. If it's go separate, we're going to be there, and we're going to have economies both the -- and it will increase our leverage when it comes to profitability because this one network is one way to go to the market for us regardless of.
Hans Vestberg: Yes, I will answer on the fixed wireless. First of all, I think we have not changed our long-term strategy to be financial discipline when it comes to our customer acquisitions. We are focused on high-quality customers, and we will continue to do so. Our team is extremely methodical when it comes to do these offerings and see the long-term benefit for us and for the customer and what we give them. As I said, right now, in our fixed wire access, we have this bundle to see if that is what the market wants to have. But again, we have optionality with the pricing. We can do it standalone or we can do our premium on wireless. And I think all in all, again, we have ones economics on both of them. So, it should be possibly financially for us. And again, the team is very convinced that we have a really, really good formula here. And I have all the confidence in my consumer team, but don't forget the business team. The business team is doing fixed wireless actuals as well, and they're doing mobility as well, and they have a great opportunity. Again, we use our platforms, the long-term strategy we put in, in order to be using sort of the same type of solutions to our customer base and that we can scale and that's why we can the guidance we do right now for 2022 and feeling good about it.
Hans Vestberg: No, the only addition I would do is, of course, that when it comes to this initial build, I mean the vast, vast majority is on sites we already have. We have said it before. It's the same grid as the 4G, which is great for us, how we do this. And then we have normal expansions over time, but that's nothing unusually CAU. When it comes to the performance of the C band, this is a perfect sort of cliffhanger. It's a little bit early. Of course, we're excited, but we have Investor Day 3 of March. And I think that if we tune in there, you'll probably get something about the performance on our C-band. But early into it, I'm really pleased what the technology team have done and our partners have done so far, but stay tuned for the 3 of March, and we will talk more about that.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Brett. So just a couple of follow-ups on the service and other revenues. So certainly, we're excited about all the new opportunities ahead of us, such as fixed wireless, as Hans mentioned, and the other five growth vectors. But as you think about 2022, that organic approximately 3% will largely be driven by the momentum we saw coming out of last year. On the business side, very strong volumes in the second half of the year in SMB and Global Enterprise, it gives us a great platform to build on. I would expect the wireless service revenue growth in VBG to be above the 4.8% they did last year at or above that number. So, we'll see the benefit of the strong second half coming through in VBG there. On the consumer side, as Hans mentioned, we have approximately 30% of our customers with -- on a premium unlimited tier. So we have the opportunity to set more customers up. And with the new plans we announced earlier this month, we give customers an even bigger reasons for stepping up to those premium tiers. So that would be the major drivers of the growth during the year. We get into the second half of the year, start to see fixed wireless, especially as that base grows, we'll start to contribute there, but really built on the great momentum we have, coupled with our activities over the past few weeks gives us a lot of excitement as we think about '22.
Matt Ellis: Yes. No, I'll just reiterate a couple of those comments. I mean, absolutely, we're sticking with the $10 billion of incremental. Very pleased with the aggressive pace that Kyle and team have been able to adopt there, which means that we see those -- what we did last year, plus five to six is year leaves a fairly small amount to come through in 2023. And after that, the C-band becomes part of our BAU CapEx number as we add capacity to the network. And we -- as Hans mentioned, we've discussed for a while now, the opportunities to see capital intensity come down and we're starting to see those come through, and they will really accelerate really on the back end of '23, but just one additional item in there. On the one fiber build we've been doing at the end of 2021, we reached a point where we had just over 50% of the markets where we have completed the core network build. So there's only success-based network build taking place in those 50% of the market over the course of the next couple of years. We'll completely complete the core build across all on fiber market. So you have that, you have the reduction in LTE spend as 5G starts to replace it in terms of carrying large amounts of capacity. Hans mentioned in his prepared remarks, how much of the capacity millimeter wave has really started to pick up as well. And you can see there's a number of reasons why we feel good about capital intensity going forward here on the BAU. So we will be in a great place going forward. As you look at the spend for last year on C-band 2.1, that's obviously on a cash basis on an incurred basis, the activity in November and December, a large part of that will show up as CapEx in the first quarter here when we pay for those items. So, really strong momentum in terms of what the network team was doing last year. The flywheel is running at full speed now on the C-band build, and you see that with the activity this month so far.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So Simon, on your question around inflation, I mean the -- as you mentioned, we successfully completed our cost reduction program by the end of the first quarter, three quarters ahead of target. That really puts us in a great place as you think about inflation because we haven't stopped our work on continuing to get more efficient just because we hit the target but it really got that muscle developed and the teams continue to look at ways to improve our processes, make them more efficient and also improve both the customer and employee experience. So, the teams have continued strong targets in that space as we head into 2022. We all know inflation is out there and certainly we'll see some of that. The good news is that we have a good part of our cost base is tied to longer-term contracts, which means we're not necessarily going to see the full impact of inflation and at the same pace at other industries are seeing. But certainly, it's real. We'll take actions to address that. The guidance that we gave was based off our expectation for -- to see an uptick in inflation this year. And there's a number of levers we have if we can pull if the situation evolves.
Matt Ellis: Hi, Dave, on track. So I think as you walk through the things you described there, certainly, over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, we'll have the ability to bring all of the TracFone base onto the Verizon network and those customers get that step up in performance that you would expect when they come over. So as you recall, roughly two-thirds of the track base was already on the Verizon network. The other one-third will get migrated there. The final piece you mentioned was about once you've migrated them over the ability to step them up to postpaid. And look, those customers that want to step up to postpaid, we'll be in a great position to do so. With, as Hans mentioned, the mix and match structure given the customers' options as they move over to postpaid. But the TracFone acquisition wasn't based on bringing the ability to move more people over to postpaid. We want to have the best prepaid propositions in the marketplace we can complement what was already in place with the owner's economics we have. And so, we are in best position today for customers that want to stay on prepaid. We're going to have the best offer for those that want to move to postpaid, we can do that, too and just very excited about the opportunities that we now have with full ownership of the TracFone brands.
Matt Ellis: Mike, on your first question around the guidance on the revenue. So specifically, is it from a volume standpoint, when I look at the business segment, we saw very strong performance by that group in the second half of the year. We're excited about the momentum they have. We assume that they will continue to perform strongly from Matt's standpoint into 2022. And as you heard earlier, expect them to be at least at the service revenue growth from '21 or above. So that will be driven by continued strength in SMB and Global Enterprise. And then on the consumer side, we assume that the switcher pool will continue to be constrained based on the activity in the marketplace. We will continue to be very strong in terms of customer retention, and we have the opportunity to step customers up. You saw us do that last year. And now we have the additional opportunities that come with that, with the new mix and match plans on C-band. So we have great opportunity there. But as I say, we assume the switch of pool will to show some limitations just because of some of the other activity out there. But even with that, we think we'll have very strong service revenue growth next year. And then, we bring fixed wireless access on top of that, as you think about getting into the back end of the year in subsequent periods. So very excited about the momentum that we see from a revenue standpoint.
Matt Ellis: So thanks for the questions, Greg. So on the free cash flow for 2022, it starts with the strong cash generation from the business with the EBITDA, and you saw the EBITDA guide plus 2% to 3% driven from growth of the top line. That puts us in a good place. But I do expect we'll see working capital increase next year as we continue to support our customer activity, especially related to the device payment plans. Also as revenues and profitability increases, cash taxes have a nasty habit of increasing as well. So that will, of course, be in the CFFO. And then as you get down to free cash flow, as you mentioned, the CapEx will play in there. We said last year, we'd spend that incremental $10 billion over five years. We're going to see the biggest part of that come through this year. But you're also seeing the rest of the CapEx number being lower year-over-year, that range of $16.5 million to $17.5 million versus $18.2 billion, we've done not just last year but the last two years. So you'll see that come through. And really kind of linking that with your second question, but what you really see is our ability to execute across all parts of the capital allocation model, invest in the business with the -- not just the buying the spectrum, but accelerating the deployment of it, investing in TracFone at the same time, increasing the dividend for the 15th year in a row, continuing to strengthen the balance sheet. We said at the Investor Day last year, our leverage ratio would be about 2.9x at the end of first quarter with all the financing for the spectrum, and we'd be at 2.8x by the end of the year. We hit that target. So you see already coming down while doing that additional spend. So certainly excited about the opportunities that the cash generation of the business give us, and then as you think about rising rates, the team has done a great job of maximizing the debt portfolio. You see that in the interest expense. The majority of our debt is fixed rate. So it would take interest rates being at elevated levels for a long time period for that to flow through into our debt complex. So I think the way that we're managing the debt profile means that the rate environment will not cause us to change how we think about capital allocation model here. And certainly, we're focused on continuing to execute aggressively against all of the pillars of the model.
Matt Ellis: Peter, so I'll start off with the -- taking a look at your question around the '22 guidance. So certainly expect wireless service revenue to have another good year starting with the momentum we have coming out of '21, both in business and in consumer. And then we add obviously to that bringing TracFone in and also with the C-band and the new mix and match pricing. So we feel good there. We would expect in the legacy wireline business to see the some of the secular trends that we've been experiencing for a number of years now continue, providing an offset in there and you see the impact of that also as you think about the profitability. But certainly, the 2% to 3% on EBITDA, we think is -- shows that the business continues to grow, continues to increase the cash generation. And as we bring C-band online and execute across all five vectors of growth, we have opportunities to see that margin line expand even further as subsequent years as we go here. So the margin growth, the cash flow growth across the business should continue to be strong not just in '22, but for a number of years out. Hans, do you want to speak to fixed wireless.
Matt Ellis: So on the C-band build, so look, certainly, we are not complete with coverage from a build standpoint with the initial $10 billion. The $10 billion is incremental. As I said, once we spend the $10 million ongoing C-Band bill becomes part of our BAU CapEx. And you heard our comments earlier around expectation for continued improved capital intensity. But certainly, within the $10 billion is helping us build out significant parts of the first 46 markets, the ones we got access to and turned on last week. And also begin the early build in the other markets that are scheduled be turned on in December of '23. So, we'll get a substantial part of the coverage for C-Band built with the $10 billion, certainly not the whole thing. But then as we do that, traffic moves off of the LTE network to our need to continue to spend on capacity and the LTE network comes down, that's how we'll continue to fund the C-band build going forward as a result of those other efficiencies. So hopefully, that provides a little more detail on the...
