Brady Connor: Thanks, Brad. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. This is Brady Connor, and I am here with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hans Vestberg; and Matt Ellis, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, our earnings release, financial and operating information and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations website. A replay and transcript of this call will also be made available on our website. Before we get started, I'd like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussions of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon's filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials posted on our website. Now let's take a look at consolidated earnings for the second quarter. In the second quarter, we reported earnings of $1.40 per share on a GAAP basis. Reported second quarter earnings include a net pre-tax gain from special items of approximately $182 million, consisting of a pre-tax gain of approximately $1.3 billion related to a pension remeasurement credit, as well as a pre-tax loss of $1.1 billion from early debt redemption costs. Excluding the effects of these special items, adjusted earnings per share was $1.37 in the second quarter. In May, we announced an agreement to sell Verizon Media to Apollo Funds with an expected close date in the second-half of 2021. Upon the announcement, certain assets of the Verizon Media business were classified as an asset held for sale. As a result, we no longer depreciate or amortize these assets, which resulted in a partial quarter benefit of $0.03 per share in the second quarter, and this benefit will continue until the deal closes. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Hans to take us through a recap of the second quarter.
Brady Connor: Great. Thanks, Kannan. Brad, we've got time for one more question. Let's go to one last question, please.
Brady Connor: Great. Thanks, Colby. That's all the time we have today for questions. Thanks, everybody, and be safe.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. At our Investor Day, we laid out commitments for 2021 and beyond to scale our network as a service strategy and generate GDP plus growth. We made transformative investment over the last 12-months through acquisitions, divestiture and customer innovation, and creating a strong platform for growth in the second-half of 2021 and beyond. Our priorities for the second-half, continue to build on our current network and customer initiatives to further amplify and accelerate 5G adoption, further cement our network leadership through industry-leading mmWave and C-Band assets. We expect to close our TracFone and VMG transaction later this year, increasing our focus on what we do best, and bringing innovation and best-in-class customer experience to the value segment. And overall, drive growth across our five vectors with disciplined and customer focused execution. At the end, the great transformation in the first-half, we competed very well in the marketplace, and we're very confident and excited on our opportunities ahead. With that, I’ll turn it over to Brady for the Q&A.
Hans Vestberg: Yeah. As I said before, we have this formula right now that we've had since we launched unlimited, with both mix and match, and then our value proposition that we have done. And you saw in the second quarter, that now we added also gaming with good traction with both Google and Apple gaming. And this is a unique model for us. At the same time, of course, we have excitement around 5G, what we have in our network is performing extremely well. So, I think that our team, they have a very, very good model for continuing this. I think, I said it in the first quarter, it will become more of this value proposition and differentiation. And yes, it came, we went into gaming. So, I say it again, I have a lot of confidence in the team in Ronan's team to continue to come up with things that our customer loves, and using our distribution, our network and a brand to continue to grow this. And that is the whole strategy. Remember, the five vectors of growth, we’re playing in all five of them, and that's why we are also confident all of our long-term guidance without a doubt. And you see part that in this quarter that we already are executing on all of these vectors.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks. When it comes to broadband in general, that was brought up on our vision as we have outlined, we want to be a nationwide broadband provider, and we're going to use to access technology that is best suited for our customers in a mix of everything from fiber to 4G to 5G mmWave, C-Band, and all of that. And this quarter, we'll open up even more opportunities for that. We will open more 5G home markets, we will open more 4G home markets. And then of course, as Matt outlined as well, we took more Fios’ subscribers than ever in the last three, four quarters. So this is playing out well for us. We're opening up all of that. We are very excited about what's going to happen in the second-half with a new CP that has C-Band as well. So, we executed everything we said we should do in the Investor Day, in the second quarter. And we look forward to the second-half of this year, and we will continue the report out what we're doing. The second question, I think that we're open for business, but we don't comment on any particular deals in a market or something like that. But we are happy with the customers we have on our MNO.
Hans Vestberg: So, on the TracFone, I think nothing has changed since we outlined or we proposed acquisition. It’s tracking according to plan with a process that we need to go through. The team is responding to all the questions we have. So it's going to be in the latter part on the second-half of the 2021, as we thought all the time. So, nothing strange, it's actually on track. But that's where we are. Second question was…
Hans Vestberg: C-Band, yeah. The 7,000 to 8,000 sites, yeah, we can definitely say we're on track. When we reported the first quarter, we had just started everything. Now we feel we have a full funnel in the supply chain. The guys in our supply chain done a great job with our partners. We have all the gears we need to deploy the 7,000 to 8,000, and our team executing very well. So, we feel very good about being able to have 7,000 to 8,000 sites up by year-end. And when it comes for the long-term, I mean, we have the same ambitions as before, we haven't changed those, and we continue to execute. So, we will do it as fast as we can, given the different types of milestones that are involved in the spectrum. But, so far, we are executing on that plan, and we're on or ahead on the plan of executing right now for the end of the year.
Hans Vestberg: When it comes to the consumer group, and Matt explained a little bit why the margin is lower, because the hardware part of it is included there. And we think it’s a good sign on what's happening in the market. I would say David, we constantly think about profitable growth and that has been our strategy as long as I have been here. And Ronan and team, they think about that. But of course, if they see an opportunity, as we saw when the traffic came back into stores, and they call them it’s coming back, we did some offerings in this quarter, which was good timing. And we will continue to support Ronan, where we see he has a good solution for the market and our customers are going to love it. And I can tell you, our differentiation is really resonating with the market and that's what you see in the second quarter. And we will come back and see if there's something he wants to do in the second-half. But clearly, we're focused on profitable growth and we want to have -- we are writing high-quality business in high-quantity. That's what we want to do. And I think you see that coming through in these results.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. No, of course, we see some changes in behavior when it comes to our customers. But, we had already started building our omni-channel that our customer can start on the web, and they can end in the store, or they can start in the store and on the phone, and all of that in order to see that they will do these as seamless as possible. But clearly, we see much more digital than before. But also, when the economy came back and the vaccinations in the United States were coming up on high levels, we also saw the traffic coming back into stores. So we’ve had, I would say all our stores opened in the second quarter, and we see much more foot traffic than we have seen in the previous quarters. Not really back to pre-pandemic days, but clearly, fairly close. So, we think our customers still going to want to come into a store and see our technology and our products, but they might be wanting to finish the delivery and the purchase in a digital format. And that's how we build our store. So we're working very closely to see that the new behaviors that we can meet that’s where our customers really feel good about dealing with us, and I think that our team are doing a great job in that area.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, when it comes to specific deals in the market, we don't comment on that. And apparently, this is something that AT&T won from T-Mobile, so I cannot comment on our involvement in itself or not. But as I said, we're open for business. We have a natural strategy model, which is paying off well for us with the five vectors of growth, and part of that is monetization of MNOs and we're very happy what we have.
Hans Vestberg: Yeah, I can start with the C-Band. For obvious reason, we think it's an important moment. We are both amplifying and accelerating our 5G in the network, amplifying the opportunity. However, given away our commercial ideas when we're going to launch this right now we wouldn't do that. But, of course, we are excited over it. We think it's going to be great for our customer, it’s going to be fantastic performance and it expands our 5G mobility options, our 5G fixed wireless access options, and it also extends our 5G Mobile Edge Compute options. So, it's just playing straight into our strategy. So we are excited over it. And we will come back how we will bring that to our customers, so they are equally delighted as they are with our network today, but it’s getting something that is so much superior than anybody else.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. On the first one, if you've been listening to what I've talked about around 5G before, first of all, 5G as a technology is better to handle data than 4G. And that's obvious, it really is better than 4G as well. So that's happening. Then you need to add to that -- you're not only talking about spectrum, you're talking about how you engineer and how you build the network. So in our case, of course, we see great opportunities for being able to handle much more data. And remember, today on the mmWave, we might use 400, sometimes 800 megahertz, but not more, and we have 1600 megahertz nationwide. So, there's so much more we can do. And as Kyle showed at the Investor Day, our headroom in the network is bigger than before. And that's before we start building what we're building right now. So we feel really confident how many ex we are doing. And remember, our 4G is already the best in the nation. And then we are adding up right now what we're doing in 5G that is also extraordinary good. So others can talk and we usually execute, and we will continue with that.
Hans Vestberg: I can, and Matt will talk about no-paid churn. When it comes to the content deal, I think I've said it a couple of times now. Our whole idea is to offering exclusive offers for our wireless customers. And we also want to offer that partnership to brands that we really think resonate with us. And the model, as we’ve spoken about before is that this is incremental revenue for us. It's not only loyalty, it's actually incremental profit for us.  So it's a totally different model that might sometimes not been in the market before, because suddenly, we use the best network, the best distribution and the best brand to work with companies like Disney Plus, et cetera, to give our customers a premium experience, on top of the differentiation we're already have with a mix and match. And ultimately, when we make these customers to paying customers, we get our fair share of that, because we with our assets have created it together with the asset for Disney Plus, Discovery or gaming et cetera. So that's how the model is working. And as I said before, we're very pleased with it. I think we've six or seven of these offerings in the market right now and all of them are very positive to us and to our customers. And we will continue to see if we can find more. I think it’s a unique model that we have created that nobody else has in the market. And as I said, again, it goes back to Ronan and the team being very, very innovative and creative to see that we bring the best to our customer, not only the best network, but also the differentiation in offering. So I have to say I'm very pleased with that. And as I said, we've more in the funnel.
Hans Vestberg: I can make a quick answer on the promotion, and Matt will come back. We have already pulled the biggest 5G upgrades on the market. That we did today.
Hans Vestberg: Today. So yes, we see it is coming in and out when it's the right moment. But, Matt will probably comment a little bit more on it. On the business side, in Q4, 2018, Matt and I talked about that we think that this is one of the great opportunities we'll have over time with the business side. Remember, we had never consolidated our business side, it was compartmentalize in between all the different businesses we have. Tom and the team have during that moment, and remember, we said we're going to invest in order to see that we have the platforms of products, or CX and UX for our customers to be harmonized in order to be able to scale this to be a good business, and that they are doing and they probably are halfway through it. They're doing a lot of transformation in the business. At the same time, there are some headwinds, as we've seen before. That would be the wireline sort of cyclical -- or no, it's not cyclical, it's a sustained decline. And then, we have a wireless business, where we take more than our fair share. We are leading in all segments. And that balance, of course, is coming into this quarter. Of course, we had more hardware this quarter as well. And then, we're building for the new opportunities with 5G Mobile Edge Compute, private 5G networks, the 5G business internet, which is using fixed wireless access, so we have a lot of new products coming out as we're building. And we have the same ambitions, when it comes to financials, then we will be realistic, what's happening in the market and how the team -- but I'm proud of the team or what they are transforming to, and what we're aspiring for. And seeing the progress on Mobile Edge Compute, and business internet, that's of course, new opportunities that we have not seen coming into the P&L yet, but we're building it together with the transformation we're doing.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Hans, and thanks for the question, Brett. So, starting with the question about wireless service revenue growth, and as Hans mentioned, it's really building on the momentum that we've seen in the first-half of the year. The continuation of the sequential service revenue growth, we saw that the prior couple of quarters, we saw that increase even further, in the second quarter. We expect that trend to continue as we get into the second-half of the year, because of the operational momentum that Hans mentioned, more step-ups to higher price plans, et cetera, et cetera. In terms of the fees, obviously, the year-over-year component is rather unique this time, as second quarter last year was the most heavily impacted by COVID. And more specifically, for us, of course, we had to keep Americans connected pledge that was in place for all of the second quarter that as you said, impacted some of the fees. As you think about the numbers this year, a good chunk of those are back in. We're more at a BAU level. A couple of items, though that aren't in the numbers yet, obviously, international travel is not back to anywhere close to pre-pandemic levels. I don't expect that to be there, for the balance of this year. Hope there'll be a tailwind as we get into next year, but the guide doesn't make any assumption about an acceleration over return of those fees in the second-half of ‘21. One other thing I’d draw attention to as well, when you look at our numbers, and you think about return of fees, one of the things has been very strong in the first-half of the year is customer payment patterns, which is a great thing to see. And certainly, with all the stimulus payments out there, there's a lot of money in the system, and customers are actually paying more frequently. So, even though, we're back to normal in terms of things like late fees, we're actually charging significantly less than we were in second quarter of ’19, because more of our customers are paying on time at this point, which is certainly a trend that we're very happy to see. So, some of the fees are back. But not all of them are back when you think about it. And we're not assuming they will be back in for the balance of the year. The guide is based off of the strong operational momentum in the business, customers stepping up to those higher price plans, and we see that momentum continuing. Your second question about the EPS guidance, and obviously, glad to be able to raise the guidance that's based off having a very healthy business that is performing exceptionally well. As you mentioned, some of the upside to the guidance comes from the media depreciation, amortization, probably about $0.06 to $0.08, depending on the timing of the close. But the majority of its coming from cash items, whether that be the wireless service revenue guide, we were just discussing, but also related to improved expectation around cash interest expense, lower than anticipated at the start of the year. So, most of the guide is driven by cash-related items, and that's of course, based off the strong momentum you see in the business, both operationally and financially.
Matthew Ellis: Hey, John. So, as you mentioned, obviously, the higher mix of equipment revenues shows up in the margin percentage. But, I think you also have to look at the margin dollars, which are up sequentially, and also up significantly year-over-year. So, very happy with that performance at the margin line. As you say, when we have a higher equipment revenue, it has an impact on the margin, but I like the combination of volumes and margin that we had in the second quarter. As we head to the second-half of the year with the outline of our -- and the office we have in place that Hans mentioned, combined with new devices coming into the market. As we get closer to 5G launch, the underlying strength in the economy, I would expect that we will see good equipment volumes in the second-half of the year. And I would also expect to see good EBITDA dollars in the second-half of the year to go along with that.
Matthew Ellis: Simon, one other data point for you, the vast majority of the radios that we need to turn on those 7,000 to 8,000 sites already seeing in our warehouses. So, the supply chain is robust, working very well with our partners. And, obviously a lot of work still to do, but the network teams from where we were in March, after we came out of the auction to where we are today. Their detailed plans in place and they are executing strongly against it.
Matthew Ellis: Spectrum clearing is also on track. We stay close to the folks doing everything. We hear from them is that's completely on track as well.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah, so just adding to Hans, so obviously, the margin percent will be impacted by the volumes. We saw good volumes in the second quarter. But as Han said, what we're focused on is if you also look in their sequential service revenue growth continue to lead the industry in that, because not all net ads are created equal. And that also come in with EBITDA dollars increasing. So the margin percentage will play out where it does based off the volumes. But we're focused on you have seen that sequential revenue increase, and also the EBITDA dollars flowing in the right direction. In terms of your question around the cost of service, predominantly in consumer, but I think one of the items that we had in the second quarter was a step-up in the network rents and lease of about $60 million a quarter, as a result of the new lease payments we put in place. As you know, under the accounting, you look at the total payments over the life of the lease and kind of flat line irrespective of how the actual cash flow payments flows. So, there was obviously a significant upgrade to our lease agreements. And that was a one-time step-up in the quarterly rate there that flow through the books that’s let’s say about $60 million, close to a penny a share impact from that, that should be the same going forward now. So that's the biggest driver you're seeing on the cost of service.
Matthew Ellis: The vast majority of the wireless network costs are allocated to consumers, some of that is in business, but the majority is in consumer. Obviously, the majority of the customers, the majority of the wireless service revenue is in consumer. And so the costs are going to be allocated largely in line on a similar basis to that. So yes, most of it is in consumer.
Matthew Ellis: Absolutely, that's fully baked into the guidance and step-up in that cost. So, that comes back to the underlying strength of the business that we have even with that, that baked in as well.
Matthew Ellis: Mike, in terms of your question around the mmWave coverage, we don't really talk about the mmWave coverage. In terms of pops, you heard Hans mentioned upfront that we're on track to seeing 5% to 10% of dense urban usage on our mmWave by the end of the year. That's a combination of more customers having 5G devices in their hands, customer activity moving back to more pre-pandemic levels, and then, obviously, building out more mmWave sites. We said we would do 14,000 sites this year, over 30,000 by the end of the year. I can tell you, we are running well ahead of schedule for the 14,000 sites through the first-half of the year. And so as we do that, we continue to add coverage. And then we said we'd expect to cover 1 million to 2 million homes with mmWave open for sale by the end of the year. And we're on track with all of those items.
Matthew Ellis: The build continues – obviously, we're not going to give guidance for 2022, but everything the network team is doing whether on mmWave, whether on C-Band. And remember, we said we'd be at around 100 million pops during the first quarter next year. We expect still on track to be at that level. So at this point in time, I can't speak more highly about the work the network team is doing as they build, whether it's the fiber that obviously is important to the network, the mmWave expansion, the C-Band expansion and continuing to have the best 4G network out there as well. So, they're doing a tremendous man activity, and they continue to be on both our 2021 plans and our longer-term plans, too.
Matthew Ellis: Craig, to your second question, we saw some of our customer base certainly participate in that during the course of the second quarter. I wouldn't say it was a significant impact in our numbers, but we did certainly see our customers participating.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. Hey, Doug, on your first question about the handsets device payment period, we're very comfortable with the offers we have in the marketplace. It's 24-months for a lot of items. Some of the higher priced items, it's a little bit longer just to manage that. But, as you mentioned, the churn is very, very strong. Dot six, five, and consumer for phone shows what we're doing with customers is working very, very effectively. If we feel the need to adjust it, we will do so, but it will be based off of what we see customers need and not be focused on any impact on the accounting treatment associated with it. So, we will continue to be focused on finding the right offers for our customers. And, I think you see from the results in the second quarter, what we're doing is resonating with customers, both from an ad standpoint and also a churn standpoint too.
Matthew Ellis: So Peter, on the second part of your question about allocating costs of the spectrum. I've reframed that and actually view it from the standpoint of this is the first time that we've had wireless technology, where we can drive multiple revenue streams off of the same network build, whether that be the mobility, which has obviously been the foundation of 4G, 3G, and everything since the start of wireless. But then the ability to also have fixed wireless access, to also have the public mobile edge compute, all coming off of that same network build, that same network investment, we think gives us the opportunity to provide a very good return on the investment that we've made in both C-Band and mmWave.
Matthew Ellis: Kannan, on your other question around the churn, I would say it's a very small number of basis points of benefit coming from the reduction in what we call involuntary churn. And what you're also seeing in the total churn number is actually the benefits of the engagement with the customer, the experience the customer has on the network, the other experiences we bring to that relationship that Hans just touched on, being a bigger piece of the strength in the overall phone churn number that we reported, especially on the consumer side. And in terms of the impact of cost of sales, obviously, the content cost associated with the items that Hans mentioned, do flow through there. And you should expect to see that number continue to be a contributor of that line. But when we look at the overall profitability of bringing that together, the overall customer proposition, it's EBITDA additive to the business, and also brings a better experience to the customers. We see that as a win-win.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah, so just a couple other comments on the business margin there, Colby. So, Hans mentioned the higher volume as we mentioned it upfront that the wireless volumes that we saw the gross ads were not just higher than 2Q last year, also higher than 2Q, ‘19. So certainly seeing volumes come back, especially in enterprise and small, medium business, so that's having some impact there. And then obviously, the wireline pressure, I would expect second-half margins to be reasonably similar to what we saw in the first-half of the year. The business transformation work the team is doing, is having positive impacts with more to come as we go forward here. So, we feel good about the direction the teams headed there, in spite of these secular wireline pressures that we see. And then in terms of your question on promotions, as Hans said, it's a promotion. That means it has both a start date and an end date, and today is the end date. So we've run promotions since the beginning of the wireless industry. They've evolved over time, they will continue to do so. And the great position we're in is because of the strong operational results and financial results. It gives us the ability when the time's right in the marketplace to bring the right promotion out there. We felt this was the right promotion at this time with the economic reopening and wanting to get more customers with a 5G device in their hand, as we're about to launch C-Band within the next six months. So, we will continue to look at what is the right promotion for the right time. But, the underlying operational performance of the business showing up in sequential wireless service revenue increase yet again, gives us the position to have flexibility as we think about how we approach the market.
