Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Matt. In summary, our disciplined approach has led to significant progress on our key strategic plans and we need to keep the momentum and focus going. We're pleased with how 2023 has started. We continue to deliver the best customer experience on the most reliable network supported by the best people in the industry. In mobility, our segmented and surgical approach to the market is working and we are taking pricing actions where possible. In broadband, the combination of fixed wireless access and fiber is winning, as we continue to capture market share. We'll continue to grow our cash generation profile and maximum shareholder returns, aided by our cost efficiency program and lowered capital expenditures. I remain confident in our strategy and our strong focus on execution. We are always identifying new ways to evolve our business and execute on opportunities. In everything we do, we focus on driving profitable growth. We measure our success in maximizing value across stakeholders for our ability to grow service revenue, EBITDA and cash flow. Brady over for the questions.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brett. First of all, we're really pleased with the performance on the fixed wireless access. The team is doing a great work. And remember, it's not only the consumer side, it's the business side as well. On the business side, many new use cases are coming up on using fixed wireless access. So, the team are scaling and we're on scale right now. So, like the rhythm, I see on our sales motions right now and if you see in the first quarter, almost 400000. When it comes to the network, you know that later -- the latter part of this year in December actually -- or we will get our next chunk of C-band. Right now, we're covering some 70 markets out of over 400. It's 330 markets left, we will get the C-band. And we clearly pointed out in the opening here that, we opened a C-band. We're not only seeing fixed-wireless access opportunity. We also see step-ups and a greater upgrade cycle for our customers because they see the improvements on the C-band. So we're very encouraged by the C-band coming out. But as I said, we're waiting for the clearance by the year-end to get even more. But as we roll out, right now, we open up markets. And remember, we talked about that we are in the network team, we're now decentralizing, so we can attack locally, because we are sort of opening markets locally. The same goes what Sampath is working on right now is also taking his operations more locally, so we can both the marketing and execution locally. And you might have seen it that we do more local things, because as we open up more on fixed wireless access, we do that locally. And so far our success rate is high. We're just going to go do this in the right way to take the learnings with us doing better all the time. We also have started with differentiation on different type of peers when it comes to our fixed wireless offerings. There's a lot more to be done there. But as I said, I'm very pleased with the rhythm and the market share we're taking and remember, the C-band so far is deployed mainly in urban and suburban areas, where the majority of the spectrum coming is actually in more of the suburban and rural. And we also get of course more urban spectrum as we're only deploying 60, maybe 80-some megahertz, 100 where we are in average 160. So, I have to say, this is one of the biggest 5G used cases we have right now and we really see good traction. So that's how we're going forward. 
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Simon. On the capacity, the guys is great. First of all were used on an initial trends of spectrum that we're using as I said, we were fixed wireless access on the ultra-wideband. We have so much more capacity coming. On top of that, all the new features you have with advanced 5G carrier action we have new devices coming out that can handle different spectrum. So there are so many more things, I feel really confident that, we will manage this capacity without any problems to the levels we have talked about and way beyond that. Then of course, as I talked with many of you guys, if it comes a moment that we have a community that have a lot of fixed will have over time other opportunities of sales splitting, et cetera. We are not even close to that today. So, I feel really good about, how the guys are managing the network and the opportunities we're building on our C-band here. As I said on the 4G fixed price actions, they were more opportunistic and selling when we see that we have capacity, but not sort of where we see that we have that full. We're not selling any more. But this expansion is right now on 5G Ultra Wideband. When it comes to the new team the big changes I've seen first of all, the first big change is that these guys are operational day one. I mean, both Kyle and Sampath straight into. If you look at Sampath, he's very much focused both on the customer dimension and seeing that we were improving the momentum we have right now on gross ads and churn and see that we actually improving through the year. But it also works with our offerings and our operations see that we're even stronger locally. Kyle on the other hand continuing the work of Sampath great momentum on Business Wireless as we continue this quarter private networks is really taking off. And then on top of that working with a wireline decline to see that we're taking out cost at the same time managing our contract and I don't think there's no one better than Kyle. He knows the network that more than anybody else. So I think that's the main focus and they've been really fast. And then of course the transitions between Tony and Matt is going extremely simple because these guys have worked together for 10 years. Tony is already into all the operations working very closely with the new leaders all the way from Joe that's running networking Kyle and Sampath. So I feel good. I feel really good and confident about it and it's very clear that the priorities there. So maybe, Tony you can say something about your priorities. 
Hans Vestberg: Okay. That was a lot of questions in one. I will start on the high level here on the – as we said earlier, the payment patterns are basically same as pre – we have a high-quality customer base. We see this is very healthy at the moment all the way. I will ask Matt to expand on that because looking backwards. And then when it comes to the question on prepaid or value segment yes, as we said in an opening here, I mean the negative number is I would say 100% coming from SafeLink, which is a government-subsidized brand. But there are other puts and takes there as well. I think that the visible brand is doing well. We're just ramping up total wireless which is an important piece of it not having all the things coming through there. So – and then of course we have the network migration still happening. So it's combination of a lot of things on the different brands. Our confidence is that we will improve that at the latter part of the year when some of these things are moving out. So that's a general comment maybe on the churn piece Matt, if you say something.
Hans Vestberg: I will start here. First of all, what we see right now is we have a clear value proposition when we roll out the C-band. We have great, great uptake step-ups from our customers when they see the C-band. And you know better than anybody else how much of that spectrum we have right now, which is a very little bit. And with all that we get this momentum that's why I feel so good about it. And then as Matt said our churn a little bit elevated, but it's also improving in the quarter. So, we're working on that. And having a gross the gross add momentum at the same time. That tells you something about where we're going right now heading. And then we have Sampath in the role that really know operational execution. So, I think we have all that and we have the best network clearly and it's just going to get better. I mean with every measurement we do right now, we are clearly come out as number one. And the only thing I know for sure, we're going to extend that leadership with the C-band continue to roll out. So, our proposition is very clear continue to have the best network have a good proposition for our customer because you need to continue to do new offerings to the consumer group because their behaviors are changing as well. That's why we came with it +play. We're listening to customers to make it easier and all of that. And you haven't seen the loss from us. So, I think that we're building on all the strength we have and those strengths are even getting stronger. 
Hans Vestberg: So, on the network you're absolutely right. We have on the C-band where you started to roll it out in the majority of the 60, 70 markets we're rolling out right now, we're using 60 megahertz. And you know we have an average 160 megahertz and in many places even up to 200 megahertz. So, it's an enormous difference when it comes from 60 to 160 megahertz, how much more capacity there is and on top of that of course we are adding new type of software features like carrier gauge [ph], the chip is getting better in devices both the handset and the fixed wire access devices. So, that's going to enhance the capacity for us. And as I said we were very focused to see that we materialize our business cases for the C-band all the way from consumer and business wireless to fixed wire access and mobile edge compute and private networks. So, we focus on the revenue generation of it and we'll continue to do so. But clearly it's going to be a step-up when we get the next tranche. And we're going to open more homes for households penetrated with fixed-line access and we're going to have much more markets covered by the C-band. So, we're just going to continue that journey as fast as we can.
Hans Vestberg: I would say as we said from the beginning which many people doubted, we can use our existing 4G grid for the C-band. There is -- we don't need any new. However, we always build some new sites. We find new areas where there have been capacity constrained. We'll continue to do that as well. But mainly our C-band is using the 4G grid in order to see that the coverage is coming out there. And this year we're going to build a little bit more sizeable [ph] than we've normally done and the -- and our 4G spectrum, AWS and et cetera is covering 300 million pops a day. And that's where we be large band right now.
Hans Vestberg: I think it's crystal clear. Our metrics that we're measured on is the service revenue and the EBITDA and cash flow expansion. You still need to have customers for that and you need to grow that. But ultimately that's what we measure ourselves on to see that we can grow that. And that's what you have seen from us right now. And you see the cash flow in the quarter. We are very focused on that. We think that's very important for all the stakeholders. And so then, of course, units are important but it's even more important to see that we have the right growth metrics when it comes to the company's finance. But maybe Tony wants to add something here.
Hans Vestberg: That's clear. I mean and that's why our organization both on the consumer side and the business side and our network side it's more regional right now, because we're following the deployment of the network and doing marketing and outreach to our customers on fixed virus access that really want to have it when we open up. So clearly you're right there is also opportunity in the urban places where we get more capacity or more coverage and as it goes for the suburban and the rural.
Hans Vestberg: In general, I think the churn characteristics all the new customers coming in is even better than before for many reasons as you said yourself. And then the type of customers I think Matt talked a little bit on the type of gross adds we're getting is new customers to Verizon, where they come in. And of course, we have opportunities to upgrade them, step up them and also having opportunities for our converged offerings. So really good quality of the customers coming in as Matt said, as well. So we feel really good about the growth momentum we have and the customers we are getting.
Matt Ellis: Thanks Hans. Good morning John. So on the churn side; certainly we saw improvement as the quarter went on. We had a lot of carryover from holiday level churn in January by the time we got to March we saw a much better momentum there. So that's the jump-off point as we go into second quarter. The pricing changes that you mentioned in your question really didn't go into effect until we came to the moving from Q1 to Q2, so that will be incremental to the results of the business here as we get into the rest of the year. So -- but as Hans said really a case of rebuilding from the momentum last year that was a year ago was not where we wanted it to be. At the midpoint of the year, we talked about taking actions and you see the results of those actions showing up in the results. And so the team is focused on continuing to build from there.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So, thanks, Phil. So looking at the churn and the bad debt and to your question was more around the bad debt side. So certainly up a little bit year-over-year but more importantly flat sequentially. And what you're really seeing is first quarter last year we still had some impacts in there of some of the COVID-related activities. That's now fully out. And I'd say we're back to [indiscernible] run rate. In terms of the – with the lower upgrades in there, also the plus 11% phone growth adds, Hans mentioned in his prepared remarks a lot of those growth adds were new to Verizon. And those new to Verizon customers typically come in at a different bad debt accrual rate than upgrades which is existing customers that we know well and so that's the trade-off there. The other thing I look at on the bad debt side. One, you see from our most recent ABS filings at our FICO scores across our base continues to be very strong. We've talked for many years now about the quality of the Verizon postpaid base and you see that there. And then secondly, the payment patterns we actually had from customers this quarter actually just slightly better sequentially in terms of the aging. So we're seeing good behavior, good payment activity from our customer base, which is why you see the flat bad debt on a sequential basis now that we're fully through the COVID period.
Matt Ellis: A little bit but nothing material, but that's obviously, certainly something the team is very focused on going forward having that opportunity in the got that's still ahead of them to be a much more meaningful contributor going forward.
Matt Ellis: But overall, I mean it's not the largest part of that customer group you should be a fair assumption from.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. Thanks, Hans, and good morning, Simon. I'm excited to have the opportunity to succeed Matt as the CFO. In terms of my priorities, I have three of them. First supporting our new leaders Sampath, Kyle and Joe in executing their strategies. And that includes narrowing our focus with a very strong emphasis on operational performance; second, ensuring that we deliver the 2023 financial guidance that we laid out in January; and third, ensuring that we continue to execute on our capital allocation strategy the four capital allocation priorities that we shared with you last year those remain unchanged. So those are my three priorities right out of the gate. And as Hans mentioned, the transition has gone exceptionally well. 
Tony Skiadas: Thanks Hans. David, good morning. So, on the cost side as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're making progress with Verizon Global Services and all the cost transformation efforts. As we mentioned previously, we're on track with our cost efficiency program to take $2 billion to $3 billion of cost out by 2025. Within that, we'll see some of those benefits manifest themselves in the second half of this year in 2023 with significant savings in 2024 and really focused on areas like sourcing transformation IT conversions and transformations as well as supply chain and other AI models. 
Tony Skiadas: To just add on to what Hans mentioned. I mean, we have to be disciplined and segmented in how we approach the market. Our focus is on volumes that drive profitable revenue growth. So the team is laser focused on that.
