Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Brady, and thanks, everybody, for joining this second quarter earnings call. We had a strong second quarter. It was fueled by a very good wireless service revenue growth as well as a strong EPS -- adjusted EPS growth as well. So I think the team had a good quarter with a lot of focus on the execution. At the same time our operation metrics was good with net additions on the wireless side, as well as a very low churn. That in combination with a very solid capital allocation, as well as efficiency coming out from our capital allocation process, all-in-all all stranded up to a very good cash flow. So if I sum it up very quickly, a very good quarter from us financially. Together with our work in the network which is so important to us when we're building our network as a service, we also won all the top third-party measurements. We won from J.D. Power, the 23rd consecutive time, when account the RootMetrics, the 12th straight win there as well. So we are really getting the right feedback from the market and the measurements that is really valuable in this market. At the same time, we won some more spectrum in the millimeter-wave auction, which is now adding up to our portfolio which means that we have a portfolio for the 5G-era where we can build capacity and we can build coverage, which we said all the time, we want to be in the real 5G with all the 8 currencies that I've talked about before. We also have launched quite a lot of CTLs lately adding up, so we are on-track for the 30 markets that we have said we will do this year. At the same time we continue to add new devices to the portfolio, the latest one was the Inseego, MiFi and 5G device that we launched recently and we're now four different devices on 5G. We're also very focused on the fiber because ultimately if you're going to the 5G, you need fiber. Our fiber deployment is now in more than 60 cities and we had 1,400 route miles a month in average in this quarter which means that we increase on the first quarter continued this so important build for our overall Intelligent Edge Network and for the 5G deployment we're doing. When it comes to Verizon 2.0 won a transformation one of the proof points of course today that we now are reporting Verizon Consumer Group and Verizon Business Group as segments in the earnings release that we're doing today. I can also say that, we get a lot of good traction with our customers especially with enterprise customers with the new support and the new go-to-market we have, where we can show the full portfolio of Verizon and seeing that we have the right support also for the people in the line, meeting our customers everyday. At the same time we continued Network as a service concept, where we are now announced our collaboration with YouTube TV where we're going to offer up both our Fios customers, but also the wireless customers. Again working on the motto where we outlined earlier this year, how we can partner with some of these content players instead of investing ourselves in it and seeing that we can bring your seamless service for our customer, but also making it very efficient for ourselves and for our customers. We also have continued and finalized the Voluntary Separation Program in the quarter and we have done quite a lot of that and that in total now puts us up to have a competitive cost base and actually down quite a lot of these changes recently. So I would say that we are doing this transformation from a positional strength, and I'm really proud of the team that have done all of these changes and transformation in the last 12 months and delivering these results at the same time. And it really sets us up for continue to be very competitive in this market and definitely continue to be the leader in this market. So, I'm proud of the team and what we're producing this quarter. By that, I hand it over to Matt to go over the financials more in detail.
Hans Vestberg: We have been starting, but of course today on the total cost we have, it's not significant yet. But this is all part of the Intelligent Edge Network, the multipurpose network we're building and that's what you're seeing in our CapEx, the last two years the efficiencies. And as you remember Kyle talked about the Intelligence Edge network build is going a couple of year more. So we, of course, believe that we have more efficient as it come out and one of them is definitely the fiber, which we're now building that definitely should get a their own economics long-term and also remember that -- also that this is a growth opportunity for us as well in certain areas.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks. Great questions. So on the 5G, you have seen our progress in the quarter. We have basically now launched nine markets on the way to get to the 30 that we have talked about for the full year. You can also see on the 5G Mobility, how the improvements has gone extremely fast. I mean, take a couple of the cities where we basically have doubled the footprint in this since we launched the markets and that's this pace we're onto. At the same time we are going from roughly having 600 megabits in speed on the handset now we're doing easily 1.3, 1.5 and averaging up to 2 gig. What I want to tell you is that the development we're doing on technology is actually extremely fast compared to what I saw in 4G. And remember I was part of 4G as well. I mean we are here to quarter into all these nine markets we have launched, we have launched with all the three infrastructure vendors we have which means that, we are coming out from sort of your scaling in the beginning, getting all the technology to work and now again starts our scaling. At the same time we are now three handsets and we have the Inseego MiFi that we launched which is sort of a business proposition as well for 5G. So I think that, that's what you see. We see a great improvement. But still it's a lot of the intelligent antenna sort of technology that we're developing. The team is out in the field every day. So I'm confident that we will continue to do well here. And remember now in 5G out of wideband that we're doing right now. We're doing that in the most dense populated areas where really 5G is coming to its right, you know, with a fantastic sort of the performance there. So that's it. When we then talk about the 5G Home, you're absolutely right. I said that later this year we're going to launch 5G or 5G Home with and/or chipset. So that will come back, so there's no changes to those plans. Ultimately your question about DSS, which is dynamic spectrum sharing, which is an important piece for anyone that wants to do coverage on 5G. That is still coming in the first half of next year. But in our case what I said before, the most important is to get our customer the best experience. We have the best experience on 4G right now. We are just giving an extraordinary experience on the Ultra Wideband. We're going to be in the position to give optionality when we turn that off/on and we're going to turn it on with coverage and capacity when we see it's a benefit for our customers. But I would say the activity level in the engineering team, the team working on the ground in every city, doing the fiber is extremely high in Verizon right now. So I think our focus is absolutely in the right place to see that our network is the number one. I remember also what I said previously, the 4G network now continue to win all the third-party awards. I mean, RootMetrics, J.D. Power in this quarter, so we're not neglecting that part neither. So you need to think about that when you have a customer in front of you.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. On the 5G Home, I think -- remember we have the limited sort of 5G Home in four markets right now and we capped both the development on our software as well on how many cities. That's how we did a proprietary solution. The only thing I can say, our win share is really good in those markets. It seems to be good appetite for 5G Home. We have a good performance of it. And then we're going for the second half of this year or this part of the year, we're going to come back with NR sort of 5G Home CP equipment. And I think that what we're going to do, we need a certain size of market that -- so it makes sense for us. So I think as we said before, I mean this is the 2021 when we're going to have a significant impact on our revenue. So 2020 is going to be an important year for us and of course coming out now in the latter part of this year and starting at the markets all the time will be very important. On the spectrum side, I mean, I think that we always have the headwind that people don't think we have enough spectrum and all of that. I mean what this organization and this engineering team is doing with the spectrum is, I would say is magnificent. Now remember sometimes when we talk about spectrum its so much more it is softer how you plan, how you build the network, how you get utilization out of it? And I think that -- that the team has done very good all the time. As I said previously, we have a very compelling position when it comes to millimeter wave for ultra wideband, but we also have spectrum where we can deploy 5G in the other bands ultimately 5G is going to be on all bands. And I have a high confidence that my team is going to be doing that well continue to have the leadership in the market when it comes to network performance. There might also come up opportunities all the time where it could be added spectrum. But right now to launch both capacity and coverage, we feel confident on the assets we have.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you for the question. I would say this is not an easy work. This is really what Verizon is great at. I mean, we have people all the way from working with the municipalities, working with engineering, planning, working with third parties. And remember in the couple of years since we decided to invest together with warning in the fiber factory, we have come to actually around 1,400 route miles a month. So yes you're right, we are scaling right now and the team is really, really responding to the demands we have on them. We're always going to have even higher internal demands on them, but as you can see we definitely have a good role right now, but that doesn't mean that it's easy to do it. But I think we have put the machine in place with a team that I have lot of confidence into it.
Hans Vestberg: Not so much. I think we start to getting on the volumes we are and that's really important on the stand, because there has been questions on market, the CapEx will go up and all of that. Remember we are almost on the higher volume where we believe we need to be in order to serve this market, because there are of course technicalities of doing it. So I think we have a machine right now that is actually executing very well on the high volume. There might be some increases but maybe not so much more. I think now it's more about the broad deployment in all of these markets where we are right now deploying fiber.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. Thank you. On the MVNO side, no, there are no major differences but the important is that, we believe its good model. Remember we outlined our network-to-service strategy where we -- sometimes we're doing the connectivity and then we have others being on top of this in MVNO, sometimes we do the connectivity to platforms and in some cases we do the whole strategy. So I think that that continues to be important for us and we're happy with our partnership with the cable MVNO which is part of how we are actually doing a month usage of our assets, getting maximum utilization of the investments we're doing. So for us this is playing straight into the long-term goals as we have as a company. On the wireline optimization, we -- I would say that the biggest assets we have here is of course all the infrastructure we have, but also the customer relations we have and we are working. Of course we are looking into all the areas we need to fortify or all the areas we should drop which was the market is not demanding. And I think that's a very normal way of reviewing the strategy all the time. And Tammy and the team is now in place for this quarter, they are confident talking to the customer what we need to do and where we need to fortify in some areas where the products maybe around heating. But is no major, it is just the daily grinding that you do in order to optimize, how you work with your customers and how you optimize your capital and efficiency. And I can also add of course that, in this quarter we announced and that we're going to work with YouTube TV when it comes to the sort of the linear TV both for the Fios optionality as well as for the wireless customers. So again, working with the model that we outlined in February and just continue with that.
Hans Vestberg: No, that's a great question. I think first of all DSS which is Dynamic Spectrum Sharing is the same for all and that's a standard solution coming out in the market software. So I think that we're not disadvantage -- anyone if you want to deploy your coverage and I think that's how we are on. At the same time you also want to see that there's enough handsets things out in the market when you start turning on 5G, so you get because we want to do a transformative feeling of over 5Gs. We don't want to rebrand them and say it's 5G and you don't feel a difference. We already have the best 4G network and for us the customer is the most important. So you're right. I mean I see that we will have a coverage map whenever it's going to be needed for our customers and is going to be enough handsets in the market and not disadvantage for anything. So I think that historically we have had those feedbacks that we are not in the right position with spectrum etcetera. I come from the outside. I worked and saying what Verizon has done with spectrum and with new software’s and with the optimizing, how you build the networks and I'm confident that we have a good path here. I'm not feeling that we're disadvantaged. I feel that we're executing right now, we're launching markets where others are doing other things. 
Hans Vestberg: Let's see how that turns out. Because again there’s a lot of promises. I think that Verizon has had and I actually inherited a fantastic DNA in this company that we first do the things and then we start marketing it. And I think that's what we will continue to do. Other might have other strategy, so I'm not going into that contest about who is talking most right now. I'm working with a technology, myself weekly to see that we are doing this right for our customers and that's a consumer, it's an enterprise customer, it's a governmental customers, it’s an IoT customers. We think it through and that’s why we build the Intelligent Edge Network already and started two years ago. And I think that the significance of understanding, how important that is for the success of Verizon, I think has not really been understood yet. And we will just continue to execute on that. But there's going to be a lot of message in the market and you know it as well. Just be confident that our company, Verizon will continue to execute on the real 5G with eight currencies and seeing that we can actually give the right performance to all our customers in the right moment. 
Hans Vestberg: Yes. So you need to speak a little bit when we talk about the consumer and business. But let me just say, I mean if I look in the second quarter it was a little bit more competitive than the first quarter when it comes to competition in the market and that tells a lot about our performance that we gained all those net additions at the same time we had the low churn. And so I think that on the business side, as I said before, we are -- we're doing well on the business side and again I think that the wireless part of the business side is important than the network performance ease of critical essence, the coverage and the performance. But, of course, there's competition for those deals as well. I think we're doing well in that area and we will continue to do well. We have new offerings coming out and we'll continue to build the network even more robust and getting more quality on it. So again I think the team is there, Matt and I are working with transformation of the company to enable after continue to compete and do well in the market and even both Tami, I would say and Ronan are the sort of tools to work in the market. And that's what we're doing. And I think we're done it well in this quarter and preparing for the rest of the year.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brady. I think we've covered quite a lot of ground in this call, because basically question has range for all our business. But here's just a couple of things. First of all, I'm really proud of the team, what they’ve achieved. And remember we have change the structure, we have changed how we build a network, we have done large voluntary program. We're reporting in a new structure, we're putting new structure and team is executing well. I think that's the way we want to work here, continue to lead the market and continue transform to be a strong company with a strategy we set out in February. So that then comes back to execution on fundamentals. That's what we're doing and will continue to do so to be disciplined on our capital, also continue to lead to market. And then of course I think a lot of questions are circulating around the 5G what we laid out in the February, Capital Markets Day is still valid and that's what we're aiming for and we are executing on and I think that the team is doing a great job there. So I think that to sum it up. I'm proud of the quarter and the changes that we're doing at the same time delivering this quarter so -- and financial earnings. So thank you very much for attending this call. And I guess I'll see you out there soon.
Matt Ellis: Yeah. So good morning Phil. So on the service revenue, certainly pleased with the results we've seen in the first half of the year, 3.1% in second quarter, driven by over 6% in the business segment. So great momentum in the wireless products and services across both segments as we head into the second half of the year. We like the momentum we have as we jump off into second half and we'll wait and see how the back half of the year plays out in terms of the total service revenue growth. We certainly see a continued path to continue on the service revenue growth we've had for over a year or so now.
Matt Ellis: Yes Hans. So thanks for those points. And just building may be on the back end of that. So as you said Brett, we are -- we're as close as we’ve been to that range in the past 5-plus years. And – so, we're making good progress to get there and that comes from having strong results that drive good cash flow and you see the progress we've been able to make. But just a couple of add-on points to what Hans said. It's a range that we say we want to be instead of long term. That means, we don't want to go past the 1.75 end of that range either. And so get into the range and then be in the range. And then we also don't expect to build up cash on the balance sheet beyond our normal operating level. So as we get into the range we look at the opportunities priority number one, which is to invest in the business and the rest of the items that Hans talk about. We'll then decide the most appropriate use of cash that we may have to drive long-term value for our shareholders.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So David, on the ETR, so as I look at that, remind you that on a year-over-year basis the adjusted ETR is actually is up as I mentioned in the prepared remarks and largely that's because of the onetime impacts a year ago from the adoption of the tax reform. So we do see that continuing to be higher year-over-year. But despite that the EPS in the quarter was up $0.03 even with some headwind from the ETR on a year-over-year basis and also approximately $0.04 of headwind from the accounting standard. So kind of similar to the first quarter, so good EPS performance year-over-year in both first quarter and second quarter, strong momentum there for us. We jumped off into the second half of the year and so I feel good about where we are so far this year and we'll see how the back end plays out, but certainly a very strong platform to be building from. 
Matt Ellis: Yeah. So, Colby, on the voluntary separation, yeah, obviously, the income statement charges we took in the fourth quarter of last year from a cash flow standpoint, we took but the largest piece was in the first quarter and then some in 2Q and 3Q. Certainly I think that there's good savings in the first half of the year. We mentioned like $418 million of positive impact in the first half of the year and we'll have another step-up in 3Q as the final tranche of employees came off payroll at the end of June. So for the full year, I expect that to be north of $1 billion of impact and that benefit on a year-over-year basis will carry over into the first half of next year until we get to a full run rate by June of next year. So certainly being a positive thing is part of our overall focus on improvement the cost efficiency of the business and we will continue to focus on that. We're well on-track to more than meet the $10 billion commitment we made and the VSP was a big component of that.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Thanks Hans. So Mike as you think about wireless as a whole in your office trajectory, it's coming from the overall growth of the business. Just a few things to point out that's really driving both ARPA and obviously the total service revenue being the B2B space which have very strong results in the quarter, while the consumer space which also performed well. Net account growth positive in second quarter of this year, that's up year-over-year so a good growth there. We continue to lead the industry in phone gross adds yet again a number of quarters in a row that we've done that. And in addition to leading the industry in gross adds, growing year-over-year and not – that’s something that not all industry participants can say that they did. So leading the industry in gross adds also leading the industry in phone churn, yet again. The net result there is phone net adds of 245,000 a nice increase over the 199,000 last year. So as I think about the business in the first half of the year, we had nice strong performance that went from the operational side on to the financials as well, puts us in a good great place as we jump off into the second half of the year to continue that momentum, and feel good about where we are at this point in time.
Matt Ellis: Just one follow-up on the video question there. Look we're very confident with – the most important thing to customers and wireless is the quality of the network experience. And so for the past couple of years now, we're seeing competitors bundled video offerings in with wireless and we continue to lead the industry in phone gross adds and we continue to lead the industry in churn. So I think that demonstrates the most important thing to customer is the quality of that connection, the reliability of that connection and that when you have the best network, you don't need to bundle other things in there in the same way and we'll continue to be focused on providing the best quality network out there.
