Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Tony. I'm proud of the progress our team has made and our operating results over the last three quarters should also give you confidence in us. We're delivering on our financial targets ahead of schedule on several key metrics and are restoring our leverage ratios to where we want them to be. We have a great network and our free cash flow generation is industry leading and we have more than 10 million broadband subscribers and that number is growing at near record rates.  As we enter the final quarter of 2023, our goals are clear; deliver strong growth in wireless service revenue; EBITDA and free cash flow. Our segmented and disciplined approach to consumer mobility is working and we expect our momentum to continue building in the fourth quarter. Enabling all of this is America's best and most reliable 5G networks. Or C-band spectrum has already benefited mobility and broadband.  Deploying the remaining C-band will make this network even stronger and more resilient and I'm excited about the opportunities that lies ahead.  Let me close with this. Our performance has put us firmly on track to meet our full year financial targets and position us well as we approach 2024. We're excited to head into 2024 with all of our assets in place and a great team to execute our strategy.  With that, I hand the call back to Brady for questions. 
Hans Vestberg: I will start and I hand it over to Tony. I mean, first on the cash flow, I think you have seen us now the last couple of years are focusing very much on our service revenue expansion, EBITDA and cash flow expansion and all our incentives for the management deceptive from the Board, both short and long term. So this is a key thing for us to see that we are continuing to generate a lot of cash flow. Tony will take – talk to the puts and takes.  Regarding fiber adds, and first of all I love our strategy. I mean our strategy was clear from 2017. In the Fios footprint of course we build a lot of fiber doing extremely well. You saw this quarter again a record quarter of Fios subscribers. Outside we build one fiber over a couple of years. We're basically in all the major markets. We have one fiber to our own network.  Right now, our strategy is clear that we want to take the broadband subscribers with fixed lines access because we get them right now. It's a superior product and we don't see a need right now for adding any fiber to that footprint. Over time, of course, we will always look into it and anyone that would dispose any telecommunication assets, any market will talk to us, but the total is high. I mean, we have a great network and we have built a really good strategy around our technology. 
Hans Vestberg: Simon, I can start with fixed wireless access. As you can see, we continue on that rhythm with the 354, 000 every quarter. The additional C-band we got, used a couple of weeks ago we initially go straight to augmenting our urban areas. We’ve already had the sites and then in the early part of next year, we will also start deploying that in suburban and rural areas.  And of course, that's an even greater opportunity for us because there are more underserved markets and our fixed wireless actually come extremely quickly into those markets. So that's will just fortify our situation and how we want to roll this out. We have a target of $4 million to $5 million subscribers by 2025. We keep that of course, we have dimension on network for way more and the team, of course, have a have the internal targets that were set by me. But right now, there's nothing else that we want to deliver this target as well to the market. We always want to deliver what we tell the market and we're going to do that. And then we have a conversation about that when we've passed it. 
Hans Vestberg: Thanks, John. on the upgrade, as we're seeing now for a couple of quarters, when we started our segmented approach on the consumer side, where we actually tried to meet our customers in different segments with the right offerings. That of course, have driven a lower upgrade rate. But as we are not doing a peanut butter spread sort of that everybody gets everything.  So we're really trying to see that we have the right offer for our customer and what is giving me confidence is that our gross adds just continued to grow for us. So we have the right offering in the market together with myPlan. Of course, fourth quarter is always a little bit higher on upgrades because that's normally a seasonality.  But in general, I see that our model is working and this is both helping our customers with the right offerings. But not only that is helping us with the bottom-line and the cash flow generation that we're very focused here at Verizon. And then on the C-band, we see the same things as we have discussed before. We see lower churn where we deploy C-band.  We see better step ups in those regions. And then on top of it, we increased fixed wireless access. So there's no difference on that. So I think we – same, same and that's why we're so excited by C-band continue to roll out and I have gotten hold of old C-band here, just a couple of weeks ago. 
Hans Vestberg: So, let me start on the high level. I mean, first of all, we need to think about our total offering on wireless and we haven't spoken so far much about the business side, but the business side again for the ninth quarter in a row had more than 125,000 phone net adds, actually 150 plus. So they are doing good in a market where our customers on that side, is really looking on the performance of the network and the high quality distribution we have. So I'm very pleased with that and I have - I would like to say it.  On the consumer side, I think we have found a model with myPlan and how we go to market. All the changes that consumer group and Samper have done since earlier, this year with the plans to decentralization, sales incentives, is helping us to be in the right proposition. Then we always look to order new value add that we can give to our customers to broaden the scope for us and for our customers like we did with the third tier on the network side on myPlan or that we took away the discount on the convergence within mobility and fixed wireless access in these quarters.  We will continue to look at it, but it's nothing that is the most important right now because I think we having offering that is really compelling to our customers. 
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Mike. On the cost target, we are definitely on track for delivering on the $2 million to $3 million that we talked about when we launched a new structure. The new structure started this year. The first of January. We see a lot of tractions on it and probably, as you follow us closely, you have seen that we've worked on the managed services side together with HL.  We have done a big transaction on the customer care side. We are doing a lot of transaction on the IT side. We're bringing more AI into the network and to the customer care. It's a lot of things ongoing. So I have a high confidence that we are finding along the road there all the savings we need and the traction is very high in the company on the efficiency given that we have one organization right now, Russian Global Services supporting all others to see that we find the best measurements across the company.  And I can go back to prepaid and maybe Tony has some more comments on the cost side. 
Hans Vestberg: On the value segment, in prepaid and TracFone, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are at the low point to first half of ‘23 and from here on, we should start sequentially improving. Secondly, this is really important for our strategy. We want to build the network once and have as many connections as possible and address the entire market on wireless.  And, of course, being strong and being the number one in the value segment is important. Then from a market point of view, we all know that there has been some sort of blend between the low end on postpaid and prepaid, which means that the volumes in preparation is little bit lower and we have not been part of that transformation or taking customer for prepaid.  So what we're doing right now in our own operation, which is a lot, but one, we're building up Total by Verizon, which is a great speed we have on opening new doors. That's going to help us to move up to postpaid for the customers that want to do that. But also have an high end value proposition.  Secondly, we work with the national retailers that we have to see that we are fortifying our offerings in our store. And finally, you're seeing that feasible continuous with the pace it has. And that we're working with a lot of other things. So it's a lot of ongoing here that gives us confidence that we will sequentially continue to improve. And but clearly, this is very important for our overall strategy. 
Hans Vestberg: Hi, Bryan. And the first, yeah, our assumption has changed on fixed wireless access because our technology has improved more than we thought from the beginning. That means that we can take on even more capacity. And we're only on the first inning on the software improvements, and our optimization of the network. I think Joe and his team is doing a fantastic job with it.  Customers are using it on the consumer side, equally much as on the Fios. So that there's no different on usage. So I think we have a great path forward with technology and we are not seeing everything we can do still with the fixed wireless access when it comes to software development, radio improvements, et cetera. So I'm - I have no hesitation over the assumption with that made. They are actually having better assumptions today.  When it comes to millimeter wave, that is playing a vital role for us for many reasons. First of all, it takes in all high density areas. They take the majority of the capacity. And that's very important for several reasons. I unleashed a mid-band spectrum in order to have better performance on the street, but also in fixed wireless access.  So millimeter wave will continue to play a very vital role. As we have said several times, we built very few - very quickly in all major places. And now we're sort of augmenting where we see a lot of traffic. On top of that, of course, we see opportunities for using our millimeter wave also for MDUs over the time to see that we address that market with fixed wireless access.  So, all in all, we still have a lot of technology evolution to see that we can serve even more customers with even better performance and more capacity. So, I'm very happy and as you've seen on fixed wireless access, our MPS scores is all out to the shot. I mean the customers loves it. It is easy. It's quick to deploy itself to install. So I think we hit it clearly with this product and we want to push it with our team and see the customer gets the right products. 
Hans Vestberg: I can start with the fixed wireless access and Tony will. Yeah, great question. Sometimes we are focused on fixed wireless access being sort of a consumer solution for broadband. Today, we sell a lot of fixed wireless access for - in the business segment as well both for large enterprises and for small and medium customers which has a different usage pattern, which is great.  And also we see and Kyle has discussed that several times. He see also, this is a way of optimizing our access cost by having fixed access as a barrier or transport in many cases. So, clearly again, this is how we build our network from the beginning to be able from the datacenter to the edge of the network have a total harmonized network that can fastly move all the data and then at the edge of the network, we'll have different type of access technologies in order to serve our customers and fixed wireless access can serve many different use cases.  And we, we tend to talk a lot about the consumer fixed wireless access use case. But I have or Kyle have a lot of use cases in the business segment and if you look at the numbers this quarter, he's continuing to add the lot of fixed wireless access customers, as well. 
Hans Vestberg: I'm very happy with the choices. I think, as always, when you make a change and we did quite a big change. And I think six out of the eight seats in the leadership team changed in one swoop. I think we had good alignment from the first week. What we need to do, all the way from Kyle, Tony and Sam, Pat which was very important and Joe which is sort of the four operational units. And you can see the results right now. I mean the guys are executing extremely well.  So I'm happy with it. I want to push them even harder but these guys are really good. They take hard pressure and they deliver on it. So, I'm happy on the choices and the team is doing well. 
Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Kannan. I think on the fixed wireless access we have said a couple of times that we like they read them on 400,000 per quarter, because it's putting our sort of our operations in the right model or deploying this. And as we have also decentralized or regionalized our go to market, we can work with the markets where we actually open for sale fixed-wireless access, work with the local community, work with the local government and also address it through our stores.  We can focus our efforts in that region and see that we capture all the demand and the funnel we have there. So, we think it's a good model that we have right now and that's also there's some loss of physics how quickly we can roll out the C-band. But I can tell you there's no one holding back any investments here in order to get the C-band to our customers as soon as possible.  So, I think, we will continue to look at that and that. I mean, that type of levels going forward, as well. And that will help us with reaching any goalpost we have or whatever goalpost we have communicated to the market. 
Hans Vestberg: Okay. On the, KPIs, you are correct and we rollout the C-bandwidth we have better retention and better step-ups. And of course, we also expect that we can take share. I think in the consumer side and the business in both sides, we see opportunities as we come with the fixed files access to this market and with the C-band. So there is share gains. We are planning to do here and our teams are very focused on it going forward.  The second question was around fiber. In our ILEC, I guess and we're not holding back on that. I mean, first of all, you saw how great we're doing this quarter with Fios. We'll continue to invest in Fios and see we have our customers. Outside the Fios, our primary strategy is to build on a One Fiber and the fix wireless access to capture the market before anybody else is even the remotely there. That's what we do.  Then over time, as I said hundred times, I got to have optionality if I would have another access technology over time. But that's not in the chords right now. We have all the capacity and the technology out in the fields right now and the quicker we can come out, the quicker we can meet the demand that’s out there and meeting the customer that wants our broadband, which is a lot of them. 
Hans Vestberg: I can talk for ourselves. I think we are in a moment where we actually are monetizing by being very segmented both in our business side and in our consumer side. And that both having the right offers for our customers at the same time we are again raising bottom-line for ourselves. So, I think that’s where we are and we have done some price adjustments but that has also included new values for our customers. I think we now are coming to a moment where we are probably going to have a little bit more on quantities not only price given the track that we have in our business right now.  So we're going to balance that out doing the right for our customers, but also doing right for our shareholders. And then, we are of course adding that with our broadband growth which is also helping us. And then, as Tony said, we are taking out cost at the same time. So that's how we work. And that's why we can lift the free cash flow for this year. The guidance even though we're on the high end on our CapEx guidance, as well as higher or headwinds from the interest rate.  So that tells you a little bit how we feel about the business. How we now have the right propositions in a market and we can sort of retooling that if something happen. But right now, we feel confident about the model we have. 
Hans Vestberg: Yeah. So what we have said before was that we want to come to a ratio of 2.25 over the net debt to EBITDA and we are going to continue to work our way down and that is a primary goal for us. Number one in the capital allocation is to invest in our business. Number two is continue to put our board in a position so they can increase our dividend. We are on 17 years of consecutive increases and thirdly we're paying down our debts. When we come to that ratio, we will start having a conversation about buybacks.  But we want to do buybacks not that one-off or something. It has to be a consecutive program all the time. So, but we're not there yet. But the team is doing great job. Tony talked about the 2.6 billion they we reduced debt this quarter with the tenders were down. So we will continue to do that with the cash flow. That's where we are yielding right now. 
Hans Vestberg: Before we close, I want to take a moment to address the humanitarian crisis in Israel and Palestine. That has continued to escalate over the past few weeks. At Verizon we stand against terrorism in all its forms and condemn the violence that has claimed the lives of so many innocent civilians. The Verizon Foundation has committed a $2 million donation to organizations supporting relief efforts. And we continue to waive international long distance charges for calls and text from US to the region.  My hope is that we will move to a peaceful resolution as soon as possible. In the meantime, we need to come together as a society and lean into what connects us, not what divides us. 
Tony Skiadas: Hi Phil. Good morning. So on the cash generation, so we're very pleased thus far. I'll start with where we are in the third quarter. So we're pleased with the cash generation of the business. The performance of the business, and as you saw the continued discipline that we had with promos and retention gave us the confidence to raise the free cash flow guide by $1 billion to more than $18 billion. And that's with CapEx at the upper end of the range and also with higher interest expense.  So we feel very good about the balance of the year and are positioning heading into next year. Obviously, we're not going to guide on 2024 at this time, but I can share some qualitative aspects as we look ahead to free cash flow for 2024. On the plus side, we continue to focus the team on an improving EBITDA profile and that's a big focus of the team.  With respect to CapEx, we said a couple of times here in the past that we expect to run at $17 billion to $17.5 billion for 2024, which is back to a business as usual level of spend that you've seen from us. And then we also strive to make continued improvements in working capital. And then offsetting that, we expect higher interest costs from both in the rate environment and the reduction in capitalized interest due to the early clearing of the C-band spectrum.  And then with taxes, as you know, under current legislation, taxes are going to be pressured by the continued phase out of bonus depreciation and we'll see how that plays out. And, so heading into 2024, we continue to focus on strong free cash flow generation and opportunities for meaningful debt reduction. And we don't see any obstacles of Delevering.  Thanks. Okay guys. 
Tony Skiadas: And Simon, on the - on your question on pricing. So a few things here. We executed a number of pricing actions as you saw. The legacy mix and match that we did earlier in September will yield about a $100 million of incremental benefit in the in the fourth quarter and we also see improving volumes on mobility and year-over-year improvements there. And we also see a an increasing contribution for fixed wireless access. You saw the growth we had in the quarter with 384,000 net adds. We have 2.7, almost 2.7 million subs in our base. So we feel very good about the momentum there. So, very good progress on service revenue and setting us up well for next year. 
Tony Skiadas: And then, Brett, on the - on your service revenue question, just some qualitative thoughts for you. On the plus side, I would say, look the pricing actions we took this year, obviously have a tailwind in the fourth quarter and carry over into next year. So we continue to see momentum there. Also, as I mentioned earlier, we do expect an improving volume profile in the consumer business. So that's something that the team is very focused on.  Fixed wireless access continues to scale. So, as I mentioned earlier, another 384,000 net adds, even as Hans said, and taking away the discount as well. So the momentum is strong there. And continued increase premium mix with myPlan. So myPlan is seeing roughly 70% premium mix and we're very pleased with the progress there.  And we're also seeing some of the headwinds from the promo amortization starting to ease a little bit, that's starting to flatten out, which is good news. And also a function of all the discipline that we've had this year. And then offsetting that, as we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, prepaid continues to be a headwind the in the near term as we continue to work to improve the business and that's still ongoing.  So those are the puts and takes in terms of service revenue. 
Tony Skiadas: Sure. Thanks. And Mike, just a couple of other additional points that Hans mentioned. So, we're on track to deliver $2 billion to $3 billion as Hans said. $200 million to $300 million of that will come this year in 2023 in EBITDA and that was already contemplated in the guide. Hans mentioned a lot of the initiatives. The other item I would mention is we are being very disciplined in business wireline by deemphasizing low margin deals. So that's something that the team is very, very focused on, as well.  We're not going to give cost targets for ‘24 at this time, but we feel good that we have a good foundation that are driving EBITDA improvements and you saw it in the quarter with both sequential and year-over-year improvements in EBITDA that's going to set the foundation for improving EBITDA profile in 2024. 
Tony Skiadas: And then, Frank on the on the capitalized interest question, in the quarter, we saw about $0.03 of pressure from capitalized interest from the time we got the licenses. And then, for the fourth quarter, we estimate $0.03 to $0.04 of pressure from capitalized interest. So hope that helps. 
Tony Skiadas: Sure. So, Dave, a couple things. We're pleased again with the strong results from Kyle and the team. We saw a great phone net adds in the quarter, 151,000 and over 430,000 year-to-date. And we saw healthy demand across the board. That would be enterprise public sector and small medium biz. And that performance is in a very uncertain environment and as Hans said, these strong results validate that the businesses continue to trust the Verizon network even during uncertain economic times.  And, we do see certain pressures in certain sectors and we're certainly not immune to it. But we're not seeing anything significant and from a competitive standpoint, I would tell you that we're being very disciplined and we're not going to chase the bad deals that are that are better unprofitable.  The other thing I would mention is FWA volumes also continue at a strong pace and in business. And we had a hundred and 132,000 net adds in the third quarter and over 400,000 year-to-date. So we have great momentum heading into the fourth quarter here and as we set up for next year. 
Tony Skiadas: Okay. So a few things here. So as, you know, we can't discuss the particular economics of any commercial deal and that includes the commercial deals we have with the cable companies. What I can tell you is that, we are very happy with the MB&O agreements and those agreements are accretive. It's important business for us and as Hans said many times it’s consistent with our strategy to monetize the network. It's very profitable business for us.  It's growing and we're very comfortable with the arrangement. But that's as far as we'll go. 
