John N. Doherty: Thanks, Brad. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us this morning. I'm John Doherty. With me this morning is our Chief Financial Officer, Fran Shammo. Before we get started, let me remind you that our earnings release, financial and operating information, the investor quarterly and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations website. This call is being webcast. If you would like to listen to a replay, you can do so from our website. I would also like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon’s filings with the SEC, which are also available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are also available on the website. Before Fran takes you through the details of our results, I’d like to cover a few items upfront. Second quarter earnings per share were $0.64, up 12.3% from last year and $0.05 higher than the first quarter. To the first half of the year, EPS of $1.23 was 15% higher than a year ago. There were no special items of non-operational nature included in our reported results for the second quarter or the first half of this year or the comparable periods in 2011. In terms of activity below the operating income line, you will note that equity in earnings from unconsolidated businesses, which is primarily our minority interest in Vodafone Italy declined by about $50 million this quarter due to the continued economic pressures in Europe. This represents about $0.02 in earnings per share. other than that, there is nothing unusual in terms of other income, interest or income taxes. I'd also point out that the quarterly growth rates disclosed in our presentation slides and during our formal remarks are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted as sequential. with that, I'll turn the call over to Fran.
John N. Doherty: Thanks, Brian. Before we jump into questions, I know that we are having some link issues with the IR website this morning. we are working on it, and all the typical documents will be available shortly if they are not already. With that Brad, let's take our first question, please.
John N. Doherty: Thanks, Brett. And just an update – I continue to get updates on the IR related – website related issue. We continue to work it. We should have all documents available very shortly for those that couldn’t get them. Brad, right now, it looks like we have time for two more questions. Thanks.
John N. Doherty: Okay. thanks, Kevin. Brad, that concludes our call. Thanks everybody, we appreciate you dialing in this morning and once again, we’re doing everything we can to work on the IR related – website related issue we had this morning.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. sure, Jason, thanks for the question. So first on the FiOS piece. just a couple of things here, so yes, there was – we actually did have slower growth in this quarter than we anticipated. so a couple of factors here, one was there was a seasonable unusually high move season in the month of June compared to prior second quarter. so we experienced some additional moves out and normally in this business, it takes us a quarter to recapture the move in. So I think that partially would set off from a timing difference. But more importantly, I think that we have refocused more on our profit, on the FiOS side. So first we went through these price ups, you saw some of the benefits there in the first quarter, where we drove our consumer revenue growth, the 2.5%. And this was the price ups of our set-top boxes and you’re going to see more price ups coming in the third quarter around the bundles and into the fourth quarter. In addition, we launched our Quantum product and the price ups that we have on people choosing additional speeds. I am extremely confident with both of these actions. We can double our revenue growth by the end of this year from 2.5% to around 5%, and I am very confident that we can accomplish that. So, one is that that we’re really concentrating on revenue growth. Second is, as you know we’ve really concentrated around copper to FiOS migration. We nearly doubled the amount of migrations we did in the second quarter versus the first quarter and also what we’re seeing is, the first quarter migrations that we accomplished, these customers are generating more ARPU, close migrations and free, because they are also selecting higher speeds under our Quantum offers. So I think the range as we said is probably in the neighborhood of 150,000 to 170,000. I know you said, 160,000 to 180,000 but it’s around 150 to 170. But we are on a steady growth pattern, and I believe that we are really focusing in on better margins and acceleration of the top line. On the Verizon wireless dividend, I know there has been a lot of press lately out there and I am not sure where this idea is coming from, but I can tell you, right now the only thing I will say is that, there is not distribution on the agenda for the upcoming Verizon wireless board and that’s probably I am going to say at this point in time.Jason Armstrong – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, thanks Fran.
Francis J. Shammo: Okay, great. Thanks, John. So on the wholesale side, yeah, 10% decline, this was accelerated from 8.9% in the first quarter. And to be honest, I think that we're fighting an uphill battle here on the core voice in LTE product, and that will continue to decline. The focus right now is to reposition ourselves for Ethernet and fiber-to-cell, and those products are picking up. And I think that quite honestly the range that you see here is probably the range that we will continue with somewhere between an 8% to 10% decline going forward. But again, this is a diminishing revenue stream and we will continue to manage that stream. On the union side of that half, as I've mentioned before, when we entered into these negotiations, we knew that this was going to be extremely difficult and very hard negotiations, and it was going to be a long-haul not a short-haul. And given our peers, it took them 500 days to get the contributions and some pension resets, and we're now almost the year-end of this, sort of 365 days. So, when you look at the profitability of this business over the last five years, it has decreased and this cost structure is not sustainable going forward. We really needed the business to address this cost structure in relation to the benefits, particularly healthcare contributions and pensions, and we need increased flexibility around our work rules, which we – some of these work rules date back to 1960. So we aren't asking for things that have not already been given to other companies, these are not new issues for the union, a many of our peer companies are already there. So we are standing strong on our position of cost restructure in this business, so the negotiations are continuing albeit slow and the process will take as long as it takes for us. So at this point, that’s what I’ll report on the union negotiation.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah, thanks Phil. I mean, it is very preliminary, we just launched this on June 28, so we just started in on this. I think some of the positive factors that we are seeing, is that obviously all of your adopters are always your optimizers, but to be honest based on where we are at right now, we are actually tracking ahead of where we thought we would be and we don’t see any ARPU impact in the third quarter or fourth quarter. I think our trend will continue that we have established here in the first and second quarter. And the benefit though that we do see is that we are seeing some 3G unlimited customers move into our 4G share data plan product and that is excellent for us from a cash flow position on capital efficiency and cost reduction metrics. So there are some interesting things there, and then that again the other thing on ARPU here is, as Internet device ARPU continues to improve that gives us better opportunity to accelerate our overall ARPU growth.Philip Cusick – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: That’s all. Thanks Fran.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, I think that without giving a lot of guidance here, beyond this year which we set our overall capital plan will be flat to down from where we were last year. Obviously, you can see that wireless is utilizing capital extremely efficiently, down, I think now or most for the year about $1.3 billion year-over-year. Our overall CapEx to revenue ratio in the first half of 2011 was 16.4%, and that’s down to 13.1%, and as I said before, we are committed to continue to improve on that metric this year and continuing to ’13 and ’14. And I think we will leave it at that. Jonathan Chaplin – Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure, Michael thanks. So for the end of this quarter gross debt on wireless box is a $10.9 billion. On July 1, we actually paid down another piece of that debt of $800 million. The cash rate now is $8.4 billion so net debt at the end of this quarter was $2.4 billion. On the Enterprise business just a kind of set some of this – as I said last quarter, our international revenue is about $400 million a quarter. We were growing close to 15% to 17% on a year-over-year basis, both within EMEA and in Asia. Last quarter, we said that we saw the first time that it actually went flat on year-over-year basis, and this quarter we actually saw a decline on a year-over-year basis. Strategic services is about 75% of our sales in international, which is very different than it is here in the United States. So with the FX impact and the impact that Europe is having on that strategic revenue stream that is having an overall impact on the overall strategic revenue growth. I think the important thing here is the way we move forward, is that we are really building our business around platforms. And if you look at what we’ve done, we are rated number one in the world on security. We have build our data center platform around our Terremark acquisition and now we are going to build our machine-to-machine and applications platform around the Hughes Telematics. And I think that brings a different paradigm to us going forward. So I’m very optimistic on the Enterprise business. We are showing still some growth in strategic services and I think if we didn’t have the headwinds and some of these other economic pressures, I believe we are a double-digit strategic growth company there should be no reason why we can’t get back to those numbers that we showed in the past two years. So I think this is a temporary thing, but given where we are with Europe this could be another two to three quarters out, mid ’13 before we start to turn the corner here. But we are positioning ourselves and I think we are making all the right decisions that when we do turn the corner and get some economic release that we will show a very good portfolio here.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, David. So on the Wireline margins, look, we are very, very solid on improving our Wireline margin here in the second half, first the first half. I think that given some of the cost structure issues that we have, especially around the contract, we think that we can still improve our margins. If we can get to a better [inhere] with the contract, then I think that we can actually improve our margins on a year-over-year basis, but that will come down to a timing issue. I do think, though, that when we’re focusing on the consumer side of the house, as I said, I’m very confident that we can double our revenue growth here. We are very focused in on the profitability of FiOS. The profitability increase in Wireline this quarter was really centered around the FiOS, really progress that we made on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I think we have a lot of good things here, and we’ll just have to play this out, but we’re very, very confident that we’ll improve our wireline margins here. On the upgrade side of the house, obviously this is timing a lot of things go into play here. We’ve made a lot of moves in the last year and a half around restructuring our upgrade policies. As you know, we’ve launched our $30 upgrade fee. Obviously, this all has an impact on the level of upgrades and then of course, there is always that Rumour Mill out there with a new phone coming out in the fourth quarter. And so people maybe waiting, but look, we manage this on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I think, the way I look at this though going into the back half of this year on the upgrades is that, we’ll manage this business on a profit and on a growth trajectory. And if you think about what wireless has done when we get to the fourth quarter. We will have taken $5 billion out of our cost structure in the last three years, which is why we can generate margins of 49%, which beat our all-time high from last year. So I think that wireless has a very good track record in history to deliver both on profitability and growth.
Francis J. Shammo: Thanks, Mike. So just a couple of things on the margin side of the half. So I mean, I think, again, I’ll just repeat what I said is, we’ll manage this business both on a growth and profitability perspective for wireless, and I think we’ve proven that. look I mean, obviously the fourth quarter is always a seasonable volume quarter for the industry, and I expect that to happen again with the holiday season that’s coming up. So it will really factoring on the volumes that what new devices, and I’m sure, we’re going to have plenty of new devices that come up between now and the holiday season. and if you look at phone to device side of the house, we just launched the Samsung Galaxy 3 on our 4G LTE network. And it proved the point that when we launch a very technical phone that’s great when appearance and viability that people accept that phone, and that phone is selling extremely well. So all these factors come into play, but I think that we are very, very confident that what we laid out in January of 2011 regardless of what phones come, what phones don’t come, and what kind of a season it will be, we will hit our financial objectives. On the FiOS side of the house, as I said, we did have some seasonality pressure here, but look, we have to balance the perspective; most of you’d look at our wireless portfolio. we have to balance the consumer wireline portfolio in the same fashion. we have to balance growth with revenue acceleration and improving profitability. and that’s what we’re set out to do, and we’ll make the decisions in the right ones to in order to achieve all three of those metrics.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Brett. On the vote of our dividends the board meets on a quarterly basis and in each – the partnership agreements specifically states that on an annual basis the dividend will be reviewed at the end of the year. So that’s really all there is to say on that. On the 700 A and B megahertz sale, as you know, we’ve already hired a third-party, we are ready to go as soon as we get approval on the SpectrumCo deal. So, this is going to be an immediate thing, not something that’s going to take a while. So we are really setup to go and it will be as fast as we can get the auction done, and make sure that we get a price that we believe is fair, and then we will sell the spectrum. So that’s the timeline.Brett Feldman – Deutsche Bank Securities: Great, thanks for that.
Francis J. Shammo: Okay. So on the copper shutdown piece, over the past few years we have gotten a lot of regulatory release in a lot of states on copper being the provider of last resort and those types of things. So as we go here and through our product rationalization, we are moving as quickly as we possibly can in shutting down that copper plant and obviously we did that in Dallas a year ago and we currently have one we’re running in Florida that we’re shutting the switch. So we continue down that path and we’re doing that as quickly as possible, and as I said, from a FiOS to copper migration, or a copper to FiOS migration, we nearly double the amount of migrations that we did, and so we’re being as aggressive as we possibly can in these areas. So from that perspective I think we’re right on track.Thomas Seitz – Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Francis J. Shammo: I think that given the pressures that we’re seeing in Europe it’s not unforeseen that there would be a pressure there in the Omnitel market of Italy. And what we’re seeing is that that created a $0.02 pressure on a year-over-year basis. Strategically, I’m not going to discuss whether we’re going to stay a partner or not a partner, but right now it is a strategic asset for us to be a partner.
