Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Tony. As you heard today, we're confident and well positioned to deliver a solid 2024. Thanks to our best-in-class network, which is only getting better, we offer the mobile and broadband services that customer value and need the most. Our industry is critical to the next wave of innovation, and Verizon is ready to capitalize on the opportunity of the AI economy to bring this technology to life for all our stakeholders. As I said in the beginning, we have the right team in place to execute the next chapter in Verizon's history. I'm proud of the work our team accomplished in 2023 and excited what we will deliver in 2024. Our results in C-Band markets speaks for themselves and support our investment decisions, and we're going to lean in further as we expand into suburban and rural markets while maintaining the financial discipline you come to expect from us. We will continue to stay very close to our customers to understand their needs and preferences, so that we can offer the right promotions at the right times in the right markets. We have the right people, the right assets and the right strategy. Our focus for 2024 is on execution. It's a winning combination, and we are very confident heading into this year. Finally, I want to remind you that we are hosting an investor event on February 5 and encourage everyone to tune in to the webcast. Given the financial update today, next month will be more of an operational and strategic update on the company. Now, Brady, we're ready to take questions.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, John, thank you for the question. So, let me start about the subs then. On the Business side, 10th quarter in a row, more than 125,000. Kyle and his team is doing a great job. We are -- our network is performing so well, so our customers just continue to buy in with us. Not only that, our offerings in our go-to-market is as strong as ever. So, we feel really good about what Kyle and his team is doing. On the Consumer side, yeah, we had a good fourth quarter, but you have seen also through the year that we have sequentially improved all the time. Everything started where we started with a new offering, myPlan, which resonates with the market, very much consumer insights in it. Then on top of that, Sampath has done a lot of changes in our structure, all the way from the go-to-market, the incentives in our stores and our decentralization of it. So, it hangs together all the way. So, I think the most important, we have the right offerings in the market and that has really resonated on the Consumer side. So, I'm really happy with the team. We will continue to execute on the plan we have and we have started.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. Thank you. On the fixed wireless access, I think the product is maturing. We're now past 3 million subs, both on the Business side and Consumer together. Clearly, the rollout and the product is unique. It has -- it resonates so good in the market, the simplicity of the product and installing it, which was our idea. And even if we took out the discount that we had in the third quarter, we haven't seen any slowdown. The product is resonating so well. We are constantly improving it. The NPS is really high on the product. And as I said so many times before, for us is to keep the same volume right now because that we are dimensioning our capacity, our capital in the best way, it's the most efficient way. So, we will continue to be in these levels, and we think they're very important. And topping that, of course, that -- our consumers using fixed wireless access that they are using the network as anybody else. And as I said before, we have dimensioned the network to handle it, so that's not the challenge. And the most important for us is that we have fiberized all our network, and so we can transport all the data. The guys are doing great job on fixed wireless access across the board.
Hans Vestberg: And on the BEAD program, we will participate when that comes out in the market where we see we can compete and where we see a good return on investment. We have already won a couple in the early stages, but we expect that this will roll out over years to come. And -- but again, we will see that we participate when it makes sense for us usually -- or not usually, always with financial discipline.
Hans Vestberg: Sure. I can just start by saying, but I'm going to hand it over to Tony, I think you're spot on. On myPlan, and I said it in my opening remarks, stellar performance so far on myPlan. But it's not only that the plan is good, it's both flexible, you have cost control and our customers get value of it. And I think that goes back to the what I talked about for years, disciplined approach, but also very segmented. And that's what's happening right now, and we can see that we allocate money to the right product, to the right customer in the right market. So, there's a lot of that. But Tony will give you a little bit of rundown on the numbers.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Mike. No, that's a big focus for us. We have the secular decline, and we've had that for quite a while. So, there's nothing new and nothing new to that story. But our cost efficiency is, of course, happening very, very quickly, and the team is doing a great job. Not only that, we also see that we have the right pricing for our customers and also seen where we don't have great contract, we have decided to walk away from them. So, very much tackling -- blocking and tackling to see that we'll continue to improve. And of course, our target is to get that to sort of being neutral to our P&L over time. And that is one of the important pieces for getting the 25% of the Verizon Business Group in EBITDA. But not only that, of course, we're offsetting that by growing our wireless business and our broadband business. So, typical management of product portfolio, and I would say Kyle and the team is doing a great job with the full support from Tony and me.
Hans Vestberg: You're right. Last year, we did a lot of changes. But looking at the result, I think many of the changes was absolutely right, all the way from our structural changes to go-to-market, the product. And also, we did quite a lot of management changes, getting the -- many of the executives in new positions, including then recruiting a new CMO, Leslie Berland. We're excited to have her on. I think where we are with our brand and with our offerings, we're in a great place. But you know you cannot sit still here and that's why we recruited Leslie. Leslie will work with the full team to see how we continue to refine the leadership in the brand, because we are the number one brand in the market. We're just going to refine that, but we're not going to sit still. So, I think Leslie has been here for two weeks. So, I see a lot of great initiatives and ideas, and we will work together with her to make this company even better.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, David. When it comes to fixed wireless access, yeah, when we got the C-Band, the initial chunk of spectrum we got was in urban places. Now, since the end of third quarter, we got the suburban and rural areas. But we continue at the end of the year to strengthen our urban areas. So, now we are sort of deploying much more in the suburban and rural. That creates a new opportunity for us, both from our strength in wireless in many of those markets together with our fixed wireless access. But I said it many times before, for us, it's very important to have a certain volume and a certain cadence, because we can optimize our resources, our capital, et cetera. So, Tony and I feel really good about being around 400,000 net adds for broadband in total, including Fios. That has sort of been a mantra. They can be, of course, coming up and down a little bit. But it's not like we are forcing a lot of capital and resources in the quarter and then doing less, that's not efficient in a company like ours. We are very financially disciplined, as you know, and that's best for our customers and for our stakeholders like shareholders. So, that's what you're going to expect from us.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. If I think about this year, I mean, first of all, well, mobility and broadband is two of the most important infrastructure in the country, and I don't think anyone, a company, a person or organization can live without those services. We are the number one in basically everything we're doing. I think it's a healthy industry. It's an important product we have, then it can come up and down. So, I cannot give you a percentage what's going to happen. I think our offering is great. I think the product is so important, both mobility and broadband for all parts of our society. I wouldn't like to be in any other business, and it's sort of so important for our society that mobility and broadband is working.
Hans Vestberg: I think that we're going to -- whatever number it's going to be, we're going to get our fair share of it and that's what we are aiming for. But you're right, of course, immigration is lower, so the pool is smaller, but we've also seen a really good uptake between value segment to postpaid. So, there's a lot of factors coming in. And then of course, what we have done, when I think about offerings, we have myPlan. We're adding the perks, for example, the Netflix and Max. We are expanding also ARPA because we have such a great offering to our customers. So, this is a new time. But again, the product is so important for the market and for each and every one of us. So, I feel really good about coming into this year, what we have done and where we have got, and let's see where we end up.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Kannan. I have to go back a little bit when it comes to our broadband strategy. We have a multipurpose network. We're building networks once and we have multiple options at the edge. That was sort of the infancy of the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network. From the data center to the edge, we have harmonized everything, we have fiber in between everything, we have multi-routers, we have one transport network, that is super important. It's sort of the brain of the network. Then, at the edge, we have optionality, what type of access we have. In the ILEC, of course, we're going to continue with our success in Fios, and outside we're doing fixed wireless access. But it gave us optionality over time. I like owner's economics. I think that, that makes us very competitive in pricing and offerings to our customers. There are, of course, a lot offerings from people that want to ship in capital, but ultimately, it has paid off for us to be very, very prudent in financial discipline with our own money. But you can never out-rule, but that's really my view on it. But I'm creating optionality with the network, and Joe and his team are super agile if we need to be within that. On the wireless, I would say, I mean, if you look at our Business side, they have great offerings in the market. They have taken the fair share over 10 quarters, and then have also made new offerings so they can expand. So, I think they both have done quantity and value. And wireless, of course, on the Consumer side, they have historically had more ARPA increase with new offerings, new pricing, new products rather than volumes, but you have seen us performing in the last part of the year. And I think Sampath and his team, they have said that they want to increase their part of getting new customers. But again, it will be financial discipline, and we should get the right customers. And if you look at our quality of our consumer base, it's just amazing, and we will continue to be financially prudent on that, but clearly, we want to have more volumes, and -- but not to any cost. We will do it with the right cost and the right product to our customers.
Hans Vestberg: Yeah. I'll come back to how we build the network, because building the network is so important, because the biggest challenge with a lot of traffic is, of course, transporting it in efficient way, having your own fiber, and that we've already built. When it comes to the growth in the network, yeah, everybody is using the network more. There's no difference between fixed wireless access and Fios. And of course, wireless consumers are using the network more as well. But we have built a very stable network all the way from the data centers to the edge. And then, of course, we have assets that nobody else have. We have a lot of our traffic on millimeter wave, which is the cheapest way to deliver data in the market by far. And we have our C-Band years coming out, so -- and we have our best engineers. So, I feel really good with that people and customers are using our network more. That's what this was intended for, and we have designed it like that. So...
Hans Vestberg: Yeah. Thank you, Bryan. Let me start with the market in the fourth quarter. We don't know. I mean, the others haven't reported. We only know that we have performed really well. And -- but that has been -- it's not the one-quarter phenomena. If you think about from the second quarter, third quarter, even in the first quarter, we were sequentially improving all the time, and we have done that in a very disciplined ways with a lot of actions, and that we need to keep up. And then, the comment on how the quarter shaped, so you probably talk about Consumer more than anything else. I think we're solid through the quarter. There was nothing sort of different in -- during the month in the quarter. We were solid through the quarter doing well performance. On the lead, as I said before, we take that very seriously. I cannot comment what media doing. We work with all the agencies to see that we are following this up and we have revealed all the information we have, so we don't have any more. We have also disclosed how much lead cable we have in the network, which is very little. But again, we take it serious and work with all the agencies.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, Walt, I think that was -- it's a good question. So, the whole -- we started -- remember, we started with the network. As the C-Band, it's sort of rolling out in different ZIP codes all the time, we are engaging locally. The same we did with the Consumer group to be much more local, to be able to do local marketing, cater for what the local market, have local flavors of our marketing. We worked with the sports league like NFL and the teams in different markets to see that happen. So, of course, I'm going to attribute part of our growth during the year to the decentralization. But we just got started to see that we have that team in place, and Sampat and the team are working with them with these market precedents to make it. But it's also a sign of where the market is going. You need to be local and you need to be on the ground in the different societies in order to perform and be acknowledged, and Verizon is most visible in all the grounds, and now we're taking next step with our structure. So, very pleased with what I've seen so far, but more to be done.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Walt. I think this is something that we have been very disciplined. Our capital allocation priorities are clear. Number one, money to the business, basically our CapEx. Number two, continue to put the Board in a place where they can continue to increase our dividend. And number three, paying down debt. When we come down to 2.25 times, we have said we will start considering buybacks, but our ultimate long-term goal is to get around 2 times. So, yeah, that's the plan. But of course, it will play in where the market is, where the interest rates are, where the capital, and where the equities. But clearly, that's the plan we have right now and the Board is fully tuned to that plan.
Tony Skiadas: Hey, John, it's Tony. Good morning. So, just to add on to what Hans mentioned, we did really well in Tier 1 markets. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, about 8 percentage points better, and we were also net add positive in both Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets as well. We improved our competitive positioning against all providers. We continue to build out C-Band as we said earlier and -- in suburban and rural markets and we see further opportunity there. And as Hans mentioned, we have strong momentum in the VBG side as well on both mobility and FWA. So, good results. And then, on your question on service revenue, so we feel really good about the shape of service revenue in 2024. The guidance that we gave of 2% to 3.5% reflects accelerated growth, and we talked about the jump off point of 1.3% in the prepared remarks. The midpoint of our guidance range implies over $2 billion of service revenue growth. If we think about the assumptions in the guide, in terms of tailwinds, as you know, we've executed a number of pricing actions, both in the back half of 2023 that do carry into 2024, as well as in recent weeks, we've taken further pricing actions in both Consumer and Business that will provide a tailwind. We also have an improving volume profile in our Consumer business. As we said in the prepared remarks, we expect to have positive phone net adds in Consumer in 2024 and stable Business volumes as well. And then, the third tailwind I'd point to is an increasing contribution from fixed wireless access. We have really good momentum and over 3 million subs in the base. In terms of headwinds, prepaid has been a drag on service revenue both in the fourth quarter and the full year. It was about $142 million in the fourth quarter, and we expect the prepaid headwinds continue into 2024 as we stabilize that business. And then on promo amortization, that continues to be a headwind with the increase in 2024 similar to the increase we experienced in 2023. But when you put that all together, we like the trajectory of service revenue.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah. And then just one additional point there. So, the longer-dated churn, Simon, is very strong, and we're very pleased with the progress thus far. On your other question, on ACP, just maybe a few points to make here. The guidance assumes that the ACP funding remains intact. In the event the funding goes away, we have plans to address it and we'll see what happens there. The majority of the exposure on ACP is in our prepaid business. We have about 1.2 million prepaid subs that benefit from the ACP program, and that's less than 10% of our prepaid base. On the postpaid side, we have minimal exposure to ACP, both Fios and postpaid wireless. And the margin exposure from ACP is very, very small.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. So, just, Phil, on the churn, I mean, obviously, we'll see a little bit of an uptick from the pricing changes we made in both Consumer and in Business, and those changes were announced in the last few weeks. And then, as Hans mentioned, we really had good performance in Consumer. You saw the gross add number at 17% and 10% for the full year, and that's despite being in a much lower upgrade environment as well. So, we feel really good. Like I said earlier, the Tier 1 markets were very strong and we see further opportunity as we build out C-Band. The churn profile is much better. The ARPA is much better. So, we're very comfortable with what we're seeing so far with C-Band and the performance.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah. Look, we said we're going to be postpaid phone positive in Consumer in 2024, and we'll also continue to see strong momentum in Business as well. We did 562,000 net adds this year, and Kyle and the team did a great job, and we expect continued solid growth from the Business side as well.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. So, just to add a couple of things here. So, on 2023, we delivered about $300 million to $400 million in savings. And as Hans mentioned, we expect the program to ramp in 2024 and the savings are contemplated in the guide. A portion will hit the bottom-line while also giving us the flexibility to invest in the business. And I think you saw that in the fourth quarter and the results speak for themselves. We're not going to give specific cost targets, but what -- in addition to what Hans mentioned, we have work going on in IT platform transformation, real estate and fleet optimization, and we're also opening up a shared service center in Ireland. So, we feel really good about the cost actions that are driving the EBITDA improvements that you see in the guidance for this year.
Tony Skiadas: And Dave, just on your question on cash taxes, so we said, we're going to be pressured by the phaseout of bonus. We did see a tax benefit in 2023 from the spectrum clearing payments. And if you think about the headwind, we'd see it at about $2 billion right now, and we'll have to see how things play out with what the proposed legislation is.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, Walt, just to add on to what Hans said, the regional structure is a lot closer to the customer, and we've run the business this way for many, many years. And we can do things like different promos for different markets and local resources, and decision making and the localization offset some of the price ups as well. So, we feel really good about where we're heading, especially with the Tier 2 and Tier 3 rollouts with C-Band and the opportunity that provides.
