Matthew Ellis: Thank you, Hans, and good morning. I want to spend some time walking you through our 2023 guidance while also commenting on our longer-term outlook. Our 2023 guidance reflects momentum we have exiting 2022, which we expect to drive wireless service revenue growth. For 2023, we expect total wireless service revenue to grow between 2.5% and 4.5%, driven by increased penetration of premium unlimited plans, scaling of fixed wireless, continued growth in products and services, such as content and device protection plans and the full year impact of our pricing actions taken in 2022. As noted in our earnings materials, our wireless service revenue growth outlook includes an approximately 190 basis point benefit from a larger allocation of our administrative and telco recover fees, which partially recovered network operating costs to wireless service revenue from other revenue. In addition, we expect promo amortization to be approximately $1 billion higher than last year. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be within a range of $47.0 billion to $48.5 billion. This outlook reflects expected higher wireless service revenue offset by wireline and other revenue declines and higher marketing and network operating expenses. Full year adjusted earnings per share is expected to be $4.55 to $4.85. As noted on our third quarter earnings call, high interest rates are expected to result in approximately $0.25 to $0.30 of interest expense pressure in 2023 due to higher floating rate debt costs and higher securitization costs for our growing device payment portfolio. We continue to believe we have the right debt structure for the long term and have managed the balance sheet appropriately by keeping short-term maturities to a minimum in this higher interest rate environment. Higher rates of pension and OPEB, in addition to the lower pension asset base resulting from negative returns in 2022, are also expected to impact our adjusted EPS by approximately $0.12 to $0.15 compared to 2022. This flows through other income and expense in our income statement. Finally, we expect approximately $0.03 to $0.05 of impact from higher depreciation expense primarily driven by the C-band equipment being put into service across '22 and into '23. Our adjusted effective income tax rate is expected to be in the range of 22.5% to 24.0% based on current legislation. Capital spending for the full year is expected to be between $18.25 billion and $19.25 billion, including the final approximately $1.75 billion of the incremental $10 billion of C-band-related capital spending and we continue to expect total capital spending to be approximately $17 billion in 2024. The reduction from the $23.1 billion CapEx in 2022 is expected to drive higher free cash flow in 2023 despite increases in cash interest and cash taxes. As previously discussed, we will complete our accelerated $10 billion C-Band program this year after which all C-band capital expenditures will be part of our business-as-usual capital program. Looking beyond 2023, given our exit rate from 2022 we don't expect to hit the long-range outlook as we projected at the Investor Day last year. However, due to the way we have positioned our network and service offerings coming into 2023, we do expect increasing growth in revenue and cash flow in subsequent years. I will now turn it back over to Hans.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Hans. Good morning, Simon. So look, as you think about the guide for the year, obviously, there's a number of items in there, as I think about the range. We can get to the top end of the range there with strong execution, the activity around the cost program scaling, that flywheel moving faster than our base assumption. And just if we see more volumes come through the business there. Obviously, the low end will reflect the promo environment, the overall competitive environment and then we'll see items like inflation and so on. So the range of the EPS guide, I think very similar to the EBITDA guide that we've given. And I think it reflects as we come into this year, when you think about some of the unknowns will play out here in the macro environment and the competitive environment, we feel it's the right range to have for 2023. As Hans said, there's a lot of things for us to stay focused on, and make sure we produce the best result possible.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. So as you think about the year-over-year reduction in '22. Remember, at the start of the year, we said that we expected about a 200 basis point impact because of the inclusion of TracFone in the business for the year. Obviously, accretive in absolute terms. But from a margin standpoint, we did expect to see that. So then obviously, there's some other items in there. We talked a little bit about the inflation impact last year. Obviously, the competitive environment and the promo piece in there as well. So there will be some things that we have the opportunity to improve on this year's synergies from within TracFone as we move more customers over to our own network will be an upside. But then as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, obviously, the promo amortization is expected to be up on a year-over-year basis as the delay between being at these higher levels from a cash basis and then that flowing through on an accounting basis. So when you net those things out, expect something initially on a probably a similar type of level in '23 to '22 with some opportunities to push that as we go forward into subsequent years.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, Phil, so kind of unpacking some of the piece parts of your question there. So seasonality, absolutely, we expect that to look reasonably as you would expect throughout the year from an overall standpoint.  In terms of the service revenue guide, your math there is correct. When you think about the fourth quarter, you said close to 6%. Remember that included a full quarter of owning Trac in 4Q this year versus only part of 4Q last year. So as we get into '23, finally on a year-over-year basis to talk about stuff on an apples-to-apples basis and not with and without M&A items, which is nice. So once you remove that very similar.  In terms of the piece parts within wireless service revenue guide, think about you got the positive impacts of the price ups. Obviously, we had six months impact last year, approximately, you get a full year impact this year. Also the benefit of the FWA momentum we had and having 1.4 million subscribers in the base at the start of this year that we're billing throughout the year. But that's offset by the promo amortization, which, as I mentioned in the upfront comments will be higher in the income statement year-over-year, with the timing of the recognition of that. And then also the impact of the volumes last year, offsetting some of the ARPA benefit we had. So the task for the team going forward is to continue the momentum that we started to see in the second half of last year, as Hans mentioned, and that will put us in a position to continue to push service revenue in the positive direction going forward.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So on the free cash flow, David, obviously, last year, we said that we expect -- you had the right number expectation of where we said free cash flow might be for ‘23. As I think about where we see the business today versus where it was a year ago, a couple of factors that are different. CapEx very much in line with where we thought it would be at this point. Team did a great job last year deploying C-band. And obviously, we spent most of the $10 billion. So you get a nice year-over-year benefit. Offsetting that cash taxes will be higher this year as we have less benefit from a higher CapEx number and also bonus depreciation dropping down. That was in our expectation last year. Interest rates were obviously very different than we expected last year. You touched on those. And then the jump-off point from the EBITDA in the business at the end of '22 to '23 lower than we hoped to be at the Investor Day a year ago. So you've got the right moving parts there. We're not guiding specifically to a cash flow number. We historically haven't. But you've got the right moving pieces in there. So net-net, the CapEx reduction year-over-year gives us a good tailwind to think about cash flow for this year. So with that, I'll hand you to Hans for the C-band question.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. So Mike, as you think about the conversation we had last year and we talked about the long-term outlook, we provided the piece parts. Maybe if I go through some of those and where we are. Some of them were absolutely where we expected to be. Think about nationwide broadband with the year we had on FWA, but also FiOS and the expectation to continue to see very good progress there. That's very much in line with the expectations we outlined a year ago. Also, our business segment mobility results with six consecutive quarters above 150,000 net adds, very much in line with the expectations that we had at the Investor Day.  A couple of areas where we are behind versus our expectation at that point in time. Firstly, you need to think one of them, the mobile edge compute and 5G private networks. You're talking about the technology adoption there on a new technology, that adoption curve. A little slower than maybe we would have liked, but as you heard from Hans in the prepared remarks, feel enough we're starting to see some momentum there. So I still feel good about the opportunity there, but the pace of the adoption curve a little different than we hoped it might be. But the upside there still looks very good. And then, of course, the other one, consumer mobility at this time a year ago, we had higher expectations for '22 than where we ended up. Obviously, a lot of that variance occurred in the first part of the year, and you saw the actions taken, but as you think about the piece parts of the long-term outlook that we described a year ago and then how those have played out in the past 12 months. Hopefully, that gives you a little more color in terms of where things are moving along very much in line and where we also saw some areas where we had to -- we have opportunity to see further improvement as we go forward.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. On the promotion piece, you've got the understanding of the accounting treatment versus the cash there, Doug, and certainly, our assumption is that the marketplace will continue to be competitive, but we're not going to go into the 100% details of what's in the guide there. But we do assume that we'll continue to see competitive level in line with the past couple of years. And then as Hans said, we'll continue to look for ways to put plans in the marketplace to reduce the level of subsidy out there as well, and we'll continue to push those opportunities.
Matthew Ellis: Hey, Tim, on the free cash flow question. So absolutely, one of our goals is to continue to grow cash flow. Hans mentioned that you should measure us on revenue growth, EBITDA growth and cash flow growth and that cash flow growth is something we expect to be able to continue to generate going forward. Obviously, the capital reduction from the high point in '22 to the guide we gave for this year and then an even lower amount next year will be a positive towards that as we continue to obviously make progress on the income statement as well. You should see that contribute there as well. So that puts us in a position where we can start to see accelerated levels of debt reduction versus what you've seen in the past year or so. So that's the targets we have ahead of us and look forward to discussing progress against as we go forward here.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Just to add on a couple of points. As you think about the VBG net adds, you're always going to see a little bit of volatility up and down from 1 quarter to the next just because of the size of some of the transactions there. So all in all, though, jobs numbers continue to be good; business numbers, good. Obviously, there's been some high-profile layoff announcements, but overall job numbers are good, and you see that show up in the overall numbers that we produced throughout the year and look forward to continuing to have best-in-class market share within the Verizon Business Group space as we go forward. In terms of the macroeconomic assumptions in the guide, I wouldn't say we have anything too dissimilar to what you've heard from a number of other people during earnings season. But one of the things I come back to is the resiliency of our customer base. We've been through different types of economic environments in the past. We know customers pay their phone bills before they pay other bills and other outgoings. We fully expect that to continue. And so we're obviously watching the macroeconomic environment. But as Hans said, the payment patterns continue to be very strong, and we'll stay close to that, but so far, so good.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. Let me summarize the Verizon opportunity in a few key points. We are making the necessary improvements to drive better performance. We have the best network, and it's only getting better even as capital intensity improves. We have the largest EBITDA base in the industry and a clear path to free cash flow expansion. And finally, we have one of the most attractive dividends in the market and we intend to be able to continue the trend of growing the dividend each year. By that, I hand it over to Brady to start the Q&A.
Hans Vestberg: The Welcome Unlimited is working exactly as we wanted. I mean it creates the store traffic. We bring our customers in and we see that the customer gets the plans they want. We have not seen any step downs of -- that is coming from that. We are more seeing an opportunity for our customers to have a conversation with them. And of course, remember, that's a bring-your-own-device. It's for 4 lines, and that's the way we've been dealing. And we learned a lot from the first Welcome we started with somewhere in the third quarter, I remember or beginning of -- end of the second when we saw a little bit -- and that was an area where we were soft. That's where we clearly saw that customers were going to others. These we now have diverted and they come to us. And if you then add that, you see our premium unlimited continue to do well. We went up now to 45% actually from 41% in the third quarter, I think. So we added 4% more on unlimited premium. So that is working for us. Just need to be agile, stay close to see which segment and then be aggressive in the segment we need and the segment we're performing well and we let them continue to perform well. And when it comes to device promos, yes, we understand that's part of the competition and in part of the market. We will be in part in that as well. But we will continue to be cautious and see that we actually are using device promos in the right moment for the right customers. And you saw us last year coming in and out. Sometimes we're a little bit more aggressive and others, we were actually the least aggressive. And I think that's how we will continue this year depending on where the market is going. But what you can expect from us in the consumer unit is to be agile, take quick decisions and see if they're working, then we'll continue. If they're not working, we're pulling them. That's why I'm into this basically every day myself nowadays. And I think this has proven that we get the momentum with the team, and the team is actually executing well. We have more to do. I mean I always say that. I mean, it's going to take a long time before I feel that I'm 100% satisfied or happy, but definitely, it's a work to do here, but I've seen the good momentum.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. And it's, of course, a focus for us to continue to grow the cash flow, as I said so many times. So we will continue on that work. When it comes to the C-band, first of all, we have said from the beginning, the C-band acquisition we did is a multi-decade spectrum. It's going to -- it's so much and in so many years. And of course, that was a deliberate decision because we believe we're going to be in wireless business for the eternity of Verizon's history. So that's very important. However, when it comes to C impacts, and I think I mentioned some of them, if you think about fixed wireless access, the majority of all new customers are coming on the C-band right now. That's a clear indication. Without the C-band, we couldn't grow the broadband right now. We did a history high 1.4 billion net adds in the year of broadband subscribers. So of course, a lot of contributor to C-band, and that's a clear metric to have. The other metrics you have is, of course, unlimited premium, where we say that actually, we're performing very well where we have deployed a C-band in order to get customers to step up. And the step-up is very important. We are in a multi-subscription business or we are in a subscription business. And the more you can see that you're upgrading the price, the P on that quantity, it's enormously important for a long-term value for our customers, important. The third one that is coming, and I mentioned also when I opened is, of course, private 5G networks, mobile edge compute, all that is, of course, going to be very much supported by the C-band as well. There we will come back and start reporting on that when we feel that, that is coming into the play from a more significant portion. But mobility -- and remember also that we had the wireless business side, the business side actually growing because of the reliability of our network and the resilience of our network, which is how our enterprise customers are buying from us when it comes to wireless business. So I think there are many metrics that you can see already now that is really connected to the C-band. Then I just want to remind you it's almost less -- I think it's one year since we got -- since we launched the C-band. It's only one year, and we're going to cross 200 million POPs. We have never built so fast in the entire history of the company, and we're well ahead of the plan to hit the 250 million POPs that we said at Investor Day by end of '24. So I think that this is really a game changer in the market. And we see performance-wise, we're outperforming. We have the most resilient 5G network in the nation and we are just starting, just starting with 60 and 100 megahertz. And as you heard me talking, we have 160 in average, it's going to be 200 later on. It is a game changer, and we can already see it right now, and we see already metrics right now that is proving it.
Hans Vestberg: Craig. No, I think it's a really good question. Of course, we have seen this has a very strong consumer movement in Europe that is, to a high degree, have convergence in the U.S. where, I would say, much lower. But clearly, it is something that our customers are asking for. So it's actually a consumer feedback. And I spent a lot of time in the stores, meeting a lot of our consumers. And they see a clear advantage to have the same provider on the broadband as on the wireless. I don't think we will get into any European levels. But clearly, this is a movement and Verizon is super good positioned here. We have owner's economics on our broadband and on our wireless nationwide, both of them. And that's, of course -- we're going to meet the customers here. If the customer thinks that is what they need, we're going to offer it, and that's why we have these bundles in the market. If they want to have them separate, we can do that as well. We have owners economics on both of them. But I think that trend will continue given the consumer research we're doing and the consumers we’re talking to. That's something that is actually -- and it's not only consumers, you need to think about small and medium business as well, make it convenient for them, both having the wireless and the broadband. Because any SMB today -- and you know we spend -- we probably serve half of the SMBs in the country. Any SMB today need a digital front door and then being mobile first. So this is really good for us. And if you look at our numbers this year on both on fixed wireless access and mobility in the business segment, SMB has been very important for us. So yes, I think there's something in there definitely, and it's a consumer desire, and we're going to meet that desire as we continue.
Hans Vestberg: No, it's not different. We see it in the same way if the customer, of course, we're much more mature historically in the FiOS footprint. On the other side, when we do fixed wireless access, it's a much more natural discussion with the customer as we have it from the beginning. So I would say that we probably have a big opportunity on the FiOS segment to have customers, both on the fixed and the mobile. On the fixed wireless access, I think that there, you start actually on a strong position when you start offering fixed wireless access with many of the customers sort of coming in either or cable provider and have our wireless, and that's how they move over to us.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. No, good question. I think that as you heard us at least, I mean, we think that the profitable growth is the most important, both to have the right customers retained with us and the ones we're getting. So that's an overarching measurement we need to have. Then, of course, it's always going to be new customers that are important for our base. But remember also, this market right now, if you talk about the premium segment, there are, of course, a certain amount of switchers in the market, and then there are a certain amount of people going from pre to postpaid. That is no infusion of new customers in the system. So they're coming from two sources. And you need to think about how you do that. And I think we have great opportunities right now with the TracFone brands we have to see and total wireless to see that we are taking care of that pre to post migration, which we've not been part of before. We still have some work with the IT stacks and all of that. But clearly, today, we're running on both sides. And on the switcher pool, yes, there we're going to be seeing that we're prudent and disciplined, but we will go for the units we think are the right. It's a subscription model long term that is even more important to increase the P sometimes than increasing the Q because this is long term that you stay with the customers to get the long-term value from them. But it's a balance of it all the time and that we will continue to have.
Hans Vestberg: I can start with fixed wireless access. First of all, we just reiterated what we said in Investor Day, 4 million to 5 million subscribers on fixed wireless access. Our job is always to try to beat that, but that was -- we just reiterated that, and we are well ahead on that plan.  Then the second is, of course, when it comes to our capacity, we have definitely capacity for that and much more. And again, we have a multi-usage of our network that has been sort of the basis for this, meaning the same radio base stations are serving mobility, fixed wireless access and mobile edge compute, and we are not doing separate. In the distant future way above the 4 and 5, we can always come into sort of decisions of splitting cells in order to get more fixed wireless access but that’s very far away from now. We have ample capacity for the guide and much more than that. So -- and of course, our team is doing everything to see that we can continue to exceed our targets.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. So it's a multifaceted question on the fourth quarter. Of course, on the business-to-business side, SMBs continue very strong. And as I said, they need store digital storefront and a mobile-first strategy in today's world after COVID. So I think that we have been performing very well. On the enterprise side, it's a little bit different, but we see that bring your own device is going down, and we see more companies saying that they want the company phone, which is of course, helping us here. And that we -- that trend we have seen for a couple of quarters. So I think both of them are pretty solid. On the consumer side, as I said, we had positive net adds. We had also, as I said before, a little bit spill over from the churn from the price increase at the beginning of the quarter. And then there was actually fewer days of sales in the fourth quarter than a normal quarter. So I don't think there are any new things more than what I said. Customers were a little bit later in the holiday season to do. They had higher intent when it comes to consumers, but it was nothing macroeconomical different than I talked about. Matt and I talked about the bad debt and the delinquency being like pre-COVID or equal or better than pre-COVID. So no, there's nothing there. We are, of course, watching it. But so far, we continue to progress well.
