Michael T. Stefanski: Thanks, Marley. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. This is Mike Stefanski and I'm here with our Chief Financial Officer, Fran Shammo. Thank you for joining us this morning. As a reminder, our earnings release, financial and operating information, the investor quarterly and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations website. A replay and a transcript of this call will also be made available on our website. Before we get started, I'd like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement on slide two. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon's filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials we have posted to our website. The quarterly growth rates disclosed in our presentation slides and during our formal remarks on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted as sequential. Before Fran goes through our results, I'd like to highlight a few items. GAAP reported earnings for the quarter were $1.04 per share compared to $1.01 per share in the second quarter of last year. There were no special items of a nonoperational nature in the second quarter of this year. The second quarter of last year included $0.10 per share from a gain on the sale of Spectrum, so on an adjusted basis EPS growth was 14.3%. Adjusted EBITDA growth for the quarter excluding this prior-year gain was 6%. Through the first half of the year, earnings totaled $2.06 per share compared with adjusted earnings of $1.76 per share last year. However, as we've consistently pointed out, last year's adjusted EPS would've been about $0.07 higher on a non-GAAP illustrated basis if we assumed 100% Wireless ownership for the entire first quarter. On this more comparable basis, the adjusted EPS growth rate for the first half of this year was 12.6%. Beginning this quarter, we are reporting Wireless equipment revenue and Wireless cost of equipment in our consolidated statements of income. In our Wireless segment, we are reporting the cost of equipment and the cost of service, which were previously combined as cost of service and sales. Prior period detail at both the consolidated and Wireless segment level is included in the financial and operating information schedules on our website. I would also remind you that our Wireline results include the operations that we agreed to sell to Frontier. This will be the case until the transaction closes, which is on track for the first half of 2016. As we pointed out last quarter, the assets and liabilities associated with these operations have been classified on the balance sheet as held for sale, and as such, we are no longer recording depreciation expense. For the full year, we continue to estimate the earnings benefit to be about $0.12 to $0.13 per share. The acquisition of AOL, which we announced in mid-May closed on June 23. Our balance sheet at June 30 includes the AOL assets and liabilities. Our income statement for the second quarter does not reflect any results of AOL operations for the last seven days of the month due to immateriality. The AOL results of operations will be fully included in the third quarter. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Fran.
Michael T. Stefanski: Amir, thank you. Marley, we have time for one more question and if you could queue that up, I appreciate it.
Michael T. Stefanski: Hey, Marley, thank you, but before we end the call I'd like to turn the call back to Fran for some final comments.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Good. Thanks, David. So at first on the revenue guidance. So, look, I mean coming into this year we set a priority that we said we would protect our base, and I think if you look at the results of the first quarter and the second quarter, the churn speaks for itself, with four basis points improvement from the first quarter year-over-year and then the second quarter year-over-year with the 0.90% being the lowest churn rate in the last three years that we posted up. In addition, some of the other changes in the assumption fact is the take rate of Edge. I would tell you we never anticipated that Edge would accelerate as much as it has, and looking forward into 3Q being at 60%, that's much higher than we had anticipated but the market has moved us there. And quite honestly it's getting more and more confusing at the frontline so this really translates into simplicity for our customers in choosing the Edge plan, and that's where the market has gone, so that's where we need to compete. And then finally, from an upgrade perspective, going back to protection of our base, we're up 800,000 upgrades year-over-year. So more people are selecting the new price plans when they get a new handset, and that puts us on the Edge which obviously generates more equipment revenue and puts pressure on the service revenue. And coming into this year we knew that service revenue would dilute. We're seeing more dilution than we anticipated because more customers are selecting that Edge plan. But I think just a couple of things to keep in check here, because when you zero in on one metric, you're walking away with the wrong impression as to what's happening in the overall P&L. So first off, we generated growth in revenue of 5.3% in Wireless this quarter. So if you look at the first half of the year, that's $2.5 billion of revenue growth just in the first half. You annualize that, that's growth that's bigger than some Fortune 500 companies generate in the full year of revenue. So this is still a very healthy business and it goes to what the overall industry is as well. So there's a lot going on in the industry to generate more usage in the future. So if you look at the IARPA which is the installment plus the revenue per account we're up 2.3%. So if you just focus in on the service revenue, of course that's going to dilute year-over-year, but I think you have to step up and look at the overall financials of Verizon Wireless. In addition, if you look at the connections, we're up 4.3% year-over-year in connections and we're also up in accounts. So when you look out to the future you're adding accounts, you're adding devices, that's also going to be more usage on the network. And obviously the whole future of the industry is based on generating more usage on the network so that people want to use more. And we know from a fact that more people are consuming more video on wireless today than they were a year ago. So that's all part of the strategy. You look at tablets, we're still less than 10% of the base in penetration of tablets. That's still another growth area for us. Then you look at Internet of Things. Internet of Things is still in early stages for the entire industry. There is more and more devices coming out that's going to generate revenue in the future. And then of course, if you just look at Verizon, we have the whole AOL and OTT launch, which we'll get to. We just launched Custom TV in Wireline, and that in itself will also put pressure on the top line. So if you think about the Custom TV package, customers are now only paying for what they want to view, and we're only paying the content providers for what our customers want to view. So what you're seeing is you're seeing a decrease in revenue, but you're also seeing a decrease in content cost that actually improves the profitability. So again, I think if you step back and you look at the entire portfolio of what's going on, I think you walk away with a very different conclusion than if you just look at the ARPU because we know that ARPU is going to get condensed with the new EIP plan. So thanks, David, for the question.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Simon. So on productivity and cost, look I mean we've been at this now for three years and our VLSS program, Verizon Lean Six Sigma program continues to generate savings. I mean if you just look at Wireline year-over-year down almost 8,000 employees from a year-over-year basis and still generating the great customer service and the volumes that we have there. So that speaks to the efficiency that we're getting both in the network efficiency side, reduction of over time, and of course as the industry matures now you're looking a lot of houses that already have an ONT on the side of the house. So it's less labor because you're just activating the house that now doesn't really need much of a truck roll to go to it. So there's a lot of efficiency there. In the Wireless side, a lot of concentration around self-serve and customer service centers. And then we go to structure around the Wireless unit. So we're still on that whole productivity cost routine and we still believe that we have a very full runway in front of us and you're going to continue to see us take cost out of this structure. If you just look at year-over-year on cash cost alone, if you look at our revenue growth versus cash cost we're really maintaining cash cost at a very slow incremental increase. So that speaks to the efficiency that we're driving through all of our initiatives. On the Frontier side we still have – we're expecting to close this transaction towards the end of the first quarter. So we still have about 8 months to 9 months of planning activity. We're well on our way, and I think what we've done in the past speaks for itself as how we'll address this in the future, and obviously I'll talk more about this as we get closer. But we are still designing those plans. Obviously you know Dan Mead is leading that team and he is very diligent in what he's doing to prepare us for the separation of that unit and getting our cost within alignment to offset the stranded cost perspective. On the union side of the house, just as we know there are in total 27 collective bargaining agreements covering about 38,000 people in nine Eastern states. We began formal negotiations on June 22 and to jump start the negotiations, the company put forth a comprehensive offer on the table, which included wage increases and changes to current contracts to help us manage our cost and increase our flexibility to better serve our customers. Simply stated, we will need to monetize at our legacy contracts to better position us to compete in the digital age. Given the level of change we are seeking with respect to benefit cost management as well as work rules, our expectation is that the negotiation process will take some time. As you know, it is not unusual for negotiations to continue well beyond the expiration date of the contract, which is August 1. We intend to work through the process until we achieve a new agreement that addresses the needs of our business and preserves the high quality of our jobs for our employees. So I think, David (sic) [Simon], as far as that goes, that's probably all I'm going to say around the union negotiations. It's early on and we still have a lot of work to do.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Phil. So on Custom TV, I mean obviously we know we were paving the path for a new venture here to give customers what they wanted. Obviously, I'm not going to comment on any litigation matters currently in effect with Disney and ESPN as everyone knows that we're being sued on the contractual arrangement there. So I'm really not going to talk about that. But look, I mean we continue to have a great partnership with Disney and ESPN and we will continue to work through that disagreement in our business relationships. And I will tell you, if you just look at the over-the-top product, I mean ESPN is participating with college sports in that product. So we will continue to work with ESPN and the lawsuit will take its own course of action. And again, we believe we're in our contractual rights to offer what we're offering. From a customer selection perspective, I will tell you this has certainly exceeded our expectations. As we saw through the quarter once we launched this, we saw the uptake rate increase. As I said in my prepared remarks, over a third of the customers now coming in are selecting a Custom TV package. I will tell you that as far as the number of genres that they take, it's less than what we anticipated but they are selecting based on their own favorability and I'm not going to get into who selects what and how many we're doing there. But I will tell you that it is, it will put pressure on the top line but it obviously is going to improve our profitability here from a programming standpoint. So we will continue to work through that. The other thing I wanted to mention on just the growth metrics of FiOS here. As you know, given the disputes that we had in Custom TV, we also were blacked out from many content providers in advertising this product during the quarter. And in two of the biggest markets, both New York and Philadelphia, we were unable to advertise the Custom TV package for approximately 45 days until we worked through that. So that also contributed to some of the slower growth in FiOS because it took us out of market for that period of time during the quarter. And then of course in addition to that we had the Time Warner Cable separation of the merger, which both entrants came back into the market pretty competitively. So that put some pressure on this as well but even with that, we saw some great progress with the Custom TV package. On the second piece Phil of AOL, there is nothing included in AOL from a P&L perspective this quarter. We closed it at the end of the quarter. It was totally immaterial and from a cut off perspective it just wasn't materially enough for us to include. However, we did include the opening balance sheet. We've done a preliminary assessment on the fair value of the assets that we acquired. We had an independent third-party do that on a preliminary basis, and that is included in the balance sheet. So you'll see goodwill has increased for the acquisition as well as our customer list because there was value assigned to the subscription business of AOL. But from a P&L standpoint, there was no revenue or expenses included this quarter. That will be included for the first time in the third quarter and at this point, we will be including that in our overall corporate results for the remainder of this year. And then as I said before, we'll have to wait to see where we go with this – whether we include it as a separate viewable or we disclose revenues or how we're going to do that in the future, and I don't have an answer yet on that piece. So we'll wait till first quarter and entering into 2016 to give you more of a view into what happens going forward.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Brett. So look, first on churn. We've made, as I said coming into this year we were really going to concentrate on protection of our base and I think we've shown that. If you just look at, and we don't really disclose this but if you just look at our basic churn rate, we've seen even double what we've seen in the overall churn rate improvement, so we are maintaining those basic phone customers and converting them into a 4G LTE smartphone device and we're seeing really good progress on that. And that's part of the $80 price point that we have in the market. It's been very, very successful for us in the retention of our customer base. But speaking on the churn piece, I just want to caution everybody, be careful because there is seasonality in the churn. So generally third quarter is a little bit higher than the second quarter but we do believe that we will still be able to improve on a year-over-year basis. As far as the over-the-top launch, we are absolutely going to be ready to go by late summer. It won't be the full entire of everything that we contemplate within the product set. It'll be an initial launch and as the year goes on, it will progress. So more to come on that but as you know, we have signed up a number of content providers, sports channels, DreamWorks, AwesomenessTV, Vice Media, Scripps, and of course we can't leave out the AOL content that's coming with the acquisition including HuffPost and TechCrunch. So we have a very good lineup. This is a lineup that is really around all live type news clips and sports and events, so very different than what anyone else is bringing to the marketplace. So more to come on that this summer from Marni and Tim Armstrong and his team who now owns this product set. And then on the multicast, again, as we go through this, all the phones that we sold in the fourth quarter have the capability of multicast other than the 6 and the 6 Plus, and we continue to feed the market with those multicast devices and I can't speak to exactly what the next iconic device will have in it so we'll have to wait to see what that comes out with but this will continue to grow over the next year to have a proliferation of units in the marketplace to make this matter as we continue on with our OTT launch.
Francis J. Shammo: Thanks, Michael. So first off on the receivable, we're fairly flat because keep in mind that we continue to securitize the receivable that removes that receivable from our books. So it's consistently flat between $2.5 billion to $3 billion so it really hasn't changed much. On the overall Wireline perspective, look, I mean, we've sold the three properties in the South, Texas, California and Florida because they were islands to us, very difficult properties to operate from our scale perspective. There's still a lot of copper in those footprints and Frontier does a much better job with that and strategically it just didn't fit for us. But, look, I think if anyone was to enter the broadband market the East Coast would be the first place that they would go. I mean we have an incredible footprint that stretches from Washington DC up through Boston. The broadband connection to those homes along with our Wireless product and the population of that segment is critical to us and it is a strategic asset for us to continue to market and launch with our Wireless product and over the top is going to feed into more of that as we go in here strategically. So right now, Lowell and I sit and we're very satisfied with the portfolio of assets we have. From an enterprise space, that enterprise asset is very critical to our enterprise customers, both from a Wireless and a Wireline perspective, so they're important relationships to us. So right now, I mean I'm not saying that if someone didn't come in and take a look at the assets – as we've always said, we're open to anything. But right now, strategically we are very satisfied with the asset portfolio we have and it's strategic to us. So right now we're content with what we have.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks. So, Mike, on the margin pricing, look I think that the financials speak for themselves and of course we'll get a lot of flavor around how EIP helped the profitability and all this. Bit again, as Mike and I have continued to say, if you look at total revenue and the total EBITDA margin, that kind of neutralizes out the impact of the EIP and you see that we're increasing this year-over-year. And even if you look at Wireless margin at 56% in this quarter, even if you normalize out the EIP benefit, you're still over 50% margins for that business. So I think it speaks to itself of the – we continue to be an "and" company. We're going to grow and we're going to generate the profitability and we're going to do this in a very disciplined manageable approach. And we've said that we felt that coming into the year that we would hold our margins given all the competitive pressures, and we're still on track to do that. So I think the margin itself speaks for itself. And from a seasonality standpoint the one thing I would say going back to the change in the revenue guidance is, as we look out into the fourth quarter, keep in mind fourth quarter last year was an unusually very high volume quarter that generated a lot of equipment revenue, and the bulk of our sales were still in the equipment subsidy model. And that hovered around the new 6 and 6 Plus that came out. I just don't see that the next iconic device is going to be substantially different and therefore, I don't see that – and this is just me speaking, I don't see the volume there in the fourth quarter that we had last year from a total iconic change of the 6 and the 6 Plus. So I think that will also benefit us from just a margin perspective. On Wireless and leasing plans, look this is – the leasing plan is just a fancy way to do installment plans. But of course you get another accounting benefit by putting assets up on your books and being able to amortize them below the EBITDA line. So at this point, we have no plans to do any type of leasing arrangement. And then on the enterprise side, look, as I've said before, 2015 would look like 2014. I still do see some glimmers of hope here especially in the government sector where we're starting to sign some large contracts. But as you know in this business, I sign a large contract today, it takes me at least 12 months to implement that before I start to see the revenue benefit. So I'm looking that there could be some positives here going into 2016 on the enterprise side. Obviously it's being impacted by FX right now. But this is a very competitive environment with thousands of players who have niches. We do very well on the security side of the house. We're doing well in the data center side on the whole cloud services. But these revenue streams are just not large enough to offset the price compression that we're seeing in IP. But again, I see some glimmers of hope in IP, where maybe it's starting to stabilize again and if that happens then we should see some improvement. But right now it would be a cautious outlook from me.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Thanks, John. So on the Edge take rate, look, I mean this is where the market has gone. If you look at all the advertising in the market, it's around the access point, and this is where we're at. So I think that where we're going to end up here is you'll never get to 100% overall because of corporate accounts and so forth. They're not going to take an installment type plan. So I don't think we ever get to "100%" in our base. But from a consumer standpoint, yes, I could see us getting to where we're more heavily, very heavily concentrated on the installment side of the house, and quite honestly as I said from a frontline perspective it'd be much easier for them to just sell one product. So simplicity is important to us. So you're going to see us, as we gradually move through here, that the market is moving us there so we're eventually going to get there. From a churn perspective as I said, I think with all the programs we have going, we're making very good progress in our base. Our customers are loyal. You've seen us running our new ads and some of our customers are coming back to us because they were dissatisfied with where they went. So I think that this all proves to again, the basis of how Verizon Wireless has been successful and will continue to be successful is the quality of our network, the consistent performance that our network gives to our customers, and the breadth of that network across the United States. So that's really what it comes to and as I've said before, the number one reason a customer leaves you is because of quality of the network, price is number two. So the quality of the network still is overwhelmingly more important than price, not to say that customers are not price-sensitive but we think that we can continue to be very competitive and protect our high-value-base. So yes, I do think that we'll continue on this track.
Francis J. Shammo: So thanks, Amir. So on the networks side as far as the incentive auction goes, yeah, the FCC is now saying that they're going to hold the auction first quarter of 2016, probably at the end of the first quarter of 2016. As you know, they had a meeting on July 16 where they were going to set the rules but that actually got postponed. So we'll have to wait to look at what the auction rules are and decide whether we're going to participate at the appropriate time. The only thing I would say is based on the AWS-3 auction, hopefully the – we have some lessons learned on what we shouldn't do with a multi-billion-dollar companies giving favorable treatment so we'll have to see where these assessments come out. As far as our strategy here, the need for low-band spectrum for us is not a great need. As you know, we build out our LTE on the 700 megahertz which is contiguous across the United States, which is a competitive advantage for us. We then launched our AWS-1 spectrum for capacity and now we're in the process of revamping our 1900 PCS. So the key here is to keep in mind that of our licensed portfolio, only 40% of our licensed portfolio supports LTE and 87% of the data traffic is now running through LTE. So if you look at our 1900 megahertz, the yet to be deployed AWS-3 which we bought and will be deployed over the next probably 2.5 years out and then our build strategy, which we came out of the auction within Chicago and New York, we have plenty of capacity to deal with the ramping of what we believe will happen with our OTT product and the continued pursuit of volume in the industry. So our buildout is on track. We do not necessarily need low band spectrum but that doesn't mean that we would not participate in the incentive auction. Again, we'll have to wait for the rules to come out but obviously we are continuing down the track that we set on coming out of the AWS-3 auction. So at that point we'll have to wait to see what happens with the FCC.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah thanks, Jennifer. Well, I always say you never say never, right? So look – I mean, we're open to any options, but as far as the leasing of spectrum goes, as I said before, in order to protect the viability of our network and our planning and our capital allocation, this would have to be almost a lease in perpetuity so that you could never be held hostage by anybody because once you deploy a spectrum in your network, if somebody turned around 10 years from now and said, I think I'm not going to lease that to you any more, that would be detrimental to your business, and you can't just – you just can't let that happen. So I guess under the right terms, and conditions it would be something that we could look at, but I would tell you I think that's very, very difficult given the asset that you're leasing here. So I think that's the perspective, and we're concentrating on our build. The one thing I didn't answer on Amir's question was SDN, and we're into that. I mean, obviously, LTE in itself is a software-developed network and it gives you the scalability of giving richer network experiences, and our team is working on that and we've been working on that for quite some time. So there's a lot of things that will bring efficiency to the network. I mean, there's CRAN out there. We are in the initial – obviously 5G is being talked about in the industry, of course Asia is involved in 5G and of course we will start to get involved in the standard-setting around 5G. So there's a lot happening in this industry from a technology standpoint, so spectrum's important, it will always be important, but it's not the only tool we have in our toolbox. So from that perspective, we're concentrating on that strategy that we outlined coming out of the AWS-3 auction.
Francis J. Shammo: Okay. Thanks, everybody, and again thank you for joining us this morning. I'd just like to end though at, through the first half of 2015 we continue to execute on the fundamentals, we position our business for the future and we always return value to our shareholders. On a comparable basis, first half's consolidated revenues grew 3.5%, earnings grew 12.6%, cash flow from our operations was up 11.9%, Wireless revenues increased over $2.5 billion to just under $45 billion. We positioned ourselves for future growth, we acquired valuable mid-band spectrum in the FCC auction, invested $8 billion in capital year-to-date and made a very strategic acquisition in AOL. AOL acquisition greatly accelerates our digital media and advertising platform capabilities, which will become a critical element of our OTT strategy and our revenue growth for the future. We returned $9 billion to our shareholders through the first half of this year, $4 billion in dividends and $5 billion in an ASR program. We certainly look forward to a very positive second half of 2015 with confidence and our ability to execute our strategy and create value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. Thank you again for joining us today, and have a great day.
