Matthew Ellis: So in terms of the timeline for the three to five markets, as we said earlier this year, and when we made the announcement in November 29, those - all of those markets will launch in the second half of this year. So we announced at Sacramento will be one of those cities and the other cities will announce as we get closer to launch date. But we are very much on track with being in a position to launch each of those cities later this year. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are in the process of deploying assets in each of those markets and look forward to bringing that service to consumers in those markets in 2018. As you mentioned, the launch this year will be on our proprietary standard, and this gives us the opportunity to get a product out in the market before others and to demonstrate that millimeter wave does exactly the things that we said it does. But obviously over time, we want to move to the standards-based CPE, and we expect to be getting that CPE based off of the NR standard, probably in 2019. Look, what I would I say is the network is being pre-positioned to be able to launch 5G as soon as customer equipment is ready, whether that be in-home CPE for residential broadband or weather that be handsets with 5G mobility. We'll be ready as soon as equipment is ready on the global standard. And in your final question was around a video strategy for the residential broadband launch. So that's - we've got that underway. We continue to look OTT options, and as we've said previously, we're not looking to launch a need to product, but certainly expect to have an overall product offering to consumers in those three to five markets that will be compelling to meet their needs
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So Phil, we continue to look at the - our goal to improve leverage. And really to get back to that pre-Vodafone credit raiding and we've had plenty of conversations at the rating agencies around that and how our leverage looks in a post- tax reform world. But look, we're in a great position as we demonstrated this quarter. We grew the EBITDA side of the business. And then as we talked about as the benefits of tax reform from a cash basis later this year, we'll see improvements in the debt side of it. So we're on track to improve the leverage and look forward to - not too distant future as we're having that conversation with the agencies about the timing of being in a position to get us back to where we want. But I think if you look historically where our leverage ratios were on an adjusted basis, when you adjust for the sellco ownership, you have a fair idea of where we're trying to get to. So there is a few points of turn to go, but not a massive amount.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. We continue to be very excited about the opportunities that 5G has. I don't think in the U.S. we've seen people pulling back from 5G at all. In fact, I think you have seen a lot of very bullish commentary. So we will be launching the residential broadband later this year. We're on track with that. Certainly happy to have the assets in place to do that, whether that be - what we've done with the network over the past few years, as we have densified the network, putting more fiber out there, which really pre-positions us to deploy 5G, gaining the 28 and 39 gigahertz spectrum that puts us in a position to be ready to deploy when the equipment ready from the OEM. So we are very bullish about 5G. We think there's tremendous upside, whether that be residential broadband, whether it be mobility. Really the most exciting pieces as you get into the new use cases that don't exist on the current technologies around IoT, B2B type applications. So we are full steam ahead on our 5G deployment.
Matthew Ellis: Good morning, Brett. So I don't see us having a massive acceleration in CapEx. As you heard, we reiterated our guidance for 2018. That guidance of 170 to 178 [ph] is the same range of actual spending we've had over the past four years. So what investors should have grown accustomed to seeing for Verizon is consistent total capital spend on a disciplined methodical manner. But the items within that spend evolve over time as the technologies evolve. So this year we've already started spend on 5G. The spend on those three to five initial launch city's began earlier this year, so that's ongoing. You should expect to see spend in additional cities be underway by the end of the year, so that we're in a position to launch additional geographies in 2019. But that's within our current CapEx guidance. And as we look forward, we continue to believe that we can deploy the network within the typical range. If we see an opportunity to accelerate because of the market, we're not afraid to do so, but it will be based off of the opportunity we have in the marketplace. But this really comes back to the design of the network over the past few years, by identifying the 4G network we've put a lot of the infrastructure in place that we need to deploy 5G, especially using millimeter wave spectrum. So we don't see this as being a massive uptick. This is not the same thing as when we adopted 4G and went from a CDMA based 3G network to the 4G LTE network. This is a very different network rollout. And I think you will see that in the CapEx as we go forward. So look, as you mentioned the different revenue buckets. We're very comfortable that certainly the mobility bucket gives us the opportunity to deepen our relationship with our existing customer base and look to grow that base. Residential broadband is an existing market that we have opportunity to grow share in. And then the new use cases at lower latency and higher throughputs and the ability to connect many, many more device is to each individual node will create significant upside as well. But this is a multi-use asset that we think will have a strong return over time.
Matthew Ellis: It's the same deployment. I mean, we are not building a 5G network for residential broadband and a different 5G network for mobility. We are deploying a 5G network that will have multiple revenue streams off of it. So we're very excited about the ability to do that. And in addition to have a multiple revenue streams, we are using a lot of existing assets we have in the field already today.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. I mean, certainly it has evolved over time, but it is very consistent with what we've said earlier this year, at this point in time as we look at the ecosystem, we're very comfortable with the approach of making sure we have distribution rights to digital content. And you saw that with the NFL deal, the NPA deal, and I would expect to see us continue to add to that portfolio of digital rights, to distribute across various Yahoo platforms, other platforms as we go forward. So look the content space is evolving rapidly. And we think the best approach for us at this point in time is to be the independent distributor of rights out there. And we're very comfortable that we will be very effective doing that. So, no major change in terms of our approach from when we spoke on the earnings call 90 days ago.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. I would certainly say not at this time. When we look at the landscape out there, its evolving very fast. And I am not going to say never on anything, but I look at it right now in a foreseeable future, I don't see that being the right time to jump in. So we are pursuing the strategy that we've discussed. We're going to continue to add content to the Oath platforms, bring some of that content across our other distribution, whether that's wireless or Fios and we think there is significant runway to that strategy and we'll continue to monitor the broader ecosystem.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah, absolutely. So look, I will tell you we have seen significant increase in data usage. As we move to unlimited, as expected. We also saw a change in where that usage was taking place, as the busy hour of the day changed, and also the geography where that changed. So we've seen that increase level off. We are still seeing year-over-year increases, but not the same levels that we saw after we launched unlimited. And it's got back to more normal growth rates. But you asked about what we're seeing in terms of quality across the network. And I just come back to all of the own data that we use ourselves from testing our network and others out there and what we see from third parties. And our network continues to be the standard by which all others are measured. And that has continued to be the case even after we launched a 5G. So when we launched 5G we said that we had spent a good amount of time making sure that the network was ready for it. I believe the performance over the past 12 months has demonstrated the fantastic job that our network team has done, meaning, as we moved into an unlimited world and we saw data usage increase, we continued to deliver the high quality of service that people expect from us. So I expect that to fully continue. But the network is performing incredibly well and we continue to add capacity. And so we're in great shape there. Your first question around cost cutting. So 200 million approximately so far this year. As we continue to move forward, will have additional savings kick in as well. Certainly the ones that require deeper amount of process change will come in later in the quarter of the program than some of the other ones. But we - you should see it more back end loaded. I think it will be reasonably even throughout '18 and then you will see some of the structural changes kick into a greater degree over the back half of the four-year program. But we're very encouraged by what we've seen so far, but we really just started and there's a long way to go.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. Good morning, So Look, I'd like to tell you, I have seen a significant change in the level of demand from our enterprise customers. But look it's really too early. I think if we look at it from our own IT department, they were not immediate because we got tax reform turning around and doing significant changes in their IT spend and their telco spend. So we'll see if that picks up as the year goes on, but nothing significant in the trajectory so far in that group. In terms of the cadence through the year, I think we said on the last call that we expected Oath to be down seasonally or sequentially from 4Q to 1Q just with the seasonal change in advertising volumes, and we certainly saw that, the results came in as we expected. So really from this point forward, we should expect to see a sequential improvement from what we saw in the first quarter, really for two reasons. One, you just got the seasonality impact that builds throughout the year. And then secondly, we're getting the underlying platforms integrated between the legacy AOL, the legacy Yahoo platforms. And so when advertisers come into our business going forward, they can come in thorough one platform rather than the multiple platforms they come through today. So as we get the rest of that integration work completed, it will make us easier to do business with them, we think that will show up in the results. But that's an ongoing exercise, and I don't think we'll really start to see that until really the back end of the year. And so as we head into '19 where the momentum should be significantly different than it is today. So hopefully that gives you a little insight there.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. We have the scale today. That was why the Yahoo acquisition made so much sense. It got us to around a billion monthly active users. So now the challenge for the business is to deepen the relationship with those customers. Look, if we grow the number of monthly active users, that's great. I'd be very happy to do so. But the biggest opportunity for us is to deepen the relationship we have with those consumers. We do that by bringing additional compelling content such as NFL, NPA across those assets. And you saw what we did with those properties, and more to come there. And then once you use content like that to get them on the platform, you have other content there that keeps them on the platform. And when we keep them on the platform, that gives us the opportunity to increase the attractiveness to our advertising partners. So you will see us focused on increasing the engagement with the base that we have, but we have the scale that we need to be successful in that business.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. So, good morning, Craig. Look, I'm not going to comment on any specific M&A rumors. That's not been our policy and I'm not going to start now. But let's talk about content in M&A in general. So I have commented already this morning that we've certainly are comfortable with the approach that we have around content across the Oath platforms and other parts of our business. And we are very focused on executing against that. M&A to us is tool to help execute our strategy. If M&A allows us to accelerate the execution of our strategy at a value that provides a return, is something we look at. But it has to be consistent with the strategy and it has to have value. We don't operate in a vacuum. Lowell and I have to be aware of activity and opportunities around us and we have an obligation to make sure we understand those. So we keep an eye on everything going on in the ecosystem. But when we do M&A, it's because it fits with the strategy. And if you look at the past year, the only significant transactions we did, whether Yahoo, XO and Straight Path, they very clearly accelerate our strategy, whether that be around adding the necessary scale to our media assets as we just talked about just a couple of minutes ago, or pre-positioning our networks for being continuing the excellence in 4G world and also being in a position to succeed in 5G, whether that's adding fiber through XO or adding the spectrum assets through XO and Straight Path. We put ourselves in a position where we are in a - where we can execute our strategy and compete and generate value for shareholders over the long-term. So I wouldn't necessarily want to prioritize what's the most interesting thing for us to look at. We are very comfortable executing our strategy on a mostly organic basis, if the right opportunities come up, we take a look at them. The vast majority of things we look at don't create value and therefore we pass on them because that's the responsible thing to do to create long-term value. The strength in the balance sheet is important to us. The position in the business for long-term future growth that creates value for shareholders is also very important. And I think we've balanced those things very well over the past few years, and I expect to continue to do so
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. So let me answer the last one first there. I mean, yes, certainly our service revenue includes all service revenues related to connectivity to our network, whether that be our post-paid, whether that be prepaid, or MVNO. Those service revenues that we generate from operating the network. But I would not so say that any of those pieces fit them. And within the wholesale side of our business, in addition to the MSOs obviously TracFone's there by far the biggest part of that business for us to date. But look, when you look at why we got there this quarter, I think it's predominately because of our post-paid business continues to do well. You see continued to add 220,000 smartphones. The network continues to perform well, churn is very low, and that is driving the service revenue trajectory. As we described last year, we continued to add connections to our account, continue to deepen the relationship with our base, and that allows us to continue to grow the post-paid component of service revenue.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So look, as these services have started, it's pretty much been as expected in terms of the volumes that we've seen. So I would expect there to be continued competition in the marketplace. I think some of the activity you saw in the first quarter is a result of that, and I think that you saw we had a disciplined approach to that activity in the quarter. And you should expect that to continue. We will be very focused on maintaining our high quality base of customers, and we will do the things that we need to in a responsible fashion to do so. But look, anytime you add the additional players to the space, that has the opportunity to increase competitiveness, but that's baked into our plans for the year. In the grand scheme of overall volumes, the amounts of activity coming from the new in MVNO's is still relatively small and we would expect it to be that way. But look, as they get traction that will bring in more traffic to our network that we can monetize as well. So we're happy with that side of the equation too.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. So, thanks. We can launch 5G mobility on our existing assets. And - but as we look forward, we have over our history continue to add spectrum to our overall portfolio. If there's opportunities to do so at a reasonable price, we would certainly do so again. But we are comfortable that we can launch 5G mobility with the assets we have. 5G mobility will be initially very much heavily focused on urban areas. And we have the assets in place there, and we will be ready to launch that as soon the OEMs of handsets available with 5G chipsets in them.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Scott. So look, we have participated in numerous spectrum auctions over the years. And there is also been auctions that we've either chosen not to participate in or that we have participated only in certain areas, such as the AWS [indiscernible] auction. We are very comfortable with the spectrum assets that we own as we move into the 5G world. But at the right price, spectrum is interesting. But as you've seen on 4G, there are multiple ways for us to add capacity to our network. And weather that be densification, whether that be more spectrum or weather that be deploying the evolving technologies, we take advantage of all of those things, and we look to add capacity. And overall, the service that our customers get, at the cheapest possible way, and over time that's evolved. But we will certainly take a look at any auction that comes up, and if it makes sense for us to participate, we will. And if it doesn't, then we'll - we have other avenues to continue to deploy our networks and meet the needs of our consumers. On Oath, as you talk about the margin profile there, as they add to the revenue base, we should see the margin profile of that business improve, certainly in the latter part of this year, and then as you get into '19 and '20. But the capital intensity of that business is very different from our network businesses. And so you should expect a different margin profile there, certainly lower than you see within wireless. But when you net out the lower capital intensity with the margin profile, the intent is to certainly have a compelling return on investment.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Mike. Look on the cable - the type of customers, I don't think we're seeing anything particular there in terms of being one type of customer or another. But I'll let the cable guys give you more color on that as they see fit. The usage that we're seeing from those customers is as expected. So you know, nothing significantly different from what we see from the rest of that base. You asked about the competitive landscape, and look, so we had 220,000 positive smartphone adds. Phones overall were slightly negative, but that's not unusual for first quarter. We've seen that the past few years and I think when you see the year as a whole, you see that become positive as momentum builds through the year. I see no reason to believe that this year will be any different. We will be measured and disciplined in terms of our promotional response to the marketplace. But we've been very successful at maintaining our base. You see the churn numbers again very strong four quarters in a row at 0.80 or better. So we are maintaining that base. We deepen our relationship with our base in terms of the number of connections. And then we certainly look to add new accounts. And I think we've been successful doing that. We have more accounts now than we had a year ago. And when you are increasing the number of accounts and you're increasing the connectivity with existing accounts, that's a good approach and we will continue to be focused on doing that and growing revenues and growing margins. So that nothing really changes in 2018 as we think about how we're going to approach the wireless market.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. Look, as you see the elongation in the ownership cycle, you're going to see that - you know, the fact we have 81% of the base on unsubsidized pricing, but only about 49% have an active loan. As people pay off the device and they keep their devices longer than just two years, I expect you know to see that delta in that number. We've seen some level of BYOD, but that has leveled off over the past couple of quarters but we expect that to continue to be part of that delta as well. But it's actually been a pretty stable relationship over the past two or three quarters as we've largely completed the transition of the base from subsidy to the device payment model.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Brady. I'd like to close the call with a few key points. During the first quarter we achieved solid financial and operational performance in a competitive marketplace. We started the year with strong momentum in our business and expect the trend to continue as we progress throughout the year. We remain confident in our strategy and priorities led by investing in our networks, creating platforms to further monetize data usage, maintaining a discipline capital allocation model and creating value for our customers and shareholders. We are positioning the company for long-term growth and taking advantage of the full array of opportunities in the 5G era, which is now upon us as we move into the next cycle of growth in the industry. We are confident in our ability to execute our strategy and focused on building the best network for the future to produce long-term value. Thank you, for your time today.
