Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. Let me sum this up in a couple of easy buckets. First of all, our strategy is unchanged. Our focus is clear. We're going to accelerate our multi-purpose network strategy, including the C-Band that were required. We're going to focus on amplify and accelerate the five vectors of growth. And we're going to see with that that we're going to deliver on our 2021 commitments both operationally and financially.  And as I said earlier, I feel really good about our position and the team that I have that they will deliver on that.  With that, I hand it over to Brady. 
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Simon. Yes, we had good Fios quarter again. I mean, overall, I think the broadband is in demand and our high-quality Fios, of course, a great opportunity for us to expand on them. We – I think personally, that this will continue. The demand for broadband will continue. We are just starting a total revolution of using technology, which is scalable and sustainable in the post era of the COVID. So - and we are great position. And that also is going to help me tremendously when we come with 5G Home or millimeter wave and C-Band and all that because we know how to deal with home broadband. And that is an advantage we have to any others that is trying to do fixed wireless access and we've been on to it for a long time.  And as we saw as well, now we're up to over 30 markets with 5G Home, I mean, adding some 20 very recently. So, we're on fire on this right now. We have a very big belief in our 5G Home. And then, later the year, when C-Band comes, we're going to add even more coverage on that. And all is embedded in our work with the ecosystem from the from the beginning and how we have developed our own IPRs on how to do self-install, how to do all the sort of grids when it comes to millimeter wave and having a great opportunity to see that our customer gets a fantastic service.  So, all in all, this is a full package that we are bringing to the market in order to have a full scale broadband for the country. I think it's absolutely the right moment. But don't forget, on the business side as well, we now - it's called 5G Internet on the business side. We are using the same methodology. We are doing the scaling on the same platforms and we address another market with it. It goes back to a strategy that we had for all the time. We have a network service and we scale it with different customers. And that scale will help us with growth. But it also means that with the platform thinking we have, that will fall to the bottom line. And if you see in this quarter, all three units are growing and we're bringing it to all to bottom line and we still have more to do. And - but we know how to do it and we'll have the model. 
Hans Vestberg: First of all, I can only say that we are on to a false start on the C-Band. It's only some six weeks ago since we can start to talk to our employees, we could talk to the partners, we can talk to the satellite companies, our suppliers [indiscernible]. We have already ordered half of the equipment. We have made agreement with the tower cos. We have talked to the satellite companies that has reaffirmed that they believe that they can clear this first tranche of the spectrum in third quarter and fourth quarter. And we actually made a press release yesterday that we're now starting deploying C-Band as well, and that's six weeks. So, the technology was on fire to make this happen.  And as said when we had our investor day, we said that we worked with the date we got from the FCC because we hadn't talked to anybody. Right now, this is the best dates we have. And of course, we are pushing as much as possible to see that we get this up for our customers as soon as possible in order to get a great experience.  And then flowing that over to the to the phone question. I think that we have seen a great uptake on 5G phones and unlimited premium. And as Matt said, in the quarter, over 20% of the unlimited new customers took unlimited premium. That tells you there's a lot of value in it and a lot of 5G in it. And with the new promo that Matt talked about, we believe that is going to also drive 5G. So, we believe that what we have in the market right now will continue to grow the 5G base. And as said, this is going faster than what we saw in 4G. So, we will continue to monitor, of course. But we see a good uptake on it.  And we can also add that, when it comes to the iPad that have been just recently launched, it's also another addition of mmWave and how that comes into the whole ecosystem. So, again, we feel good about the uptake and we feel good about the line of products we have. And we have the promo supporting it. So, that's going to also make it go well together with the C-Band deployment coming later this year. 
Hans Vestberg: I think on the enterprise side, of course, we have some opportunities with the fiber. But remember, our priorities was clear. It's getting fiber to our 4G and our 5G network. That's really where we can get the most bang for the buck. And then we do [indiscernible] enterprise when we have them.  On the small and medium, that's going to take some time. That's what I said before. But now, when we have the 5G Internet, we will actually have fixed wireless access, we have a really good product for small and medium businesses. So, some possibility on enterprise, but they are also still to come. As was said, it's more focused on building the network with fiber, right, so we can see that our customer gets the experience that they need to have when it comes to our exceptionally great 5G with mmWave and C-Band.
Hans Vestberg: I just want to reiterate on the Verizon Media Group again. If we go back to where we started the strategy in 2018, we reset the business plan and we start to cut costs, then we reshaped all the products all the way from the owned and operated. And all the OO brands, we combined the ad platform. The work has been immense by the Verizon Media Group team. And now we see sort of the fruits of that hard work with growth in two consecutive quarters with double digits. So, I just want to shout out to the team that this was the plan we set and they are actually delivering on the plan. So, I think we have a great future with these guys. They have clearly a good product portfolio. And digital is going to be important in the future. So by that, I think we're in a good position. 
Hans Vestberg: No. And I just want to agree with Matt. I think the structural changes on the platform thinking and using – making the network with the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network, some of those benefits we haven't even seen yet even with those investments are done. But also, the new structure we have in the group, we have the three strong CEOs running their businesses, has also unveiled much more efficiencies than we have seen before and how they run it. So, I agree with Matt. This is part of our governance constantly to see that we find more efficiencies because that means that we can be even stronger in the market and having the best cost structure for us is important.
Hans Vestberg: I cannot go into details of any commercial agreements we have. But what I can say is that, we feel good about our network-as-a-service strategy where we have our value – our own sort of premium brand with Verizon. We have the MVNOs addressing a certain part and then we have the Visible and all of that. That's the whole idea. And for us this is accretive. We have a good relationship with our MVNO partners. We see them as enterprise customers, but we also see that this is accretive to us because we have all these. Nobody in the market has the same opportunity as we have to play all the way from our premium Verizon, which you heard Matt and me talk about, how we migrate and we're doing it in a great job, Ronan and team. And then we also have the MVNO partners bringing in customers and revenue and the best return on investment. And ultimately, we start building new markets with Visible and later on this year with TracFone and then we have an unparalleled position to anyone else in the market to be growing.  So, I feel good about it. I feel good about the relationship with the MVNOs. We treat them as an important enterprise customers and we will continue to do so.
Hans Vestberg: I think everything we said from the beginning is holding true. The process is continuing as expected. And as I said, this is a second half of 2021 event when this is going to be approved. So, it's progressing as expected. We don't believe it's going to be earlier. We think it's going to be somewhere in the third quarter, which we said also when we announced it. So, we will give an update when we know more about it. Just a couple of different events still there. But again, it's progressing as we expected from the beginning.
Hans Vestberg: Our capital allocation priorities are the same as we said before. Number one, we invest in our business and I think we've been very clear what we're investing right now and the CapEx and the incremental CapEx for the C-Band.  Then, secondly, we have clearly outlined we're going to put our Board in the position to continue to grow the dividend. Matt and I feel really confident about that.  And then, thirdly is to do as we did after the Vodafone acquisition, to come down again to pre-Vodafone, we call that pre-COVID or pre-C-Band right now, because we want the change here, or a little bit fashionist, so we're doing that. And we see a great moment for that and we have basically a plan for that, given how we're going to generate growth and cash flow over the years. And as Matt outlined when we spoke about this last time, four to five years is what we believe is going to take us to get there. So, that's what we have in play right now and no other things are included or no other new updates neither.  So, we are just happy with the first quarter where we generated very good cash, which means that the first quarter is in there for us to start doing our work to get back to the pre-C-Band sort of financial metrics.
Matthew Ellis: No, I think you touched on the key points, Hans. The only other thing I'd add is you mentioned the strong momentum coming out of margin to the quarter. You add that with the promotion that we put in place at the start of the month that we think is an innovative promotion that's addressing a customer pain point that nobody else has addressed in the past. We're seeing good traction on that in the early days of that. So, certainly feel good about the momentum heading into the quarter on the volume side. When you add that in with the financial performance we saw in the first quarter, it was set up nicely for 2Q and the rest of the year.
Matthew Ellis: Still just to follow-on on that, it is part of, as Hans mentioned previously, about building the network once and then monetizing it different ways. Just as we talk about with wireless and 5G, monetizing it in different ways, with the fiber, we have the same opportunity too. So, once you – as you're lighting up those cell sites, when you go past an enterprise building, the opportunity to go in there and have more customers or enterprise customers on net rather than paying a third-party access absolutely is an opportunity for us to create incremental return on that investment in fiber. So, again, another example of multi-use network.
Matthew Ellis: Look, I'm incredibly proud of the team's efforts over the past three plus years now as we've really lent in on identifying ways to continue to make us more efficient and maintain our position having the best cost structure in the industry, which we think is going to continue to be important going forward, obviously. In terms of your first question, there is a split between both CapEx and P&L items behind the $10 billion. It's roughly even between those two, where you see that come from. So on the CapEx side, that means we've been able to do more deployments for the same amount of money than we would have done previously. That's allowed us to do some of the things across the network as we continue to transform the network not just in deploying 5G, but also the Intelligent Edge Network transformation going on, the One Fiber that's the backbone in there as well. That's going to give us benefits for years to come as a result of some of the efficiencies. And then, on the P&L side, some of those have helped contribute to the bottom line, but some of them have also allowed us to reinvest in the business, so that we can continue to be competitive in the marketplace, continue to bring new promotions and so on to our consumers and you see the value of us doing that. And in terms of the pace going forward, just because we've hit the target doesn't mean we slow down. We will have continuous improvement going forward here. The team has got good momentum. And the great news is, we didn't coast to the finish line here, we ran through the finish line, we accelerated through the tape. There is a lot more opportunities for us. Obviously, the last year has identified even more items for us. So, as we go forward, we will continue to increase the efficiency of the business both on the income statement and also from a capital side as well. So, a lot more to come.
Matthew Ellis: As we go forward here, obviously, over the past three, four years, as we looked at the opportunities ahead of us, this was a major opportunity. So that's how we gave a very specific target. As I mentioned, we will continue to work with this. It will be obviously inherent in our targets. But as I think about the biggest opportunities ahead of us over the next three to four years, they are around growth. Everything we're doing with 5G and all the other parts of our business. So, that's why the targets that we gave at the Investor Day were all about growth, whether that be how quickly we're going to deploy the C-Band that we got, continuing to build out mmWave, the total addressable market for 5G Home, for MEC, and then the revenue growth that we talked about over the next five years. We will obviously continue to drive cost savings and efficiencies throughout the business. But the biggest opportunities for us going forward here when we look at everything in front of us is driving top line growth and we're very excited about pursuing those.
Matthew Ellis: Yeah. I would agree with everything that Hans said. Look, the idea of bundled pricing for customers, when we introduced Share Everything Plans back in 2012, so it's something we've been doing for a long time. It makes a lot of sense. As Hans said, we're glad to have the traffic on our network and it just gives us another opportunity to monetize the network in multiple different ways.
Matthew Ellis: No. I think, look, the team has done a great job over the past 12 months. Remember, we closed this transaction during the pandemic. So, the ability to integrate and so on, we've done it all virtually and remotely. And so, a lot of good work going on. And as you mentioned, Tim, we see an opportunity for us to broaden the offerings that we have with our enterprise customers and seeing good traction there. So, I think they've done everything we expected to do at this point.
Matthew Ellis: Hans, building on that, the leverage is – no change since the Investor Day. Good first quarter results. As you think about the revenue targets we've given for the five years, certainly on track there. The only other balance sheet update I'll give you is just on the cash balance. We've obviously had that elevated level since the start of the pandemic. Given the progress we've seen since the start of the first quarter in terms of the vaccination rates in this country and then also the stimulus getting past, we didn't know if that was going to happen or not. And now having the auction behind us, we do think that there is the opportunity for us to start moving cash to what was closer to something of pre-pandemic level. So, now that we've got all those things done. And as we get into the second quarter here, we'll start work on that.
Matthew Ellis: Absolutely happy with the free cash flow performance in the first quarter. Obviously, working capital was part of the benefit in there. And as we look at that, there is a couple of things going in different directions. As we saw the increase in equipment volumes, we saw the device payables, the receivables related to that increase. As you would expect, that was a benefit on cash flow last year. We said that would be a headwind this year – hope to be a headwind this year. Absolutely saw that. Offsetting that a little bit was the volumes that we saw in March helped inventory levels, but also we saw really good customer payments in the month of March too as those stimulus payments hit. So, as I think about cash flow for the rest of the year, I would expect the device receivables to continue to be a little bit of a headwind as those return to a more normal level after the lower volumes last year. And then, obviously, we don't have cash tax payments in the first quarter. Those come through the final three quarters of the year. And as we mentioned, we had a couple of favorable items in there last year. So, still feel good obviously about where cash flow is going to play out. So, no update on our year-end leverage target at this point, but really nice to have a strong first quarter in the bank. In terms of the fixed wireless access subscribers, as those expand, we'll start to disclose them. In terms of where the revenue shows up, you're seeing that show up in service revenue as Fios broadband does today. So, that's where the revenue will show up in the income statement.
Matthew Ellis: No, no, no. Not the same. Fios revenue show up in service revenue. So, on the same fixed wireless access will also show up as service revenue. And then…
Matthew Ellis: On the Consumer margins, I think we've historically produced very good margins across the business there and I'd expect that to continue going forward. As you identified, there is always a number of puts and takes out there as we move forward, and certainly, Fios is performing very well and is contributing nicely to that. But as you also rightly pointed out, equipment volumes were up significantly year-over-year. And obviously, that increases the denominator in the margin calculation without really increasing the numerator. So, you've got a number of different puts and takes. You'll have the ongoing impacts of building out the network in there as well. But we feel very good about the margins that we'll have for the rest of the year within Consumer, very much in line with what you would expect. And then, certainly, the seasonality showing up in the fourth quarter with the seasonal volumes that you would expect to see over the course of the holiday period. So, it's certainly to continue to be on track to give the – to meet the EPS guidance we have for the year, Consumer margins need to be a strong contributor to that and I expect they'll be. In terms of stimulus benefits, as I think I mentioned in the comment about working capital, we're seeing very good payment patterns from consumers at this point. And that's where I think we'll see the vast majority of any benefit show up. So, those payments were very strong in the first quarter, and I suspect the stimulus bills had something to do with that. But it means that our consumers are in very good shape as compared to where they otherwise might have been given the impacts of the pandemic going into the second quarter and we feel good about the outlook for the rest of the year ahead of us.
