Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. Let me just quickly summarize where we are. I think we are in a moment where we are executing against our strategy in a really good way and we are creating the opportunities for our growth that we are aspiring for.  And let me start with the 5G. There are so many things we have done in the last three months and into this quarter that is really paving the way for our best network and for our customers to enjoy this tremendous opportunity to be on 5G. When it comes to strength in our core, new partners are important for ecosystem, but we are also looking to new segments.  You heard me talking about the 5G mobile edge compute that we continue with, but also ambition to acquiring TracFone to see that our network and service is really the fundamental strategy that we can monetize on top of and see that we continue to be the leader in this market.  Finally, new revenue model, many of them were being discussed, but clearly we see new opportunities especially in the Business group with 5G mobile edge compute also based on what’s happening with healthcare and education and we are taking care of some of them already, but more opportunities coming with partners that we have announced this quarter, but also important in the future.  So, all in all, a very good quarter. I think we are in a very strong position to continuing the fourth quarter and into 2021 as we are executing on our strategy.  With that, I hand it back to Brady for the Q&A.
Hans Vestberg: We’ll have to wait and see how the market develops here over the fourth quarter. I’ll tell you what, I am very excited when you think about having the best network both 4G and building the best 5G network, you add it with the best device portfolio. You add that in with the best value proposition with what you’ve done with, what we’ve done with Mix & Match 3.0. That is an incredible combination.  And so, there is a number of levers available to us. But I’ll tell you what, Brett, I am very happy sitting here today holding the card in my hand that we have and look forward to how the marketplace will develop in the fourth quarter.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you very much. Let me start, and first of all, I mean, our strategy has been consistent over years and when it comes to the Ultra Wideband and the deployment has also been very consistent. And remember, when it comes to the Ultra Wideband, it’s just an unparalleled experience. I mean, you might have seen that yesterday we actually made a test that we come up to 5-Gig right now.  So, this is just giving some totally different experience and that was the whole idea when we started it; we wanted to build something enormously transformative and that’s what we have and that of course is playing into the whole roll out of the iPhone 12, as well, that is all capable of Ultra Wideband.  When it comes to our roll out, I mean, last week we added 19 cities and the majority of the cities where already launched were almost double the size of the footprint. So, we are in an enormously big roll out on ultra wide band. And as we said, five times more base stations this year compared to 2019. I will give you one number.  I mean, the last two months we deployed more radio base stations than we did in entire 2019. That’s the pace we are up to. So we are a footprint this is growing and even though there is no people or spectator in stadiums with the Super App with NFL, what we are doing is of course, we have 5G in the stadiums and we can project that out so you as a user you can get that experience by not being in the stadium with seven screens.  So, I see we are continuing through the transformative things and the whole ecosystem is around us. As you have seen, we are now up to five different sites with Amazon commercially, on the mobile edge compute we are building a lot of great opportunities and transformative business transformations with it. So, we are really excited about it and we can see the consumers are excited about that as well.  But we are augmenting every day and I am extremely happy with our net technology team deploying this together with the fiber we are doing at the same time. So, you will see more and more we are just augmenting the Ultra Wideband network.  And as I just need to also state that, remember, we also launched our nationwide 5G covering more than 200 million people, which is on par or better than our 4G which clearly is the best in the nation as I said, I am not sure how many times I’ve won the RootMetrics, J.D. Power and now we are having that nationwide.  So, we feel really good about our situation when it comes to network and what we can give to our customers.  On the 5G Home, you are right. We are now in eight cities. We have – we are also augmenting of course those cities with Ultra Wideband and we have two more cities before year end. But I said before, I mean, there is no reason why any city that will have mobility and will not be a 5G Home city as well.  And now, with the CPE that we came out with early in the fourth quarter, we also have a very compelling offering, very transformative, with a self-install, with a CPE that is much more powerful than the previous ones, much easier to detect and all of that. So, we feel good about that. That doesn’t change what we have said before when it comes to our revenue trajectory for 5G and different business cases we have.  But what it shows is that we are really in execution mode right now and bringing monetization on top of our 5G investment that we are been on to for the last three, four years or as long as I remember, because I was been in for 2.5 years, because we have all the time been on this strategy. So, I am very pleased with this third quarter.  We have more to do in the fourth quarter, but a lot of things are coming in place for us right now to really talk about our strategy. 
Hans Vestberg: On the broader economy, I mean, I can only say two things. I mean, first of all, I mean, the public sector customers and the large enterprise customers, in general, very high activities. There are, of course, certain large enterprises that are a little bit subdued, because they are industries that are having a very tough times like the airline industry and tourism or transport. So, - but all others, I would say, the activity level is higher than ever. Many are taking the advantage of digitalizations and actually changing the way you are working and this is playing straight into our strategy that we have been deploying for years, both with the technology, but also with the go to market we designed 2 years ago or 1.5 year ago. And finally, I think, the small and medium business, that's where we see the challenge, because we still have companies that have closed down and are waiting to see if they are going to get back. It's not getting worse.  But we still have that concerns for small and medium businesses that are hard to say. So, when I talk around with my colleagues in the industry, the CEOs, they see the same a little bit. We don't know where the small end business will go after this. It depends on how long this economical downturn will be. But we haven't seen a worsening at least lately. So, that's where we are.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, Craig. First of all, as we all know, the large MVNOs in these countries, together with us and we are very happy with that. They are very good customers to us. We have a good relationship with them and they have been taking some share.  And again, it's playing straight into the strategy we designed for two years ago, the Network-as-a-Service to actually monetize the network and the capital spend better than anybody else in this market. I am just happy to see that what's happening. I cannot go into any contractual things we are doing. But, again, we are happy. I guess they are happy, as well. So, that's how it works.
Hans Vestberg: On the first question, first of all I am happy that we have answered all the iPhone questions, because that's an important piece for us, because it was such an important event for us last week. So, thank you for that. On the horizon on investment, they are of course different depending what we are investing. So it's hard to just make an answer.  But clearly, we are trying to monetize as quickly as we can on all the investments we are doing and that's why we are talking so much about monetization right now as we have done quite a lot in the network, all the way from the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network and with all the 5G. And all the 5G use cases that we outlined, the three business cases are now up running commercially. So now it's up to our sales team to sell.  I mean it's Ronan, it's Tami, it's Guru, the three CEOs that now needs to get out with a sales force to sell on it, because Kyle, which is running the technology, has bumped this network up to something that we have never seen before. So, that's how I see it. So, it's really execute right now.
Hans Vestberg: As we outlined, I think already 2018 when it comes to 5G Home and mobility, we would start seeing something in 2021 and then, the 5G Mobile Edge Compute is for 2022. That's what we said already, I think at the Investor Day at 2018 or 2017. So, we stick to that and we'll execute on it and this team they are phenomenal group of executives I have here in Verizon.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. On the fixed wireless access customers, as I said, we have now two offerings in the market. We have one, which is 4G and then, of course, we have the 5G which is a big push for us. We have said we're going to address 30 million households over the five to eight years.  That's where we – what we are addressing and hopefully, not hopefully, our ambition is to take a fair market share of that one as we've done with the Fios. So, that's what we're pushing for and our team is always geared to do better than the expectations. So, of course, we are pushing them hard. And as we are releasing more and more sites and more and more homes for sale, we're going to start reporting it.
Hans Vestberg: It is a step change. I will say, it's clearly a step change when it comes to both the self-install, but also how much more we can cover with that CPE, because it's bringing so much more of the signal, compared – remember, the first CPE we had was basically smartphone chipset sitting in the CPE. That's what we had. So basically, we had a smartphone being the CPE.  This is catered for being indoor or outdoor CPE and as we have reported before, we have a lot of indoor installations right now, because this is working very well. So, it is a step change and mainly because we can address so many more households from one radio base station. That's the importance of it.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. And Brett, thanks for the question. So as I look at the promos we have around the iPhone right now, the overall construct isn’t very different from what we had previously. Some of the details are obviously changed from promo to promo, but this construct is very similar to what we’ve done for the past few years really since we’ve been in an unlimited world.  So, we are certainly expecting to see good customer take rates. We expect that to drive step-ups as we get more customers on unlimited and expect that we are very focused on driving value accretive growth across the customer base and developing long-term relationships with our customers and the promos we put in place right now are very consistent with that methodology that we’ve had for many years now. 
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Phil. So, starting with the first question on the fourth quarter range. So, when you look at, at what are you thinking about the momentum coming out of the third quarter and the momentum that’s built in the third quarter with customer volumes improving as we are with the store service revenue back to growth, step-ups driving that.  The move to 3.0, I’ll tell you within the service revenue growth of 0.3%, it improved throughout the quarter. The number was better in August and July and it was better in September than it was in August. So, good momentum coming into the fourth quarter. The best Fios growth number that we had in almost six years. So a lot of positives across the company as we come into 4Q.  And then, as you come into the quarter, not just the iPhone launch, but 5G nationwide. A lot of exciting things going on.  So, when you look at the year-to-date EPS number, we are up a penny on a year-to-date basis and so we feel very confident with the momentum we have coming into the quarter that we will ultimately have accretive EPS for the year as a whole even with the impacts of COVID in there and the accounting headwinds you heard from Brady and everything else. So, it gives us a really good place to finish the year and jump off into 2021.  On the customer payment trend side, again, very, very pleased with what we’ve seen from customers on the stay connected program that we’ve put Keep American Connected customers into at the beginning of 3Q. But payments have been in line with what we expected. We have a very experienced collections process. We have the best quality base of customers in the industry and you see that come through in the churn results.  As we get into the fourth quarter, you’ll start to see the small percentage of those customers that are still struggling with the payments get all the way through the collections process and a very modest uptick in involuntary churn. But I still expect involuntary churn to be below last year on a full year basis which speaks to the testament of the work our team does and the quality of the customers that we have. 
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. So, John, on the service revenue growth, so, certainly the migrations to unlimited are part of it. But if you look at the improvement quarter-over-quarter and I know there is a lot of focus on the Consumer side, but I'd be remiss not to point out the improvement on the Business, side as well. Business service revenue increased from 3.1% growth in 2Q to 4.9% in 3Q largely in public sector and small medium business.  And as good as our market share is in Consumer, it's even better in the Business segment. So that continues to be a driver of service revenue. But within the Consumer side, certainly continued migrations to unlimited and as we continue to add value to the proposition, which you saw us do with Mix & Match 3.0, we continue to see more customers migrate over and not just migrating over, but more customers are migrating over to the upper tiers of unlimited, as well. We see more of our new accounts taken unlimited than we've ever seen. And we think there is continued opportunities within the base to migrate people over and step them up further. So, good trajectory on service revenue and headroom for even more to come. On the EPS guide, you are right. We feel good about where we'll be in the fourth quarter here and you see that in the guide and as you think about the iPhone promos, while certainly we think those are value creative for us. I'd also draw your attention to, especially on the Consumer side how the accounting of those promos under the 606 accounting standard.  The - a large part of those promo cost will be amortized over the next 2.5 years or so, rather than hitting the income statement upfront. So, from a 4Q standpoint, the iPhone promos are more of a working capital issue than they are an EPS issue.  But as we think about the forward view, that's hopefully baked in and feel very good about where we should be in the current quarter and the jump-off point into 2021 and even with an increase in volumes coming through year-over-year, we expect to be accretive on EPS for the full year.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Hey, Simon. Thanks for the question. I'll take the Fios one, first. So, with a lot of great effort by the teams during the quarter and what you really have is a fantastic product and a fantastic team putting out there and you see the results. So 144,000 net adds on internet in the quarter was our best in almost six years. There was a little bit of impact from working through the backlog from Q2.  But I can tell you, even without that backlog impact, we'd have been significantly north of 100,000. So, it's – well, that was a factor, it wasn't the driving factor. The driving factor is the quality of the product, which customers' value now more than ever and combined with the Mix & Match product that we brought – the pricing proposition that we brought into Fios from wireless in the early part of this year.  And when you brought those things together, we are seeing great results. So strong demand has continued into October and I would expect we will see normal level of seasonality in 4Q, where we see a little bit of a drop-off in overall industry volumes and as you get toward the holiday season, but great to see us taking share again, in the Fios world.  And again it's just the combination of both the great product and you put it together with the Mix & Match construct. And it's really resonating in the marketplace. So, and then, I think we still have room to grow there with a good amount of customers still with the opportunity to step up to a gigabit speeds.
Matthew Ellis: Craig, thanks for the question. I think the only thing I can say to that, I feel very good about our expectation for gross additions going into the fourth quarter. We got the right combination of the best network, the great handsets out there, the right customer propositions. I think, we'll do very well from a gross addition standpoint here in 4Q.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Hey, Mike. So, as you think about the $0.05 COVID impact in the quarter, down significantly from second quarter, obviously $0.14 down to $0.05 and we saw an improvement both on the wireless fees, especially on the usage side and also the media revenues. But within the $0.05, the biggest item right now that's contributing to that is travel, travel pass and roaming revenues.  So, most of the $0.05 impact is in the service revenue line in the income statement. We think the number will be a little less than that in the 4Q and continue to decline as we go forward. But obviously, travel pass will be a – will be an ongoing headwind for some time here. As you think about the cost-cutting, you said we are in the homestretch. I am not sure I agree with that statement. We are certainly close to the $10 billion target. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we are not stopping there and I see tremendous opportunities for us across the business continue to improve the efficiency of our processes and operations and some of the changes that we've made during the course of the pandemic have only shown us additional opportunities that are ahead of us. So, we'll get to the $10 billion and then we'll just keep on going. And then, finally, the importance of the content bundle as you mentioned, the teams are always looking at the right way to bring the best value proposition to our customers and we are in a unique position given the size of our customer base and the quality of our customer base. We are very much the partner of choice for a lot of content providers.  We are very happy to have bring the Disney bundle into the 3.0 construct and if we see other ways to bring value to our customers in a way that also brings value to us, we'll certainly continue to look for those. But we are very happy with the pricing constructs and the overall value proposition we have in the marketplace today.
Matthew Ellis: Hi, Doug, on the balance sheet flexibility, I mean, we – our capital allocation model continues to be what we are aiming toward and we are very happy with the progress we've made on the balance sheet. It gives us the flexibility and the agility to pursue opportunities as they come up. As you've seen that even in the course of this year, we've done with BlueJeans, with TracFone, and certainly with the spectrum transactions that have taken place already this year.  So that will continue to be our focus to have that target and we'll get there as quick as we can. But no change to how we are thinking about capital allocation.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Kannan, there is a certain amount of revenue that we get from application providers, but it's not a material part of the overall revenue stream.
