Francis J. Shammo: Jason, so first, let's talk about the Wireless segment on the service revenue. So overall, 6.1%, that was down from 6.6% in the second quarter. Before I get to that explanation, just a couple of things to highlight here. As you mentioned, the retail service revenue from 5.6% to 6.9% and then retail postpaid from 6.2% to 7.2%. And as you recall back in the second quarter, I reiterated that we were on a glide path to accelerate our ARPU growth and our revenue growth into the third quarter, and I continue to see that ramp going into the fourth quarter. Now as far as service revenue goes, we did have a $61 million decline in wholesale and other, and the majority of this was all related to the Alltel properties and that traffic moving off of our network. So as far as going forward, that traffic's gone. But just keep in mind that, that revenue stream is less than 4% of our total revenue, so it really has no impact on the bottom line per se. And that's why we're focused in on the entire postpaid base area. Now as far as Wireline goes, what I would say is that when you consider the storms and all that and then from a perspective of the backlog that we have both on the FiOS side and also the Enterprise side, this leads into what will continue into the fourth quarter. And I think we've been very clear that both Lowell and I’s objective is to improve the overall profitability and cash flow of the Wireline unit. And what I would say is, is that we will increase the margin in the fourth quarter. I think there will be some echo effect here from the backlog on a top line basis in booking that revenue. Now having said that, Terremark did have an outstanding September, and that revenue will flow in the fourth quarter. So at this point, I think it's too early to tell exactly where we'll end up. We started to recover from the storms on the installations side in the last 3 weeks of the third quarter. FiOS adds actually came in better than we thought. Originally, we thought we would be about a 50% run rate. We came in higher than that. So we're starting to eat into that backlog, and it's a fact of how quickly we can get there.
Francis J. Shammo: John, so thanks for the question on the storms. As you know, this was an experience unprecedented from Hurricane Irene and the Tropical Storm Lee over a very short period of time. And speaking with our operating people, these storms were a really big deal for us. They produced really strong winds, about 20 inches of rain across our entire footprint, damage to our outside network facilities, phone lines. Just to give you an idea of how severe this storm was, we had over 4,000 poles down, which damaged countless cables; 820,000 more dispatches in our core, which was 2x our normal; we had about 254 central offices running off of generator because of power outages. So this storm was extremely significant impact to our normal operating results. Having said that, I think the team has done an unbelievable job in getting the repair and maintenance queue back into a relatively normal position. There's probably a couple of more weeks here, and then we'll be back running very clean there. And as I said, we recovered late in the third quarter from an installation perspective, but there will be some trickle effect here into the fourth quarter, and it's more of a top line issue, I think, in getting this revenue installed and booked and recorded than it is more of an expense issue, although I think there still will be some trickle of overtime into the fourth quarter in getting this back to speed. But the trajectory, I guess the way I would say it is we've been on a very good momentum in improving the overall Wireline margin. We've had a bit of a setback here due to the storm. We'll get back on track. As far as the Wireless margin goes, what I would say there is this goes beyond just less devices sold. This is -- we had a $1.8 billion program at the beginning of the year for Wireless to reduce cost. We're $1.6 billion into that program of savings recorded from logistics and real estate and customer service centers and other things that Wireless has worked on. So it's more just around less devices. It's more around operating the most efficient business in the industry from a Wireless perspective.
Francis J. Shammo: Phil, so let me hit the economy first. I think that overall from an economic impact, we are still seeing some real severe impact in the small business arena, some in the mid-tier. And again, it's not that we're losing more business competitors. That's pretty consistent. What it is, is that the startups have not been created from an economic standpoint. So I think that's where the biggest issue is that we have from an economic standpoint. Now having said that, the Enterprise, if you recall, the first and second quarter, we showed positive growth even when you take out Terremark. This quarter, we showed growth with Terremark, about a 0.5% decrease without Terremark, and that was really more around the backlog of installing the new circuits and the new business because we were really focused on the repairs and maintenance side. So that's going to -- I think we’re going to improve here on the fourth quarter. We'll get quickly back on track, but from an overall Enterprise perspective, it is all around cloud services. So the Terremark asset, our security portfolio, those types of things are going to drive the Enterprise business to where we needed to go. And then overall on EPS, what I'll say is, even given this extraordinary event in the third quarter, we will hit our guidance that we gave in the beginning of the year.
Francis J. Shammo: Simon, as far as the union negotiations go, we continue to speak to the union. It's going like any negotiation goes, so as we said, this was going to be a marathon, not a quick negotiation, and we continue with those negotiations. And at this point, it's too early to tell where we'll come out. We know what we need from a business. We need cost structural change in the Wireline business. It is not sustainable with 100% benefits being paid and 100% pension benefits. So those things have to change. And then there's a lot of work rules and other things that we need to change in order to run our business efficiently and be competitive with the cable companies and our other competitors. So from that perspective, that's about it for the union negotiations. On the fourth quarter charge, it's really too early to tell because the discount rate won't be set until December 31. The return on assets, it really depends on your portfolio compared to what your assumptions were, and at this point, we don't know where we'll end up with that yet. So I think it's premature to tell, but obviously, there will be a mark-to-market adjustment in the fourth quarter. So beyond that, there's really nothing else to disclose until we get to the end of the year and we get to the January call, and we'll make sure that we explain everything that happened during that quarter.
Francis J. Shammo: Well on the $0.07, this was an impact we had to take a charge in the management plan, and it's really around the GAAP settlement accounting charges. So it is what it is from a GAAP perspective, and it's because the lump sum payments exceeded the periodic expense and in GAAP you have to take a settlement charge when that happens, and that happened this year -- during the quarter, I'm sorry.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, so as far as the iPhone 4S goes, we are extremely pleased with our sales. We ran out the first day. We are on allocation from Apple. We continue to be on allocation, and we continue to be in backlog from the first 24 hours. So we're extremely pleased with that. What I will tell you, I'm not going to get into volumes. It's too early in the quarter as to how many phones I'll potentially sell. But what I will say is that the ratio of upgrade and new on the Apple phone has not changed pre and post launch. So we continue to generate that 20% new with around 80% upgrade. So we feel that third quarter performance will continue into our fourth quarter performance. And then from an overall device perspective is that the lead that we have around LTE 4G and the 15 devices including notebooks that we have in that ecosystem is unsurpassed by any competitor. And I think we have a strategic advantage here, and we sold more 4G devices this quarter than we did last quarter. I will tell you that if you look at our Internet devices, about 95% are all now 4G LTE, and that's a big deal for us because that means we are now moving high-end users on MiFi and dongles off of 3G network on to 4G, which obviously frees up spectrum and reduces our capital expense, which you saw here in the third quarter. So we're executing on the strategy that we laid out, and I think we'll have a very successful fourth quarter with our portfolio layout of devices.
Francis J. Shammo: Michael, so from a net debt on Wireless, they have gross debt of $12.5 billion, cash on hand of $9 billion. Net debt is $3.5 billion. On the Wireline side in the non-FiOS areas, obviously, our strategy is to complete the $18 million build for FiOS and transition that. And as you know, we've really concentrated on investing in FiOS and curtailing the investment in the copper network and moving people from copper to FiOS. And that is a big strategic initiative that Lowell has set out for the business to accomplish. Now those lines that are outside that FiOS and outside of any potential of pathing [ph] ever with FiOS, we will continue to be competitive in this area, but I think it's going to be around LTE. We're not going to invest a lot of capital in the copper core network in those outlying areas. But I think we have a strategic bundle that we can go into those households with, give them a better experience than what they're currently having on their DSL line from a bundling of the Wireless portfolio that we have. So that's the strategy that we're going to deploy.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, we are, and you're going to see that come in the fourth quarter with the -- what we now call the cantenna, which is not a commercial name, obviously, but it's the antenna that we actually trialed with DIRECTV, which was extremely successful. And again, the benefit of this antenna is it operates the spectrum extremely efficiently. So if you look at a MiFi card or a dongle, this is very, very efficient, way above those 2 devices, which is why it's critical to have that bundle with that cantenna. So when we launch that, you're going to see us go nationally with that type of an offer.
Francis J. Shammo: David, so first on the intercarrier comp, and I guess I'll lump in the USF here as well, we are fully supportive of the regulatory change the FCC is heading up, not exactly what the industry is looking at but really in the right direction of cutting the access charges immediately and then phasing them out over time. Complete overhaul of the USF cost subsidy, promoting broadband and getting away from the voice subsidy and moving that to broadband, so we are all in favor of that. As far as the intercarrier comp goes, we have been a leader in this industry forcing this issue really from twofold: one, to get a more systematic approach in the entire industry; and then also to really relieve the industry of the fraud and the traffic pumping schemes that are happening with that -- throughout. So from a benefit overall perspective, we are a net payer, so obviously, there will be some benefits. But there will also be some puts and takes within our own portfolio. So if you think about it, Wireline probably won't have a benefit, but Wireless and VZB will. So with each of the individual units, once we determine what the impact of the bill -- of the regulation is and the sizing of that, then we'll have a better understanding of what those benefits are, and we'll share them at that time. As far as the Alltel roaming and then into Sprint, I know there's been a lot of numbers cast out there, but the impact to us is nowhere near the numbers that are being reported. So all I will tell you is this, is that there has to be a lot of execution in order for that to happen. Our revenue is not material at all from Sprint. So I think that there's a lot of numbers being thrown out but not a lot of justification behind the number that's being thrown out, especially from where I sit on my side of the house. So I think we'll just have to wait and see what the execution of that plan is, but I don't think this is a near-term issue.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, Brett, I think I'll reiterate what I said at the beginning of the year. We're going to have peaks and valleys here as phones come and phones go. Obviously, the fourth quarter every year, due to holiday season, we tend to sell more phones. When we sell more phones, our margins will go down, but I think we've proven that even with the initial launch and now into the -- where we are, we have managed both sides of the balance here. We've gone for growth. We are very concentrated on profitability and a free cash flow, so I think we'll wait and see how the fourth quarter comes out. But look, I mean, obviously, we are extremely focused on the profitability and the free cash flow of this business, so we will continue to be disciplined around capital and so forth and deliver what we need to deliver.
Francis J. Shammo: The guidance was $16.5 billion, and I said that we would decelerate in the back half of the year, and we are still right on track to deliver at that $16.5 billion. So if you do the math for the fourth quarter, you'll see that Wireless will be about maybe slightly higher than it was in the third quarter but not much. And Wireline will be right on track, so $16.5 billion is where we'll end up.
Francis J. Shammo: Two things, Mike. I mean, obviously, as we have said and continue to say in the past, when we compete on a paratable [ph] basis, we outperform and have outperformed the entire industry, and we don't think that will change, so we will compete extremely heavily even with the -- another provider getting the Apple iPhone. It doesn't really concern us. We will compete, and when we compete head-to-head, we generally win in that competition. So we'll continue to out-execute where we can and continue to deliver both profits and cash flow. The other thing is, is that if you look at the net adds, I mean, obviously, that speaks for itself, and we believe that, that will continue into the fourth quarter. Now as far as customers on the 4 -- the Apple 4 and the 4S, no, what we're seeing is that, as you know, the Apple 4 can be upgraded with software to almost get to almost 95% of what the S has in it. Now it's a long process to get that software upgrade in the phone, but 4 customers have come in and asked for the upgrade, and that's how we're handling that.
Francis J. Shammo: No, again, Mike, this goes to our strategy of moving people to the new technology, and there's really a 2-phased approach here. As we move people to FiOS, obviously, our operating cost structure gets benefited by almost 2x because the amount of truck rolls that I have on copper versus FiOS is about 2x. So by moving those customers off copper on to digital FiOS, I eliminate that copper truck roll into that home. So it is all around the strategy of eliminating the amount of folks I have on copper and the reduction of our operating expenses in the Wireline business.
Francis J. Shammo: Chris, so on the upgrade rates, we were actually at 8.6% this quarter, so that was slightly down from the past 2 quarters of 9%. So the upgrade rate is pretty much steady as course -- in the course. The decline in the upgrade rate this quarter was due to the people anticipating the new iPhone. But from a change of policy, we changed that midyear last year where we eliminated the New Every Two credit and some other things that we did, and we really haven't found any impact to the upgrade. What we have found is that not much financial benefit this year, but there will be more financial benefit in 2012 by the change of that policy, so we think that was beneficial for us from a longer-term perspective. On the prepaid side of the house, we are starting to see some momentum here. As you know, we launched the Unleashed product on 9/15, which was the same time that we entered into our new distribution agreement with RadioShack. And really, too preliminary to tell, but I believe that based on the preliminary effects of what happened since we did launch that product, we will see some improvement in prepaid, and I think -- I'm hopeful that if you eliminate the tablets from prepaid, we will actually show some net add positive growth for the first time in a while in our prepaid voice category. So this month -- this quarter, just to clarify, our prepaid voice was down about 52,000. Now that was an improvement from the second quarter, which was 179,000. So the Unleashed product and bringing the distribution of RadioShack has already started to show that improvement in the last 15 days of the quarter, so I think we're going to compete extremely well in the fourth quarter on our Unleashed product.
Francis J. Shammo: Jonathan, so on the CapEx side, the plan that's for Wireless is at the $8.9 billion number, and they'll come in on that number. And as far as next year goes, we're not going to talk about 2012 at this point. From a wholesale perspective, not all $61 million of that was roaming. I said the majority of it was. There was some decline in our reseller base as well, but that was really just the properties of Alltel, that they roamed on us, and now they've converted it to their network. So keep in mind we sold those properties to AT&T, so they're their properties, and they moved that traffic to their network, which we planned for. We knew they were going to do it, so it's not a surprise.
Francis J. Shammo: James, actually from a voice perspective, we've actually seen a little bit of an improvement on the dilution of the voice revenue. So we're not seeing any more change right now with people going to smartphones and talking less on the phone. The dilution of that has been pretty consistent, but obviously, the data and the ARPU on the overall customer is increasing. So we had a very nice ARPU increase this quarter, and I expect that to continue into the fourth quarter.
Francis J. Shammo: It's all right. Yes, so from a -- just from an overall perspective, the biggest cost content of FiOS is obviously content, but the profitability of FiOS continues to increase quarter-over-quarter as we monitor it. The operating income is continuing to improve, so the operating efficiency of FiOS is there. The issue that Lowell has set out for the business, which is the absolute right strategic decision, is move folks off of copper onto FiOS because the operating efficiency of FiOS is far better than the operating cost of the legacy copper network. So I think as we do that, we will continue to show the momentum of Wireline overall margin improvement going forward.
