Francis J. Shammo: So let's start. These are 2 actually big questions, and that probably will result in larger answers than you would expect. But on Wireless ARPU, let's start out with the fact that I think as we started out in 2011, we said that we had a path to accelerate the growth of our revenue. We came out of the fourth quarter, I reiterated my confidence on that projection. And as I sit here today and I will continue to reiterate that we are confident that we will continue to accelerate our growth in this category. And it's going to come from many, many different areas. So you have to keep in mind, number one, our smartphone penetration is at 47%, which means that there are 53% of our phone customers that are still on a basic phone. So we still have a lot of roadway here from a basic to smart upgrade. And as you know, 42% of our customers this quarter went from a basic phone into a smartphone category, so that is accelerating the growth. In addition, as you heard on the script, our Internet device category is starting to stabilize a bit, and we expect that to continue to go throughout the quarter on an ARPU basis. As last year, we reset prices, we expanded the category, so the growth of that category is expanding for us, but we knew we had some short-term ARPU pressure by the price resets that we launched into the marketplace. But that set us up for our 4G LTE launches. And as you saw, we had a stellar performance on a number of devices that we moved on our 4G network this quarter. So that's a couple of things. I probably could go into a lot more detail around our data sharing plans, our commercial launch of Fusion and if we want to get to more discussion on that, we can. But we are very, very confident that we are on a path to continue to accelerate the growth of our ARPU. On Wireline margins, just a couple of things here, too, to talk to. So number one, we did have the FiOS-to-copper migration, which impacted our short-term results but we've talked that this is a strategy that we're deploying. It is better for us long-term to get most of these customers off of our copper network to our FiOS network. As you saw that we are -- stopped selling our naked DSL in FiOS covered area and we started to convert a number of customers in this quarter over to our FiOS network from a voice perspective. Now a couple of things here that this will launch, number one, we will see a long-term benefit in our repairs and maintenance decrease over time. We will also get the upsell capability to start selling these voice customers on better speeds of FiOS and better experience. And also then into the linear TV product that we have to offer. And what we're seeing is the minimum number that we converted last year during our trials, we're starting to see a 30% sale upgrade on those customers, but it does take us 3 to 6 months to convince those customers to upgrade. So this is a longer-term type strategy. In addition, going into the future, you're going to see, you may have already saw, that we are starting to do some price-ups in strategic areas. We've also started that in April but over the next 2 quarters, we're going to have several priced-ups in our FiOS packages. In addition, we're going to rebundle certain of our packages to better bundle our content in order to make it more profitable based on the Tier that you picked for us. The other thing is that there's other revenue streams coming from down the pipe like home monitoring control that will contribute to the overall ARPU of our FiOS platform. We also have a very disciplined cost structure in place. As you see that, we declined our SG&A expense year-over-year. In April, we also had another ISP [ph] to our represented employees, which we had a number of people take. So we've already taken off 1,100 people from payroll since the quarter has closed. We are taking other measures around the consolidation of our back office operations, as I've talked to in the past. You see that we are exiting some of our unprofitable or low-margin businesses, which will help us in the future. And then, of course, the union contract and we can talk more about that. But obviously, the business needs a cost restructure and that's what that is about. So I'll stop there, I'm sure we'll have some more questions here.
Francis J. Shammo: At this point, we're not going to disclose that. It did result in some incremental capital for prepositioning and then it did the result in some expense for us. But actually for this quarter, it was not a big component of the quarter.
Francis J. Shammo: Okay, so, on the Wireless margin expansion. I guess there's a couple of things here that are important. Number one is, as you know, we have been on a 2-year track here to reduce expenses in our Wireless unit. And over the last 2 years, we've taken out about $3 billion of expense. This year, we have another target of $2 billion. So I know that everyone is focused in on the subsidy model, but as I've said, that's just one line item in our P&L, and it takes managing the entire business to be an efficient business. And I think that Wireless has done a really excellent job on reduction of cost and creating more efficiency within the model. And that's what's driving the margins, beside the ARPU increases that you see in the revenue growth. And as we stated last year coming into this year, that our goal was to get back to our third quarter level of last year's margin and then continue to grow from there, and we're putting in all those actions to do that. As far as the $30 upgrade fee, I'll remind everyone that we started back in 2010 on a strategy to start to take out some of the lucrative promotions we had around upgrades by deleting the New Every Two program, limiting the amount of early upgrades that we allowed. And now the implementation of the $30 upgrade fee, which we were the last carrier to implement. But it's important, too, for the overall profitability of the business, and the experience that we expect to have within this business. So I think there's a number of actions that Wireless is taking to continue to focus on the ARPU expansion and then the margin expansion because we like to do both at Verizon, we grow and we expand our margins. And then as far as the use of cash here, on a targeted net debt-to-EBITDA. It's more important that I think we're comfortable with our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. This will improve over time as we continue to delever in certain areas where we think it's reasonable to do. You saw us take the proceeds of the Wireless dividend this quarter to pay down some debt that was maturing that was high-interest debt that, quite honestly, didn't make sense at this time to refinance in any perspective. So we will continue to manage our cash. Important, our dividend policy is extremely important to us, and Lowell and I have said very strongly that we will continue to the policy of our dividend. So I'll stop there, and we'll go on to the next question.
Francis J. Shammo: So first let's talk about the union contract. So look, I think it's safe to say that as we entered into this new negotiation, we knew that this is going to be an extremely difficult negotiation. We have said very strongly that we need cost structure within the Wireline business. Obviously, if you look at the profitability of this business over the last 5 years, it has decreased. And this cost structure is not palatable going forward. So we need to some concessions, we need health care contributions. We need some pension revisions. And look, were not asking for things that have not already been given to other companies. These are not new issues. They've already been given to some of our peer companies. So we are standing strong. We need this cost restructure in order to build on the profitability of our Wireline unit. The other thing is, look, we've invested over $24 billion into this unit on the FiOS platform. And in order for us to be competitive with our competitors of cable who don't have these very lucrative benefits and average salaries of $90,000 with an incremental $50,000 of healthcare and pension on top of that, we need some cost restructure here. So look, this is a hard negotiation. It took one of our peer companies over 500 days to get to where they were, 3 years ago in some of these breakthrough issues. So we continue to negotiate. We continue to put proposals on and we'll see where we go, but we knew this was going to be a long haul. And with my comment of improvement of Wireline margins, it's all built in those comments. On the Wireless adds, I think we're extremely pleased with the growth of our Wireless business on an add basis. If you look at, though there's going to be other categories that drive the growth of Wireless in the future, as I said, we will be launching our data share plan in mid-summer this year. We believe that, that plan, the way we have it designed, will enable our customers to easily connect other devices to that plan. And I think that as we do more connections, you notice that we did not disclose total connections. As I've said that machine-to-machine is becoming a more complicated device and connection of the way the plans are built, so it's not important anymore of total connections. It's more important of our revenue increase based on the customers that we're growing. I think that if you look at our Fusion product that we just launched in certain states, our trials are going very well. The customers' experience is extremely strong. We had a target of 10 million homes that we're going to launch to in May, of this year, when we commercially launch. And that we'll build to, as we build out the 4G LTE footprint to a target of 34 million homes. We believe that's a growth engine for us in the future. Then we have tablets, we have prepaid. This is the second quarter in a row where we've grown our prepaid base with our Unleashed product. And in the next week or so, you're going to see us add in a smartphone to our prepaid product on an $80 price point with 1 gigabit of data. So there's a number of actions that we're taking. If you think about the third ecosystem and then also the cable partnership that we also just launched some new markets with Time Warner cable this past quarter, Kansas, Ohio and Carolinas. So we've continue to expand. I think we have a growth rate test to increase adds on a full year basis here, and we're on that track.
Francis J. Shammo: So first on prepaid tablets. It's a great point. We did see a slowdown in the beginning of the quarter on the anticipation of the iPad 4G LTE device coming to market. And as you know, that was only about 2, 2.5 weeks of product in the marketplace. And we saw significant volume previous to any volume that we had previously seen on tablet sales. So I think that going to the second quarter, that volume will continue. So yes, there was a little bit of a downward demand in the beginning, waiting for the new iPad to come out. So again, I think we're off to a good start. We sold 390,000 tablets in the quarter. And as we said, bulk of them were -- 60% were increase in tablet sales year-over-year. So I think going into the future, tablets will continue to be a very strategic segment of our business. On the Apple iPhone, look, I think as I've said before, we look at every individual handset, we have a broad portfolio. We manage it by handset-by-handset and manage our subsidy and again, that's just one aspect of our P&L. And this is just a nature of this business that's grown from the beginning of the industry that we subsidize handsets. I do think though it is important that there is a third ecosystem that's brought into the mix here. And we are fully supportive of that with Microsoft, and as we said that we created the Android platform from beginning. And it is an incredible platform today that we helped to create. And we're looking to do the same thing with a third ecosystem. So that's how I think that we plan to go into the future here.
Francis J. Shammo: So on the net debt for wireless, we have gross debt of $10.9 billion, cash on hand of $4.4 billion, so net debt is $6.4 billion. On the enterprise, VDMS, think we're making great progress with the new organization and the umbrella organization that John Stratton has over both Wireless and Wireline from an enterprise perspective. We have gone very deep into verticals. We see that there is, and if you paid attention to Lowell's remarks here recently at the healthcare forum, we see a lot of healthcare opportunity and are engaging in a lot of partnerships to extend what we think is a really good product set on the reduction of overall healthcare costs in the nation, but also to deliver some really neat innovation-type ideas into the future of healthcare and how we manage that from an enterprise perspective. As far as overall growth of the segment, we did see a decline this quarter in Europe. It was not expected. Just to give you some baseline here, last year, our European market was growing on average about 13%. It contributes about $450 million of revenue per quarter. We saw that drop to flat this quarter. So there was a drastic pullback in our European market. We don't believe that, that is long-term. We think that that's more of a short-term issue. We already started to see some increased bookings here exiting the first quarter, but that probably won't turn into revenue for 3 to 6 months. As you know, this industry is a longer-term type recording from the time that you get an order. But I think this is a short-term issue for us, but it did put an impact on our overall growth. Now having said that, our cloud services and our strategic nature of our security are those portfolios are growing well. Our overall cloud portfolio grew by 17% quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So I think we're making progress in the area that we want to make progress in, but again, the portfolio rationalization is also creating a drag here. And as we continue down that path, we will lose some revenue in those less-profitable platforms that we really want to discontinue investing in, but it's for the betterment of us and betterment of our customers to move them to a more highly innovative platform. And then the last thing, of course, is the development and launch that we did last June of our VDMS platform, and we will be launching our next phase of that come this June, and we expect to see some growth revenue acceleration from that platform as we go here. So there's a number of things that John is implementing that I think will contribute. As I said in my script here, the -- contribute of the future growth of the overall Wireline, revenue top line and margin growth.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, so thanks for that question and I think this is an example where people write articles where they don't have facts. So let's talk about the facts. So number one, I think Verizon Wireless has shown over time that they are very, very good stewards of Spectrum and efficient Spectrum. And we are responsible and efficient owners of the Spectrum. And as a company policy, we will not hoard the Spectrum. Now when we bought this back in 2008, obviously, we did not have the foresight to know that we would have an opportunity to acquire AWS Spectrum from the cable company. And if you look at our Spectrum holdings, we purchased the 700 megahertz, which is an extremely efficient and this is where we built our LTE platform on. And then we had the AWS spectrum in the East, which was very efficient from an overbuild perspective on capacity of our LTE platform. And now with the deal that we have with SpectrumCo, we believe that is the most efficient for us to utilize and build out our LTE platform. So hence, the lower 700 megahertz A and B does not fit as nicely into our Spectrum holdings as it may for others. But we think it's the prudent thing to do, to sell these licenses off to the rest of the industry for the benefit of their customers and to enhance their ability to build out 4G LTE. So I think we would say that we're being good stewards. This has nothing to do -- we did not just wake up yesterday and decide we were going to sell Spectrum because we ran into a roadblock at the FCC. That is continuing. We have facts that say the 180-day clock is going and that we are still very confident that we will get approval for the AWS acquisition from SpectrumCo. But just the 2 other points I want to make here is, number one, this is contingent on us getting the a getting the AWS Spectrum approved because, obviously, we would need this spectrum if that's not approved and again, we think it's the right thing for the FCC and maybe a standard for them to use in the future of how Spectrum should be allocated out and sold and efficient ownership and protocols. The other thing is I think there were some articles written that this is going to be a fire sale. This is nothing near a fire sale. We bought this Spectrum back in 2008. We've had carrying costs, and we will be prudent to our shareholders to make sure we get the return our investments. We know what the value of this Spectrum is in the free market, and obviously, we're going to an auction to allow many different parties to participate through a third-party auctioneer. And look, if we don't get the price that we think is a fair price, then we won't go through with the sale, and that's at our discretion. So I think there's some important facts and I'll stop there.
Francis J. Shammo: So first on the AWS approval, I think that we're exactly where we expected to be. The conversations are going exactly the way we thought. I'm not going to speculate on caps or what we would do, what we wouldn't do and I think what I'll say is, look, we're exactly where we thought we would be and I think we'll close this transaction by mid-summer. On the $2 billion Wireless cost cutting ideas, I think we've shown that we are very good executioners on the cost-cutting routines of $3 billion in the last 2 years. The $2 billion is a combination of a variety of things. You saw the announcement of some call center rationalization. Obviously, part of this $2 billion is to work on the reduction of our subsidies, and you saw -- you're already seeing some of these plans go into action with our upgrade feesand some other things. So there's a wide wrath of cost-cutting initiatives that Dan, me and his team are executing on. And right now coming out of the first quarter, we're actually right on track where we expected to be. And then lastly, on the cable companies, obviously, we're still in a trial mode. We're working out the kinks. We launched a couple markets here with Comcast up in Seattle and Portland. We just launched a couple of new markets with Time Warner cable. So I think it's too early to talk about this one. The agreements are still in front of the DOJ and the FCC and we continue to cooperate with them. And we'll wait till the transaction closes and get up full to speed and then we'll talk about that.
Francis J. Shammo: As far as enterprise goes, look, I think the enterprise business is in our Strategic Services area. It's steady as she goes. We're growing that portfolio. And look, any time ago through a massive restructure like John has implemented at VES with going into more of a vertical-type segment, you're going to have a little disruption within your frontline sales force and I think we saw that. But that was like a 60- to 90-day interruption and I think we're getting back on pace and we expect enterprise to start to get back on their feet here going into the second quarter and through the year. And as far as the core side goes, the core is just steady as she goes. It's a declining business. People are moving away from the legacy voice and long distance and moving more into the IP technology. And this is where we have several of our customer [indiscernible] still on the legacy core platforms that we need to move off of so that we can stop investing in those platforms and get them to something that is more innovative and more efficient for them as a company as well. And I don't think they're surprised with the conversations that we're having. So I think as we go here, this will be a steady course. And as we said before, our goal is to be a gross national product-type growth here, GDP plus type organization. So I think that's we're striving for and that's what's John is striving for as well.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, I think this is going to be some of these legacy-type platforms. This could be a 2-year transition.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, I've said that the guidance would be -- we wouldn't give specific guidance but flat is a good guidance.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, so Mike, just a couple of things here on the voice and text messaging. Our messaging revenue actually grew 4% again year-over-year. So we're not seeing what others in the international market have seen. And again, it all comes down to the way you package the bundle and we still have a majority of our customers taking a bundled package of voice and text along with their data plan. So we're starting to see that -- that starting to flatten out perspective. But look, I mean, we keep our eye on this, and with 4G LTE and VoLTE coming at the end of this year into next year, there will be additional opportunities to convert more revenue from our voice products as we launch into more, if you will, IP-type videoconferencing and so forth. As far as Verizon Wireless depreciation and amortization, look, at the beginning of every year, we have a policy that we look at our asset base and reevaluate all of our estimated lives on all of our asset bases. And sometimes make decisions to accelerate and sometimes we make decisions to reevaluate the lives that we have in a certain asset. And we've done that this year as we do every year, and in Verizon Wireless, there was a life extension on our entire EV-DO platform. But this is nothing unusual that we normally don't do. And so that's the answer to that one.
Francis J. Shammo: I mean, as far as -- these are both guidance-type questions so I'm not going to get into the specifics of them. So look, we said we'll be flat at CapEx and let's leave it at that. I'm not going to get to the individual components or quarter-by-quarter. And then on the Wireless margins, I've said that, look, our goal is to get back to our 3Q margin and we'll strive to get there.
