Fran Shammo: And just chiming on the update of the 600 megahertz. As you know, application to participate as buyers, the FCC did some forward part of the auction and which are expected to be due in January. And the whole purpose of this was to give the broadcast or is a sense of what the bid would be that they would receive. And now the broadcast was how that chance to look at that and decide whether they're going to participate or not. I think one important thing here, though, too, is that after we saw the abuse in the AWS-3 Auction by Dish, I think the FCC should learn from this and not give preferences to large corporations, award credits or set aside and the government shouldn't be in the business of picking winners and losers. Let the consumer do that. So we'll have to see how the rules play out here but at this point, we do plan to participate but we'll see how the rules play out and then we will go from there.
Fran Shammo: Hi, thanks David. Good morning. So, on the difference between the 22% on edge and the 30% on pricing, obviously, if customers have fulfilled their contract over the two year period time under the old subsidized model, those customers are free and always have been free to select whatever price plan they want and we are allowing them to move to the new pricing because they fulfilled their contractual obligation under the old pricing. So, in essence they are bringing their previous device into the new pricing. So, that’s part of it. The other thing is that, there is a little bit of forward pricing here with current customers and as we talked before on calls, we have pretty diligent exercise where we go through our customer base and we attack the high value customers who we think will have a higher propensity to churn from us. So, there is some proactiveness there. And I think you're seeing that come through on the reduction of churn through this year of 4 basis points to 7 basis points. And I would anticipate the going into the fourth quarter, you should consider us to be within that improvement on a year-over-year basis. Now, given the fourth quarter is always a generally a higher churn quarter as it was last year, but we do believe that we will see a consistent improvement as we have seen through the beginning of this year. As far as go90, look, go90 is a very different product set. It's mobile first, a social entertainment platform. Let me just talk a little bit about where we are here. But this really is just a totally different perspective than linear TV and content deals. And we know how to do that and we've been doing that for 10 years with files. But this is a very different platform. Keep in mind we are 20 days into this. We actually haven't done any advertising or promotion activity around this product. So, for early stages, we are seeing very good platform stability. We are seeing very encouraging feedback. And of course we're looking at some very specific matrix here of what's the viewership, how many times do people revisit the site, and what do the new shows capture. And if you haven't downloaded, I would encourage you to, because we now have over 10,000 assets in the product. We have two exclusive episodes; one is called Top Five Live and the other one is called Betch - "B-E-T-C-H". And these are really starting to take form with the Millennials. And we are starting to see a number of encouraging revisits to the platform on a daily basis to see what Top Five Live and Betch are doing. And we have 48 more exclusive content deals coming that will be on this product before the end of the quarter. So, go90 right now we are seeing very good upstage but again we really haven't started to advertise the platform. We do have entertainers tweeting the platform who are part of the platform like Kanye West on his live show. So, there is a lot happening in this platform. So, we are really pleased with the initial stages, but this is very different than the legacy linear TV model. So, I will stop there, David. Thanks for the question.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Phil, good morning. The TV environment this past quarter was extremely competitive and continues to be. Custom TV, though, actually within the portfolio is performing similar to what it did last quarter, with the number of people choosing the product and the number of migrations that we have within the product. And of course, as we said, this is going to put a little bit of topline pressure on FiOS growth. And the reason for that is the way I have to think about this is the new bundle is about $20 less than the average normal FiOS bundle. But the offset to that is we are also getting an incremental benefit in the content cost. So, we're seeing an incremental margin gain by people selecting the Custom TV package. I think what is more important though is the consumers are speaking to the total linear environment that says "they only want to pay for what they want to watch and they don't want to pay for 300 channels when they watch only about 10% of those channels." So, I think that’s more important is to where the ecosystem is going. We will continue to support Custom TV. As we said we know we have some disputes that we're working through but Custom TV right now is doing what we thought it would do. As far as the growth perspective, I think, if you look at last quarter with the negative 625,000 negative adds, we continue to be positive, so we are gaining share, but look the environment is Millennials don't want linear TV content. They are disconnecting their cable for just internet content and mobile content and that goes to why we are launching go90 with the mobile first perspective and that’s attacking that entire segment that FiOS brand does not attack today through our linear TV product.
Fran Shammo: Phil, no, we haven't. The basic package is the basic and then you get two packages included. Now, of course you have a selection of those package among seven. Some people are selecting the sports, others are selecting the live like Hallmark station and those things. Yes, generally sports fanatics generally take a premium package. So Custom TV more is for those folks who really aren't interested in sports and are taking less of the sports channels but it's more or less the same trend not seeing any difference there.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, John. So, on the handset piece for upgrades. What I would say is we are anticipating a little less volume than last year because of the total iconic launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. But this quarter we are still anticipating a fairly heavy volume quarter as every fourth quarter is, but I would anticipate a little less than what we saw last year. So, I would think that upgrades would be a little less than what we ran last year. As far as what we see from a take rate on installments going into 2016, look, at this point we are guiding to 17% in the fourth quarter. We are now 100% at the point of sale with Edge only. Of course, we have an exemption for current customers who are on the subsidy model who can opt to take a new subsidized handset. So, I'll have to see how that works going into 2016 and that may keep us around that 70% to 75% take rate but it's too early to tell. So, I don't really want to give guardianship on what the take rate will be. Let’s see how we come out the fourth quarter, I will readdress that in the first quarter.
Fran Shammo: Yes, thanks Mike. So, on the EIP, yes we have gone to the full Edge product. As I've said before, I am not interested in a rental program. We are not seeing any impact from those programs from the competitors in our base and I think our results speak to that this quarter and I think they'll speak to that in the fourth quarter as well. I think what you'll see is if you speak to the rating agencies, they are becoming very concerned with the balance sheet risk of some of the industry on putting up rental phones on the balance sheet with what the residual value will be with those rental phones. So, again, as I have said before, that’s not something that we are entertaining at this point. Again, I never say "never say never" but that is not something that I would have an appetite for. On the prepaid decline, I think, look, generally if you look at how postpaid and the price points of postpaid and I've talked about this before. Postpaid pricing is more or less mirroring what prepaid pricing was in the past. And we are seeing some migration of our prepaid product customers to postpaid, but it's more probably limited than some others because of our intense credit models and you have to pass the credit in order to become postpaid. But there is a segment of prepaid customers that are good credit customers, that now that the price point is closer to affordability for them on postpaid, they are moving into the postpaid product. So, I don't really look into the prepaid product decline as a problem set for us at this point. We generally really compete with prepaid in our reseller model with companies like TracFone and StraightTalk and Straight Wireless and that’s where we really drive home the lower-end product without our brand connected to it. So, and that although we don't disclose much in reseller any more, that segment continues to perform well for us.
Fran Shammo: If you look at some of the programs, you have balloon payments that are doing 18 months. 18 months from now the market is changing. There is a lot of Apple product hitting in the Chinese market now, where China was one of the larger areas where we sold off used handsets. So, as these markets get heavily penetrated with newer product, that could impact the residual value of these phones going forward. So, it's just a risk that it's going to have to be handled by the industry under that program and at this point that’s not something we want to deal with.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Michael. On mobile data, what we are seeing right now is that the trend across our entire network of 75% growth year-over-year, obviously, some of the metropolitan areas like in New York and Chicago are higher than that. I mean, Chicago we said is up 75% but New York, San Francisco, some others are higher than that in growth rate. So, it depends where you are at and then we have markets obviously lower than that because of more of rural areas. So, that’s generally what we are seeing in the network right now. On the installment sale billings of 1.2%, yes, I do believe that will go lower as we make this transition into 50% of our base for installment sale. So, the trend of service revenue and the installment billings plus the service is going to continue to decline, until we get into that middle part latter part of 2016 where the curve will reverse and then you will start to see that flattening out and start trending back up just like the math would dictate.
Fran Shammo: No. I think what you are seeing now if you look at the previous quarters, it's pretty trending about the same. I don't think it's going to accelerate.
Fran Shammo: Amir, first of all, let’s set the stage that the wireless industry has always been very competitive. And even through all this competitiveness, the industry themselves continues to grow even though everyone thinks that the industry is slowing we continue to have net adds overall. Tablets become a bigger piece, data continues to grow. So, the industry overall although very competitive, continues to grow despite all that. Our focus has always been competing on a network quality, reliability and simplicity. And that’s how we have been winning for the past 18 years and that’s our focus going forward. And you can see that with our new brand campaign, better matters, because what we believe with our brand in our campaign is we're trying to send the message that although some say video and data are not as important and people are willing to get disrupted, I think if you talk to the Millennials, the thing that frustrates them the most is the spinning wheel when they want to watch a video or download something. So, our focus on our brand is better does matter. We have the best network, we are the most reliable, and we become a more simple company to deal with our simplicity of pricing. So, that’s where we look to compete. I think the fourth quarter will be a competitive quarter as it always is every year. I think you're going to see promotions in the marketplace and this industry is going compete as we always have. But I think our differentiation is how we differentiated ourselves through this whole entire process of installment sale and now rental and as I said before the rental programs don't seem to be having any impact or appeasing to our customers. So, I would say that we will continue to do the same. As far as how the industry changes, I think what you are seeing from us is we're going in a different direction with our go90 launch. We are appealing to our Millennial population with our network and our products and I do think that as we said before you can only price down so much and then you need to generate cash, And I think as you said some have to start generating cash in order to invest in their networks to support the growth of the data or else things are going to start to fall apart. And I think you are starting to see some of that in some of the national RootMetrics drive test, where some of the networks are starting to feel pressure and starting to fall down in the ranking. We continue to invest heavily in our networks as I said before. You should continue to see us as a flat overall capital company but wireless continues to trend up and that’s important for the product set that we are launching. So, I do think there will be more focus on returns and profitability and that’s good for the industry.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think that you stated, Brett. We have an existing MVNO agreement and we were informed that they are going to execute on that agreement and the agreement is the agreement. I am not going to get into whether we're discussing of revising the agreement or the terms and conditions of that, since it's under NDNA and we will see how this plays out. Obviously the industry is moving. Cable is going to do what they are going to do and we're going to do what we're going to do. I think that again though what I would say is we truly believe that Wi-Fi is a complementary wireless network if you will with LTE and we don't believe one replaces the other. Just like when we launched LTE, we said "look it's not going to replace Wi-Fi, it's not going to replace broadband into the home." Similar, Wi-Fi is not going to replace LTE. So, I think that’s where it stands right now, so, I really won't interject any more around the MVNO.
Fran Shammo: We are right on course. We are actually testing in the labs now and we are looking to deploy some time in 2016. And again, the unlicensed LTE is a great piece for us to increase our capacity. And again, another differentiator between LTE and Wi-Fi, is LTE is a fully managed network, Wi-Fi is not. So, when you start to load up Wi-Fi, that’s why you start to see real degradation in service, whereas, with LTE and then overlaying unlicensed LTE. We can dynamically increase capacity when we see that that capacity needing increase. So, it's going to be a very viable tool for us in order to increase capacity without deploying a lot of dollars.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, I appreciate it. On the auction and the spectrum bands, it's a good question because the current auction is 600 MHz band and as you know we deployed LTE contagiously on 700 MHz that doesn't mean that we can't operate with 600 MHz but 600 MHz and 700 MHz don't play well together. There is a lot of interference. So, where we have 700 MHz, there will be a lot of work to deploy a 600 MHz spectrum. But there is areas where we could use lower band spectrum but it's probably not the top priority. We like the higher band like AWS. We've said that all along that Charlie is sitting on very good spectrum. It's very good for capacity, which is why we spent $10.4 billion in the auction. But we also can do things like we've done in Chicago and New York, where we felt the license cost was way too high and we instead decided to deploy small cells and get capacity in a more reasonable cheaper way, if you will. Now, some of this spectrum will come back to market. We don't know how the FCC will treat that yet. So, we'll just wait and see but higher frequency spectrum is capacity and that’s really what we need at this point in time. As far as the wireline commitment, look, I think with the three divestitures in the South, they were more or less footprints which were not contiguous to anything else. Most of that property was copper, not fiber. So, when we look at the East Coast, it's a much different footprint. I mean, we'll have covered over 70% of the footprint with our FiOS product. We are very committed to it. We are investing over $4 billion into the wireline company, a year. So, that shows our commitment from a capital investment perspective. We've already passed 20 million homes when we committed to originally 18 million. So, we are very committed to the FiOS product. It goes hand in hand with our wireless strategy. And I think if you've asked anybody like you know tease, if you are going to come in and compete for Fiber Into The Home, you certainly would either pick the East coast or the West coast, and they've started with Cablevision in East coast. So, we have a very viable footprint and we are committed to that. Now, again, as I've always said, "you never say never" and of course Lowell and I are always open to new options and we always keep our eyes open for that. But at this point we are very committed to the wireline business.
Fran Shammo: Okay, great. Hi. So, Jonathan, on the enterprise piece, I guess what I would say is we are seeing more or less the same, there has really been no change. I think there is a lot of competition. There is a lot of price compression continuing in the IP space, as we said before the strategic side around security and data centers. But even within the data center space, now there is an awful lot of competition happening with price compression. So, I think what you are seeing is the trend that we think will continue as we revamp the portfolio if you will and come into more of whether we're going to willing to compete. So, I think you are just going to see more of the same here. As far as the wireless network and deployment of AWS, you were looking at probably in the 17, 18, timeframe. With that, similar to where LTE, you would be for starting in 16 and then of course, so that will continue to deploy there. And then on the phone-only where we would only get a LTE only handset probably more to the end of 2016 as where we're looking to deploy in LTE-only handset.
Fran Shammo: All right. Thanks, Mike. I just like to close with a few key points. So, through the first nine months, we have solidly executed on our fundamentals, delivering quality customer growth and strong financial results while positioning the business for the future and returning value to shareholders. This execution has generated strong cash flows, enabling us to consistently invest in our networks, platforms, future growth, and innovation. In addition, we have returned value to shareholders and maintained a strong balance sheet, keeping us on track with our leveraging plans. As I highlighted earlier, we have returned more than $11 billion to-date through dividends, and a $5 billion accelerated share repurchase program. In September, our Board of Directors again re-innervated their confidence with a 2.7% dividend increase; making this the ninth consecutive year of a dividend increase. We look forward to maintaining our positive momentum in the fourth quarter, as we execute our strategy, launch new products and services like go90, positioning ourselves for future growth and creating value for customers and shareholders. Thank you, again, for joining Verizon today.
