Fran Shammo: Hi, good morning, Phil. So, look, I think that, let’s talk about the subs and the churn and then we can talk about the EDGE pricing. So, first off, I think if you put this quarter in perspective, coming into this quarter from the fourth quarter on the end of the first quarter call here or the fourth quarter, we talked about how we would take a very rational disciplined approach in responding to the competitive marketplace. And that’s what you saw us do through the quarter. Now having done that, through January and February we saw a lot of pressure around our basic phone customer base which is why we launched our low-end 4G price point on More Everything to give those basic customers a chance and a view into getting over to a smartphone on our 4G network and we saw the improvements through the month of March. In addition, if you look at our tablet sales, we said coming into this year, that tablet would be a major growth trajectory for the entire industry and I think that’s what you are seeing. You are going to see that this is a very underpenetrated marketplace and the more we drive tablets into our 4G network, the more revenue stimulation we create. So we had one of the best tablet quarters ever even without the Christmas season from the fourth quarter. So, when you look at the churn, the churn was definitely impacted via the basic phone customer base. So, we actually had one of the best quarters ever adding 866,000 4G smartphones to our base and then another 634 tablets. So the net effect of the loss was mainly within the basic phone base and some 3G smartphone customers which led us to then refresh our shared pricing to More Everything and then we also had to do some response to some of the EDGE pricing that the competitive marketplace offered in order for us to be competitive within those high-end data plans. However, I think it’s also important to say that these installment plans or EDGE plan is a very profitable plan to us. So as we manage the business through prepaid reseller, postpaid subscribers whether they go on a subsidy model or on an installment sale model, these are all accretive to the business and very profitable plans. So, if you look at the ARPA, obviously ARPA since it does not include equipment revenue, the increase in the take rate of EDGE will definitely have an impact on that metric and do I expect the EDGE take rate to increase? Yes, because, if you look at the first quarter, most of the EDGE products were sold through our direct channel and we will be expanding that to the indirect channels coming here at the very end of the first quarter, mainly in the second quarter. So the EDGE take rate will increase, which will have an impact on service revenues and the ARPA metric. So, we will have to think about that going into the second quarter that's how report that. But again I feel very confident in coming out of the first quarter with 7.5% of service revenue growth and the ARPA growth. Now, as far as the competitive pressures and some of the other moves we’ve made, look, I mean, this goes back to when we first went to shared pricing, we said that it would be dilutive in the short-term but it would drive usage on our network and by moving to EDGE and out of contracts and it’s a very small base of customers because you have to be on More Everything and include it in the base. But obviously in the short-term, this could create some revenue pressure for us, but again it’s moving these customers to higher daily usage plans which drive more usage which in essence drives more revenue. So the guidance we have given you, I stand firm on, because we’ve considered all of this into our forecast. So, I don’t really anticipate changing any of that at this point in time. If I move over to the cable environment with FiOS and the net add, there were two really main things here that happened. First off, we did a price increase in the fourth quarter and every time we do a price increase, we always see some pressure in the churn in the following quarter. But also we had probably one of the worst winters on record here and people did not want us in their houses to install FiOS. But I think a couple of things to point out. One is the competitive pressure from cable did increased in the first quarter. \We did not respond immediately because of the environment that we were dealing in weather. So we waited, we became more aggressive in March and I would tell you that exiting the quarter, our pipeline has grown and I have a viewpoint that the second quarter will be back on track from a net add perspective. So, Phil, I’ll leave it at that and hopefully that answers your question.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Simon. So, first on EDGE, look, this is a customer choice. This is not what I want. It really comes into our customer choices and again, we are going to allow our customers to choose the right plan for them and if you look at the economics, it depends on what phone choose. So, if you decide to take a free iPhone that’s out in the marketplace today, you may be better off going on the subsidy plan for two years end up paying less over time than the installment plan. If you decide to take a very high-end handset, then you may benefit by going to the installment sale. So, I think it’s a personal choice. It also comes down to when do you think you are going to upgrade. If you are a customer that wants to hold your phone on for a two-year period of time or longer, it depends what plan you may choose. If you decide, you want to upgrade every year, then obviously the installment plan is the plan that you have to select. So, this comes down to personal choice and again our sales forces is not compensated to drive traffic to any one sort of plan. At the end of the day, it’s all about customer satisfaction and treating our customers and the choices that they want. So, again, its – the way I look at this is, as we manage the business, these plans are all profitable plans to us. So it comes down to customer choice. On the network side of the house, I think that, in my script, I was pretty deliberate on making some statements there about some third-party studies that were done in the first quarter and I think that speaks to itself as to where we are with our network. We are through the congestion. The network performance is delivering what we expected to and as you see that in our CapEx spending, we are going to be more leveled this year. If you know historically, we’ve always had more of a ramp from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. We will be more leveled with that. So we are really concentrating on the density and the diversification of the 4G network, especially in the major cities and that’s where we have deployed AWS and we will continue to deploy AWS throughout the year more into the smaller cities and into the rural markets, but right now the concentration is in the major cities like New York, San Francisco, Chicago et cetera. So, Simon, that handles the question. Thanks.
Fran Shammo: All right, David. Good, thanks. So on the mechanical side, look, I mean, this is a fairly complex accounting for the EDGE pricing. But really there is two main components to this. First is you book up the receivable, you record the revenue over the time, but the amount of revenue that you record is based on the residual value that you assign and the liability that you set up for that telephone. And I would say that, our approach is going to be extremely conservative. So, we will probably be recording less revenue upfront under the installment sale, just so that we can get a feel for what the uncollectability is going to be over time. How much value these phones are going to be worth a year or two years out depending upon how many phones hit the market at the same place. We do think that there could be some saturation effect in the outer years. So we will take a very conservative approach here on the accounting. As far as the competitive environment, look, I am not going to speak for anybody else. I think, we’ve shown, we will be rational and deliberate on how we respond to the marketplace. We are responding to our customers’ requests. This recent move that we made related to allowing out of contract subscribers to move over to the EDGE pricing, I believe is a good move for us because again it treats our customers the way they want to be treated and it is a retention tool for us. So, it will help to deliver a lower churn metric in the future. And it’s up to them whether they want to move, we are not going to deliberately move our customers, it will be totally to their choice. So, that's from a competitive environment. On the Wireline margin, I think that, at least everything Lowell and I had been talking about for the last two years is starting to finally come through on the metrics of Wireline. And just a couple of things, I think in the past, I’d probably be sitting here asking for a test based on the Northeast corridor storms for the entire winter and one of the worst winters on record. And normally I’d be sitting here talking about repair rates and how much expense we have to incur. And here we sit with all of the copper to fiber migrations that we have done over the last two years, we did another 70,000 plus this quarter. This is really starting to come in through the maintenance side, because fiber performance is much better during these weather conditions than copper performs. So, I think that all of the Verizon Lean Six-Sigma segments and I told you I was very confident coming into this year that we could improve the Wireline margin on a year-over-year basis and I hold to that confidence because of the things that I see between Verizon Lean Six-Sigma and also because of the copper to fiber migrations that we’ve been able to form. In addition, of course, the good driver of revenue here is through our Quantum products and the uptake of our customers to the higher speeds and willing to pay more for those higher speeds and also the congestion in their houses because of the wireless devices they are running off of that Wi-Fi network really demand that fiber into the home that only FiOS can provide. So, I think everything together is driving this. We can talk about the Enterprise segment but as I said coming into the year, I think that best we will look at what we did last year and I think that’s where the position will be as we will probably not see any improvement in Enterprise in 2014. Thanks, David.David Barden – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Great, thanks.
Fran Shammo: No, look, we are extremely competitive and have a great product set in our Enterprise space and obviously if we get into the details, I mean, if you look at security and look at our cloud services, they are growing. If you look at the huge Telematics platform, that’s growing in the enterprise space, but then we have all this legacy voice and core and even within the IP products, you see the price compression happening on those products and each year it comes up for renewal you have a price compression. So, some of it is competitive, but we are in an extremely competitive environment. But look, I mean, people are just cutting enterprises are still focused on cost structure. They are not increasing their investments, they are increasing their spends. So that’s where we sit.Mike McCormack – Jefferies & Company:  Thanks, Fran.
Fran Shammo: Sure, Mike. Thanks. This could be a record quarter since you didn’t ask me about net debt on Wireless. So that’s a good thing. But, look, on the FiOS and the copper houses, so, within the FiOS footprint as we said, we now have less than 1 million homes left that are on copper. So we will continue to migrate them. Outside of the FiOS footprint obviously, really we are taking two measures there. One is the Wireless portfolio and replacing some of that that old voice legacy copper voice with our LTE voice product that Wireless has been selling across the nation for almost two years now called Home Phone Connect. Within Wireline, they have a very similar product called VoiceLink which in essence is the same thing. So we will try to replace that copper legacy with those technologies. But look, I mean, outside, this is kind of where you say it’s you have to nurture it and harvest what you have and we know that we are not going to be able to compete with speed in that environment and we will continue to do the best we can. Now, there will be certain areas, maybe another year or so, where we may look to extend the fiber a bit and include some small businesses which we compete extremely well in within the FiOS footprint and they are very profitable customers. But beyond that, Mike, I think we are in harvest mode and we will continue to do the best we can with the technologies we have as alternatives for our customers.Michael Rollins – Citi Investment Research:  Thanks very much.
Fran Shammo: Yes, thanks, John. So, as far as the take rate on EDGE, I would tell you that we were less than 15% in the first quarter from a take rate. I expect that to potentially double with the launch of this payment plan option within our indirect channel. I would also say that, it is going to become more and more difficult for us to separate out and give a normalized basis with and without EDGE. And the reason I say that is, as we start to launch this in our indirect channel, you are going to get into all kinds of confusion of how the commission works, who bought the phone, who is doing – we will do the installment on that, but we may not have actually sold the phone to the indirect. They may have bought it outright. So there is implications with how compensation will work. So although we gave you separate data here in the first quarter because it was easy, because it was just within our direct channel, I think that is going to become more complicated going out here. So, from a take rate perspective, it’s hard for me to tell what the take rate will be. But I do believe it will probably double into the second quarter with the launch of our indirect channel John. So that's really all I can talk about on the EDGE. It’s too early for us to tell what the rate will be.
Fran Shammo: Sure, Amir. Thanks, so on the EDGE and the contribution, look, as I just said to the previous question it’s going to be very, very hard for me to start to separate this given the indirect channel. Look, I think the guidance we have given, I stand behind the guidance that we’ve given, we’ll do our best to try to give some clarity in this going forward, but as I said it’s going to be a cloudy environment and it’s hard for me to sit here today to say, oh, EDGE is going to contribute X basis points of my profitability. I just don’t know, because I don’t know what the take rate will be. And I want to make sure we talk about take rate not penetration. So, it’s going to be the take rate of new additions, not the penetration of the base. As far as quarterly earnings, this is a great question, because, historically, you would see more of an uptick in the second and third quarters. And I think now that we have a 100% of Wireless, you are going to see a more consistent earnings per share for us going forward other than the fourth quarter obviously which is more seasonal. So that has its own issues. But, I think you are going to see a more consistent first, second and third quarter and then the fourth quarter will have its own decline, because of the seasonality with that. So that’s a good question and thanks for asking.
Fran Shammo: Yes, so, I know the FCC was issuing an order today on net neutrality. I have not had a chance to look at the order. We will be excited to read that order and then we can give our comments on that. So, unfortunately, being on the call, I have not seen it and been updated on that. And as far as the auctions go, look, I think that, we are obviously preparing for those auctions. As I talked about in the beginning here with our gross debt, we are preparing our balance sheet and our financial wherewithal to participate in these auction is coming up. And, look, as we continue to look at these rules, and work through these rules, we will continue to – behind the scenes if you will, work with the FCC to get the rules that we need. But, it’s an important step forward for the pool of spectrum available to meet our customer needs and we will certainly take advantage of what the FCC is working on as far as the auctions go.
Fran Shammo: Yes, so, video – Verizon video, digital media services is ramping up. We are still in what we would call a dataset with a lots of content providers and testing the system and I believe as I said before that will – that revenue will start to ramp in 2014. So that’s the first step in just putting content through and digitalizing that content potentially inserting ads into that content. Obviously, we added the uplink and the EdgeCast assets to that and really that was in preparation to prepare for the over-the-top if you will. But I think it’s still way too early to tell on the on queue acquisition obviously the first priority for us it IPTV. But as you overlay that to the other asset sets, what I would say is, we are in a great position to take advantage of the marketplace when and if content starts to sort itself out from an over-the-top perspective. So, that’s probably all we would say at this point in time on that one Kevin.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think it’s too early to tell. I guess, what we are focused on, or at least, what I am focused on right now is the AWS auction which we know will happen at the end of this year with attainment being sometime in the first quarter. So that’s top priority and then we’ll deal with the broadcast licenses after that within 2015. So right now, the priority is AWS.
Fran Shammo: So, thanks, Mike. So, look everyone, thank you for joining us this morning. And I think I would just recap that said, the first quarter for us was a great start to the year. We consistently invest and focus on the profitable growth to drive strong financial performance and revenue earnings and cash flow, we are focused on customer satisfaction. Our proven ability to scale this business and drive operational efficiencies in order for us to deliver more value to our customers and compete effectively in all areas of our business. We continue to focus on our strategy to deliver the highest quality overall customer experience. We listen to our customers, monitor the competitive environment and respond where necessary in a rational manner. We are very confident in our ability to execute and improve on our business fundamentals driving consistent customer value while delivering growth in customers, revenues, earnings, and cash flow. We are very excited about the future of this industry. We are excited about our investment, the innovation curve that we are delivering. The customer satisfaction that we have and the delivery of value to our shareholders and to our employees, our more valuable assets. So thank you for joining our call this morning and have a great day.
