Fran Shammo: Thanks, Phil. I’m not going to get into the specific guidance on free cash flow, but you can see what we generated this year. I’ve guided you to a consistent EBITDA margin on a growth rate of revenue of at least 4%, and I want to stress that at least 4%. The other thing is, I think that cash taxes at this point given where we are, if we don't give bonus extension from '15 into '16 that obviously that puts more pressure in '16 on cash taxes as well. So I'm not going to get into specific guidance on that metric, but I think I've given enough to put us in the ballpark.
Fran Shammo: Yeah. So I think on the revenue growth side of at least 4%, if you think about that metric. What we are planning for right now is that our Edge take rate probably increases to around 34%, 35% take rate, so some of that will be equipment revenue. But I think what you have to focus in on is if you look at the service revenue component, you look at the recurring revenue of FiOS. So if you look at the recurring revenues of this business, 4% plus is an achievable metric, but obviously equipment revenue will play a factor in that. But keep in mind as we start to -- start to go out into the future on the installment sales, the installment sales really neutralized themselves over two-year period of time if you think of it that way. So as we collect more on installment sales, we are putting more on, but cash flow is starting to catch up with it. So I would keep that all in mind. The other thing too is from a cash flow perspective, we are looking at alternatives around the receivable as this grows. So you could see us do things around securitization in the future, not that that we are announcing anything today. But that is a possibility that we’re looking at as we continue to grow that mix on the Edge program.
Fran Shammo: Look, I think, we’ve talked about a lot of this in the past. But at this point, we are aware of all the rumors in the marketplace. Naturally we don't have any comment on any specific rumors, but we have consistently said that we are always looking at all kinds of strategic transactions and if they are the right transactions and provide value to our shareholders, we will execute on those transactions and at that time, we will come back to you and announce our strategy around that. But beyond that there's really nothing else to say on this subject.
Fran Shammo: I think, what I would say is, we continue to look at all strategic availability and if something makes sense then we will execute on that strategic initiative.
Fran Shammo: All right. So look, I think, it’s important just to set the stage here. All the hype around 2014 around price competition and the intensity of the competition, and just look at what Verizon delivered during all that period of time. So we had topline growth of 5.7%, we expanded the EBITDA by $1 billion in Wireless, we expanded the EBITDA in Wireline of $200 million, we had net [phone] [ph] adds which seemed to be the big issue of 1.3 million in this competitive environment and we grow our overall net adds year-over-year by 24%. So I think the basic point here is, is that we will continue to compete and we will continue to compete at a positive profitable value. I talk -- also it's important as we enter into 2015, with the competition we are also doing a lot of different things. So number one, based on our base, as I said in my comments, we saw 13 million 3G smartphones and 18.5 million basic phones that we will pursue to upgrade into our 4G LTE network that is more efficient, generates more revenue. Tablets are only 8% of our base and as I said in the past, tablets will continue to be a very large piece of our growth into the future. Tablets are very, very good because, one, they make it more sticky at the account level; two, we get a recurring revenue stream albeit lower than a smartphone but the subsidy on that is much reduced. And then also, it also increases the amount of usage and video uptake on the network, which is what we’re driving to is the more usage to benefit on the bundles. The other thing is, as you look out to us and directions we’re taking, obviously as we stated Internet of Things is going to be a very important category, 585 million up 45% year-over-year. And we don't really disclose it but we have over 15 million connections now of Internet of Things. We announced the Verizon vehicle as I said, you should look at us as launching over-the-top MobileFirst sometime this as Lowell has talked about in the past. And on the Wireline side, we just launched a new router which we think is going to improve both the intake of video into the home. But it's also very important because it has to sustain the ability of Wireless products within that home. And as you know, when you get four to five devices running on that router today that, that can only deliver up to 75 megabits, you're really not getting 75 megabits. So this router will be able to produce significant higher throughput and we believe it’s the fastest in the industry today. So putting that all in context from a competitive standpoint and what we can deliver, the guidance we're giving you is based on all the strategic action that we will be taking in the future. The other two things I would talk about is if you look at our prepaid base, again another positive quarter, up 7.5% on ARPU growth and then of course our own reseller base with our own strategic initiatives with that whether you call it a reseller base or MVNO is all positive and growing positively. So that leads me into the Google discussion. I guess what I would say right off the bat, number one, is this is not just another very prime example of the intensity in the competition around this industry. The availability of the open networks and access to the networks and this is why another reason why this industry does not need to be regulated. I would also say on this one is, if you look at Google, they've entered the fiber, they’ve done other initiatives. Their whole purpose is to increase speeds so that people can do more search. What I would say is we’ll have to wait to see how they execute on the MVNO but listen MVNOs or resellers or people leasing the network from carriers has been around for 15 years. It's a complex issue. You have to deal directly with the consumer. There is a whole infrastructure that's needed to do that. So I think this is another example of where Google is going to enter the market under a platform basis to do what they want to do. And it's just another competitor as we look at it. So I'll leave it at that.
Fran Shammo: Yeah, thanks John. So I think this is what we need to look at, as we said in the remarks and follow the words carefully is that we will pursue our base. We will pursue net adds and we will pursue upgrades that are financially beneficial to the company. So what that means is at a 1.14% churn rate, you should take that as we did not go to places where we do not financially want to go to save a customer. And there's going to be certain customers who leave us for price and we're just not going to compete with that because it doesn’t make financial sense for us to do that. As far as why upgrades were so high, I think you have to go back a little bit and reflect on what we did in the past. So if you look at 2013, we made a lot of policy changes around upgrades. It pushed the upgrade view back into ‘14. So in ‘14, we took probably more upgrades than we generally would have taken because of those policy changes. But as we came out of the third quarter, I said that we had about 3.2 million iPhones in our base that were coming out of contract. And that was the signal that we were going to aggressively go after those 3.2 million customers and we did. We are very satisfied with the quality of the upgrades. So if you look at it from that perspective in the remarks I made, look at it on a percentage basis. 78% of our upgrades are what we would call strategic quality upgrades and that means a 3G to 4G, or basic to 4G, or a high value type customer who delivers a lot of value to us and we appreciate their business and we want to keep them as a customer. So that’s how you should view this, John and I think that with the competition and some of the pricing that’s out there, you should think that we are going to have a higher churn rate because some customers we are just going to financially keep.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Michael. So on the competitive consolidated margin, look I think it's important again that you focus on the words. We said at least topline 4% growth. We said that we would have at least a consolidated margin consistent with 2014, but I think you need to put it in perspective that we had an extremely heavy fourth quarter in 2014. So, I would not expect that to repeat in 2015, given the iconic devices that hit and given the level of competition at this point in time versus what we would expect next year. I think the other important thing too is, as you are focusing in on this, I think it's important to focus on 2014 earnings per share, so we grew at 18%. I know most of you will subtract out the 10% for the accretion of Vodafone. So when you look at it, the core business in this highly competitive environment grew at 8%. I would also say that don’t get ahead of yourselves on the Wireline accretion of margin as Lowell and I said before, this will be a slow progression of Wireline accretion. So we grew 80 basis points this year. We will continue to focus in on topline growth and continue to take out those costs, continue our copper to fiber migration efforts and continue to become more efficient of the company. So, I wouldn't read too much into. We expect Wireline to jump off the charts and Wireless to go down. On the over-the-top strategy, I guess I'm not going to disclose as to too much what we are going to do. But I think if you look at the environment, there is a lot of positive things coming out of the environment. So if you look at what Dish has done around some of their recent launches, look at CBS and their own launch of over-the-top with their own programming. This just leads us to a path of content owners are willing to open up their content to different models and that's exactly what we are going to execute on it. And we are working with many content providers to join that model and we will have a lot more to say about that and Marni and I obviously, Lowell will talk more about that when we launch our first product come this summer.
Fran Shammo: Well, number one, on the traditional model of FiOS, obviously in our guidance we've included an increase in content cost because every year you have a content cost and you should feature in around, consistent with where we were in 2014 around a 3% to 4% content increase cost right now is what we are projecting. As far as the new model, again, I'm not going to get a lot into that model. You should not think about it as a traditional linear TV model. It's going to be, I would think a different type of a model. So, we'll wait till midsummer when we can talk more about that. But within our plan, we do have those content costs.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Mike. So, on the VZW margin, the follow-up question on around the ARPA, I think this becomes a more tricky question, because obviously ARPA is around service. And with the Edge program, we are kind of convoluting that now, that it’s a tougher metric to get your hands around, which is why we are giving out the recurring installment billings to try to get it on an apples-to-apples comparison. But if you think about that, we grew that ARPA by 5.2%. So look, I think, given everything that’s going on, and given that the fact that I said we would have a topline growth of 4%, obviously we believe that we can continue to accrete the ARPA of this business, given everything I said about the additional growth things that we’re keen in on, just the jump off point that we came into this year. So the other thing too is if you go back to 2012, the fourth quarter of '12 was very much like this quarter of '14. We really placed the bet on growth and upgrades and solidifying our base. In '12, albeit we added lot more smartphone net adds back then, but it’s pretty much the same quarter that gives us a great basis to jump off into 2015. So that’s how I would think about the ARPA as a metric. On CapEx, Mike, it goes directly to what you said. I have been pretty consistent with this in the fact that we will spend more CapEx in the Wireless side and we will continue to curtail CapEx on the Wireline side. And some of that’s, because we are getting to the end of our committed build around FiOS. Penetration is getting higher. We are reconnecting homes that we’ve already connected. So it’s not additional capital that we have to outlay and we are very focused on those, what we call connected homes that are not our customers to go aback after them that that is a very good return for us, because we’ve already spent the capital to connect that home. So it’s a lot of combination around that. But yes, this is around densification, this is around our projection of growth for the Wireless industry and staying ahead of that. So again, it’s all about encompassing. So we are looking at a slight increase from where we ended 2014.
Fran Shammo: Not really. I mean, it’s pretty consistent with what we did in '14. I mean, obviously, your major cities are where you have your biggest densification happening right now. Because as we launch AWS around the U.S. and get the coverage map up, AWS is really handling most of that outside of the major cities, but it’s the major cities that are being densified on a quicker basis.
Fran Shammo: Just a couple of thoughts around that. Number one is, obviously the more and more we convert 3G customers to 4G that affords us the ability to get on a much more efficient network, it affords us the ability to reappropriate our spectrum, and it affords us to actually start to run down if you will the higher cost network of 3G. So, all of that plays into this. The other thing is, as we said before, we have a very cost structure in servicing our customers and you’re going to see some things different of how we approach customers and mainly around getting more around self serve, so that we can do more of the handsets. And we saw over the last two years, starting in 2013 into the 2014, that this played a big role and how we take cost out of the Wireless cost structure. On the Wireline side, it’s just continuing to do more of the same. So we really don’t play up the fact of all the copper to fiber migration. But this is really starting to pay benefits to us. And as we’ve said, we’ve been doing this for the last three years. We are now in the position of starting to shutdown central offices, which free up real estate for us to monetize and get out of. It reduces the property tax around this. So there’s a lot of efficiencies that come from this. And the other thing is that within the one-time charges, you probably picked up a severance accrual. And in December, the Wireline company already has reduced about 2,300 headcount, including about 1,300 represented workforce, who took an additional incentive for them to voluntary retire. So we are setting the company up once again to produce a very beneficial efficient cost structure going into 2015.
Fran Shammo: Well, I mean, Kevin, we always have save programs and specific targeting to a specific customer base or a specific segment, so that's not going to change. My point is here is that there are certain customers that will go for the lowest price. And at that point, we’re probably not going to compete on price with those customers and that’s what you saw. I mean, if you look at it for the fourth quarter, we added 672,000 net phone adds. So, I think you have to keep it all in focus that what we are gaining. We are gaining 4G high-value customers and we’re not necessarily losing that 4G high-value customer. So, I think you have to look at it in a holistic point of view, but that's really the strategy that we have deployed and we will continue to execute on our strategy.
Fran Shammo: Well, that’s a great question because I personally have been misquoted, both in the press and in Congress on what I've said. So this is a good question for me to clear this up. So first of all, this is not of an issue about Internet rules. It’s about an issue of FCC reclassifying Broadband to Title II service. And this will absolutely affect us and the industry on long-term investment in our networks. And that can be seen factually as to what happened in the rest of the world where you have high regulation, the networks are not invested in, there are not good quality of service networks and that's where this will put us. I guess, I would emphasize also that the approach in whole or in part on Title II is an extreme and risky path that will jeopardize our investment and the development of innovation in Broadband Internet and related services. It will also tie up the industry in a very uncertain time and cause all types of litigation. So when I said before, I misquoted on the fact that it would not hurt our investment, I was talking about 2015. But if this piece of Title II was to pass, I can absolutely assure you, it would certainly change the way we've been view our investment in our networks. The other thing too is, as I think it's important to show that this industry on a high-level basis has invested about $50 billion a year in networks and improving the quality of service and open network to everyone. And that's what the industry belief is, that this is an open internet basis. If we could curtail the investment of this industry, it will definitely trickle down to what we would consider middle-class jobs. And it’s because most of at least, for Verizon Wireless, a lot of our build are done by thousands of contractors across the United States, that will impact those small business and impact their employees. So from that perspective, I guess, what we would say, Kevin, is we would encourage Congress to adopt a legislative solution, Congress has the authority to adopt clear rules of the road that will allow policy makers in the industry to move on to more important things. So, I think, that summarizes the position about Title II.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Jennifer. Well, on the tower sales, look, I think, we’ve been pretty clear on the remarks here. We are not going to talk about the rumors anymore until there is something that substantially state. So at this point, I think, we’ll just leave it at that. As far as the price cuts, you are absolutely correct, Jennifer. When we look at the provisioning of our base, we have seen a significant increase in the amount of customers who are taking our higher data plans, if you will, that drive more revenue. And even with those higher plans, we still see a large portion of those customers breaking their bundles because of video consumption in the increase in video consumption. So, yes, there is an offset here. It is not all just dilution, there is an upgrade of what customers are using and obviously, we built the plans around LTE, we built the plans around, we want customers to use more, because that's what will generate incremental revenue for the business and give us a return on the continued investment in our network.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Mike. So at conclusion here, I just want to state that Verizon had another strong year of operating and financial results with topline revenue growth and quality earnings and cash generation. We are very focused on driving growth and profitability. To that end, our execution strategy is around the assets we have in place. As always, we continually look at options for monetizing certain less strategic assets and creating value for our shareholders. We continue to develop new products and services in the area of video delivery, Internet of Things that will drive growth and profitability into 2015 and beyond. We look forward to a very positive 2015 with confidence in our ability to execute our strategy, grow the business profitably and invest for our future. Thank you all for joining today and have a great day.
