Brady Connor: Thanks, Brad. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. This is Brady Connor, and I am here with Hans Vestberg, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Matt Ellis, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, our earnings release, financial and operating information, and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations website. A replay and a transcript of this call will also be made available on our website. Before we get started, I'd like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement on slide two. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon's filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials on our website. The quarterly growth rates disclosed in our presentation slides and during our formal remarks are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted as sequential. Now, let's take a look at consolidated earnings for the period. For the first quarter of 2019, we reported earnings of $1.22 per share on a GAAP basis. These reported results including net pretax benefit of $96 million related to a pension re-measurement triggered by the Voluntary Separation Program. The net impact after tax was a benefit of approximately $71 million or $0.02 per share resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $1.20. This represents growth of 2.6% on an adjusted basis compared to $1.17 a year ago. Let’s now move to slide 4 and take a closer look at our earnings profile for the first quarter. As a reminder at the beginning of 2018, we adopted accounting standard ASC 606 for revenue recognition, which results in a reduction in wireless service revenue, offset by an increase in wireless equipment revenue and a deferral of commission expense in both our wireless and wireline segments. As we discussed previously, we expect a smaller benefit in 2019 than we realized last year from the adoption of the standard, primarily due to the deferral of commission expense. The reduction in benefit creates a year-over-year headwind to consolidated earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share. For the first quarter the impact was a $0.03 year-over-year headwind to earnings per share. This headwind is expected to continue until the end of 2020. In addition as of January 1, 2019 we adopted accounting standard ASC 842 for leases. This will primarily result in the gross up on the balance sheet for all operating leases. Upon adoption we recorded approximately $22.1 billion in operating lease obligations on our consolidated balance sheet. In addition, the lease standard affects our earnings per share, primarily due to the expensing of certain lease costs. As highlighted on our last call, we expect this impact to result in a $0.01 to $0.02 per quarter, headwind on earnings per share through 2019. For the first quarter this headwind was $0.01 on earnings per share. As you look at slide 4, you can see that the 2.6% growth in adjusted EPS includes both the impacts from the deferral of commission expense related to the revenue recognition standard and the adoption of the leasing standard. This highlights the strong underlying performance of the business. Matt will take you through the details and key drivers later in the call. Before we do that, I'll turn the call over to Hans for his opening remarks.
Brady Connor: Yeah, thanks Simon. Brad, we're ready for the next call. Operator Thank you. The next question is from David Barden of Bank of America.
Brady Connor: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. Brad, we’re ready for the next question. Operator Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson.
Brady Connor: Thanks, Craig. Brad, we’re ready for the next question. Operator Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Rollins of Citi. Your line is open.
Brady Connor: Thanks Mike. Brad, we're ready for the next question. Operator Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Niknam of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brady Connor: Yeah, thanks Matt. Brad, we're ready for the next question. Operator Thank you. The next question is from Colby Synesael of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Brady Connor: Okay. Brad. We’ve got time for two more questions, please. Operator Thank you. The next question comes from Mike McCormack of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Brady Connor: Yeah, okay. Brad, we've got time for one more question. Operator Thank you. Your last question will come from Walter Piecyk of BTIG. Your line is open.
Brady Connor: Okay, thanks. That's all the time we have for questions. Before we end the call, I'd like to turn it back over to Hans for some closing comments.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Matt. As demonstrated by our strong results, we have carried forward the momentum that we saw into 2018 through the first quarter of 2019 and our focus and execution in Verizon 2.0. We’re committed to creating great customer experiences as a result of the investments in our networks. We’re extending our leadership position in 4G, driving innovation in 5G and expanding our high value customer relationships, while creating value for our shareholders. We’re building momentum for our ultra wideband 5G network, our launch of the world's first commercial 5G smartphone signals the beginning of an era that would transform the way people live, work and play. Our strategy relates to foundation for the future through investments in our Intelligent Edge Network, enabling efficiencies throughout the core infrastructure and delivering flexibility to meet customer requirements at the network edge. We’re excited about the current position in the marketplace, our financial strength and our opportunities ahead of us. With that, I will turn the call back to Brady so we can get to your questions.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brett. And if we start with the mobile 5G, as we said before, we see of course an opportunity when you’re early on a customer experience like 5G, you have a chance and we have high ambitions here to see that we can grow with subscribers. But again, we’re very early stage on 5G. I mean, we are absolutely the first in the world. At the same time, of course, we will see that we have an offering that responds to the enhanced, sort of technology and experience you will get from 5G. So that's what you saw on the first commercial offerings we did on the 5G moto. We will soon, as well announced earlier, come with our next phone and that we're going to discuss or announce how we're going to deal with that. But, clearly, the team has high ambition in this area. We think that our leadership and experience is giving us a way to monetize 5G for mobility. When it comes to the initial launch on the mobility in Minneapolis and Chicago, it meets our expectation what we have seen from the software. Remember, this - we are first in the world to adjust from all the way from the network to the chipset, to the handset and actually have an experience and we have a great experience out there, already right now in the Moto Mod. Basically constantly updates on the software, improving the throughput, the speeds and all of that and features. And, of course, we’re part of driving the improvements on 5G in the world and giving our customers the first experience. So I would say that I'm really excited on what I've seen so far. It's meeting our expectations, but we have much more to come out from when it comes to speed, throughput, coverage and all of that from the deployment on our Ultra Wideband 5G. And then, not forgetting that we also as well said so many times before, when we launched 4G, we didn't even know we're about carrier aggregation, which of course changed the whole game on 4G LTE Advanced, which we now enjoy more than 1500 markets on that, and that will happen with the 5G as well. And one of the most important features that I have talked about is of course the dynamic spectrum sharing that will come during next year, where you basically also can use, deploy wherever you are with 5G and then you don't need to allocate certain spectrum to certain technology. So I see a lot of technology innovation and we work with most advanced partners in the world here to actually stay in the lead.
Hans Vestberg: If I thought and as you rightly pointed out, the first deployment of 5G Home that we did last year was based on our own proprietary standard and thus it was a limited [scope] [ph] and no development on the software. However, what we have seen is consistent speed keeping up 300 megabits per second minimum to our customers, which is great to see. Second, of course, the installation times has been reduced significantly since the beginning. So we have a great lot of learnings when we come out in the second half of this year when we have CPs on the global standard for 5G Home. And again it's sort of a multi-deployment, so it's the same equipment doing mobility in Home so with all improvements we're going to see on 5G mobility, it's going to go to 5G Home as well with the software. So a lot of great learnings, especially on the coverage, installation times and then keeping the consistent on the speeds, which has been very good.
Hans Vestberg: So first of all, when it comes to the ecosystem of handsets et cetera, I think that as was alluded during our Investor Day, we see a majority of the handsets coming out next year having the millimeter wave spectrum. Many of the phones as I've already talked about, meaning the Samsung phone both the Note and the Galaxy coming this year will both have it 5G. We have the Moto already. We're going to see also LG phone coming out. So we see a much quicker ramp on ecosystem in that area to be clear. At the same time, the whole ecosystem from chipsets to equipment is ramping up quickly. But again, we are in the forefront of technology here, so of course we are being on the edge of the demands and the supply on equipment at the moment, but we feel good about that. Secondly, the question around our capital allocation. We remain very solid in what we have said before. Number one, we invest in our business, number two, we see that we can serve the dividend our shareholders, and thirdly, then we have our targets that Matt talked about on the balance sheet. That's really where we have the main focus. Then we talked at the Investor Day, there could be tuck-ins et cetera, but nothing else in that at the moment.
Hans Vestberg: On the spectrum, I think that first of all, the team has continued to do excellent. As I said, we still are gaining the majority of all the performance metrics in the market, so the team is doing good work. And when it comes to the refarming of the 3G spectrum, we have said that's going to be ended by 2020, and we're on plan for doing that and the team is working everyday to see that we're doing that most out of our spectrum.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. So when it comes to the millimeter wave, as I said before, I mean, that has lived up to our expectation on performance. And again, we're very early on in - in improving the software, how we can deal with it. We will need to remind ourselves, this is not the coverage spectrum because we will do it as far as the economic is sustainable, of course. But still, it's - it's very good ranges we can come up with and of course, the throughput and speeds are enormous. And again, we're very early on - on the - on the journey. I think that no one else in the whole industry knows more than Verizon about it. We're being onto these for two years and what we have seen on it, he said, it's a - it's a good strategy. And topping that, which I've said before the dynamics sort of spectrum sharing will be the next step for us to see that we have all the assets to deploy our strategy on 5G to meet the different type of use cases, we outlined at the Investor Day sort of the mobility case, the 5G home case and the mobile edge compute case. So that's what we're working with everyday here to improve et cetera. So the engineering team feels good about it.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks. Okay. Rightfully mentioned, we started with the 300 megabits per second in our - in our offering in the cities. Of course, we have said that we will sort of meet all the customer demands and that's why we are of course, are trailing out different type of speeds as well. And as you rightfully said, I mean, if you have a lower speed and throughput of course, the range of coverage will go out and go further. But again, we need to meet the customer demands in the markets, we're going to and - and the team with Ronan Dunne will see that we are competitive in every marketplace we go. But of course, you can see possibilities, we'll have different ranges of speeds on 5G home as well, but we're not there yet. We will come in the second half of the - this year and see what offerings going to have. On the YouTube TV, I think that what most important is that we are committed to support our customers with the optionality. Here we are creating, as we said from the beginning when we decided not to pursue our own investment in OTT that we will have partners in order to work out our strategy, networking [ph] strategy and give our customers optionality and that goes also for our Fios customers, and their You Tube TV will play a - play a role for us.
Hans Vestberg: When it comes to the YouTube TV and what we offered in our initial 5G home launch that was sort of a stand-alone offering. This is what we're doing right now. We are doing an overall agreement with YouTube TV to be offered to our home and mobility and Fios customers and final commercials, we have not decided yet. But clearly, we will - we will do it - compared to the offering for our customers, but we're also creating the optionality for our customers to get YouTube TV. And again, it comes back to our main strategy that we are focusing on doing the network, we're doing the platform, and we are doing the integration, but we're not taking sort of the investments of - of TV platform nor for the content. We see that is our role in this - in this ecosystem. And remember we have the best distribution, the best network and a great brand and that's what [ph] we can expect partnership like with YouTube TV. So that's a little bit different thinking.
Hans Vestberg: If I - if I start with the first question there that I don't think we've changed any thing about what we thought about millimeter wave, how we're going to deploy that and we're deploying massively at the moment. Remember, the majority of all the traffic is in dense urban areas, where we are now initially are focusing of course, getting -- an even greater experience for our customers and 5G experience, the real 5G experience. At the same time, we get the owners economics of having the best spectrum position there. When it comes to dynamic spectrum sharing and which spectrum, we're going to use et cetera and when will come into play? It will come into play next year. Right now, we're in discussion, but of course it's going to be whatever low band you want to have, mid-band and high band that's how it works. But all the time, all the spectrum will be sort of exposed to dynamic spectrum sharing. The good thing is for being a leader like Verizon, we can impact on own ecosystem, how this will be done and that's why we're in discussions with the chip set manufacturer and equipment manufacturers to have the best solution and again using the engineering skills of -- of the Verizon team.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Brady and thanks Matt. Just to sum up, I mean, the 5G era is here and we are positioning the company for long-term growth by taking advantage of the full array opportunities it has to offer. I think, during the first quarter, again, we delivered solid financial and operational performance in a competitive marketplace. We remain confident in our strategy and prioritized led by building the best network, creating platforms to further monetize data usage, maintaining a disciplined capital allocation model, and creating value for our customers and shareholders. By that, I would like to thank you all for attending this call today and have a great day.
Matt Ellis: Good morning, John. So on your question around wireless margins so we reported 47.4%. But as you touched in on your question there was some year-over-year noise from the accounting both the deferred commission expense coming from revenue recognition and the lease accounting about 85 basis points on there, so that's showing up in both the cost of sales and SG&A lines. But when you - so when you adjust for that the 47.4% gets you to about 48.3% so up year-over-year, 47.8% a year ago so nice improvement on the margin year-over-year, which when combined with the 4.4% service revenue growth means that we think we had a very good earnings quarter in wireless, high quality of earnings there and really setting the basis for the year as a whole.
Matt Ellis: Yeah. Good morning, Simon. So as you look at the wireless service revenue, as you see the 4.4% was - was a good result in the first quarter. As we look at that the ARPA was a big piece of it. We continue to step customers up to unlimited, which is typically a step-up in our ARPA. We continue to add connections per account, and we think we still have the runway to do so. Unlimited is still less than 50% of our - of our total connections. So there is - there is runway there to continue that, and that's why you heard us make the comment on the prepared remarks that we see, service revenue for the balance of the year continuing to be in the mid twos [ph] to 3% range. So continued growth on a year-over-year basis, as we look forward.
Matt Ellis: Yeah. So thanks, David. So on the depreciation and amortization side, couple of things in there. One, you've obviously got the impact of the lease accounting standards, so some items that would have flown through D&A, will now flow through above the line and so that's part of it. The other piece is - is the mix of our spend over the last year or so has moved to a mix of assets with the longer average life, it means, they are depreciated over a longer time period. So that kind of impacts the timing of how they come through on the - on the depreciation line of the income statement. On the - the C&O side, as you look at that number, you're right that there is a little uptick in the - in the negative results in that piece and where that's coming from, there is - there is two or three one-timers in the first quarter. They weren't large enough for us to adjust out, but net-net, they had about a $0.02 impact at the EBITDA line. So you see that flowing through there that one-timers. We - you shouldn't expect to see them through the rest of the year. And so, you got strength in the overall results of the business in the Wireless and Wireline segments being offset by those - those one-timers that I'll say add up to about $0.02 of EPS pressure that's sitting in C&O. So it's related to one-timers rather than Verizon Media Group is driving that number in C&O.
Matt Ellis: Thanks, Matt. So on the wireless churn, we saw what we would normally expect from a volume standpoint in 1Q with the typical drop off from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. We saw fair amount of competitive activity in the first quarter, and we really didn't participate in that until we got into the March time period when we start to see volumes pick up. We feel good about the momentum we have in the business, as we exited the first quarter, as we come into second quarter and expect to see that drive performance for the rest of the year. On the YouTube TV, I think is as you described and you heard Hans gives us the opportunity to combine that product with the core wireless offering and Ron and his team will - will make sure that's relevant to our wireless mobility customers having that additional functionality available to them.
Matt Ellis: Yeah. Thanks, Colby. So I'll start with your second question. So as you think about the VSP savings in the first quarter, we said approximately 10,000 V Teamers, who are leaving the organization, as a whole around half of those came off at the end of December. So you had a full quarter impact from those. The second tranche was at the end of - end of March. So really minimal impact from those. So as you think, when you get to a full run rate, it's going to be significantly higher than that $180 million. 2Q will be a blend. It will be more than the 5,000, but not the full 10,000. It really be 3Q when you get to a full run rate benefit compared to the $180 million that we saw in 1Q. And as you say, more than approximately 60% of that benefit came from the - in the Wireline segment. And so we expect to see that continue to help wireline margins for the year, as a whole. So we think that - that will be something that will be a positive, as you think about managing the - the cost in that business to offset some of the trends on the revenue line. In terms of the EPS guidance, so I want to just make sure that we level set, where were - where we were. We wanted to make sure we kept it in the same basis as last time. Last time, we said that the adjusted EPS before the impact of the leasing standard would be similar to last year, last year is $4.71. And so we said adjusting the guidance to be low-single digits up. And to be clear, even after accounting for the new leasing standard that would put us in the - in the mid-$4.70s from an adjusted EPS standpoint. And when you think about what's in there, you got the headwind from the - the lease accounting standard, you've also got the impact of the commission expense deferral under the revenue recognition, and our expectation of those impacts are the same, as we outlined previously. So well, we certainly think and Brady took you through this in the prepared remarks, when you look to the first quarter results, we're up $0.03 year-over-year all in, from an adjusted EPS standpoint, that included $0.04 of pressure from the accounting. And in addition to that the ETR year-over-year was up about 100 basis points. So that year-over-year increase in the underlying earnings of the business was strong. And you touched on one piece that's certainly the benefit of the Voluntary Separation Program was helpful in there. But when you look at the Wireless business and you see the 4.4% service revenue growth, and you see the - EBITDA margin, when you adjust for the impact of the accounting for 48%, we feel very strong about the operational performance of the business on a good growth, on a year-over-year basis, and we have good momentum coming out of the first quarter, and as we head into the rest of the year. So that was the - the reason for the - the change in guidance.
Matt Ellis: Thanks, Mike. So on your question around the wireline revenue, there was a little bit of headwind from the FX, primarily in the enterprise space, but it didn't offset the ongoing pressures that we see from the technology shifts. So we would expect some of those -- those trends to continue, as we go through the quarter. We certainly expect the Partner Solutions revenue trend to improve versus the number we saw in 1Q, but still be negative on a year-over-year basis. But we are continuing to expand the offerings that we have across the wireline business based of fiber based products and newer technologies. Those are continuing to grow, as we go forward and offsetting the decline in legacy products. And in addition to that wireline revenue has opportunities, as a result of fiber build. We're able to offer our services to small, medium business, to enterprise, to even on a wholesale partner basis in geographies that we historically haven't. So that will bring some incremental revenue opportunities to -- to our wireline customer base in addition to what we're doing with new products, as we move forward.
Matt Ellis: Yeah. So, Walt, on the wireless margin, the reported number was 47.4% as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. There was 85 basis points of pressure from the combination of the two new accounting standards, but the vast majority of that pressure came from the deferred commission expense. So as you think about the language we've used over the past few quarters related to the revenue recognition standard, you had the benefit last year. And then we said, you'd have year-over-year headwinds in both ‘19 and ‘20 until you get to a run rate on the amortization of those commission expenses being close to the actual cash expense upfront. So about 85 points of pressure, a lot of that’s showing up in the SG&A line, as you point out, and that will continue throughout the year to varying degree. In addition to that, we did have a little bit of change in shaping of the advertising spending in wireless over the course of the year, a little more in 1Q this year than last year. I expect that will equal itself out over the course of the year as a whole. But the big impact was the impact of the deferred commission expense, so that's why we called out the 85 basis points so that you can get to 48.3% from the 47.4% and compare that year-over-year. And you see that wireless margins on a like-for-like basis actually grew year-over-year on an increase in revenue, so we think very strong quality of earnings within wireless in first quarter.
Matt Ellis: Not significant, but that's why we put the -- make sure the 85 basis points was in the commentary, so that we give people a little more transparency and do the comparison year-over-year. So hopefully that helps.
