Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. In summary, we view this quarter and second half challenges as short-term. We have a strong and resilient business model that is well suited to deliver favorable financial results, even in uncertain economic times. In this environment, we remain disciplined and focused on delivering long-term shareholder value through improved revenue and profitability, with healthy cash generation that supports our network investments and dividend policy as well as a strong balance sheet. We also have the best team in the industry, and I know they are ready to deliver. The actions we have taken in our Consumer business creates an opportunity to solidify consumer performance. Those actions include new postpaid plans and our continued integration of TracFone. Fixed wireless access for both Consumer and Business has proven to be a powerful connectivity solution. We expect our nationwide broadband presence and our fixed wireless subscriber base to grow well into the future. We continue to drive business wireless subscription and expand our MEC ecosystem. Taken together, and combined with our accelerated efficiency work, our actions during the quarter address our competitive challenges. And we will continue to listen to our customers and thoughtfully respond in the marketplace. Our second quarter initiatives are designed to strengthen our Network-as-a-Service capacity, which uses the power of our network to drive results from our five vectors of growth. Thank you for all, and we’re ready to take your questions. Brady, back to you.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brett. I can start with the second part of it. As you said, I mean, we have taken several actions in the quarter, aggressive all the way from the new Unlimited plan with bring your own device and no subsidy. And then, of course, we also have done our increases on the pricing actions we have taken. So we’ve taken that. But we constantly now evaluate if we need to do something more. But we will be very conscious about discipline in the market, because I don’t think that it’s sustainable long-term to continue with the subsidized model. So we will policy in and then policy out. Of course, it’s a holiday season, of course, that will be there. So we will work with that one. But clearly that will do. But remember also, if you look at our value – our Premium segment, this is, in the high end, we’re doing really well. We have high quality [Indiscernible] customers. You see the step-ups continuing. So what we are addressing right now is the metered and low-end Unlimited, which are more price conscious right now. And that’s what we’re addressing with it. So we are more surgical than just making any blanket decisions here. So that’s very good. And on top of that, we feel good about TracFone. Of course, if the market would turn even worse, I mean we have TracFone. And then we can play in all segments and meet all the demand from different customers. But clearly, we’re staying extremely close with Matt. And I and Manon and her team, we work weekly to see where the market is going, if we need to adjust. But we will always think about how we – our financial discipline and how we preserve cash. Because we always need to think two times before we bring in customers. We want high-quality customers. Matt, maybe you can comment on the customer base.
Hans Vestberg: And maybe – sorry, I didn’t answer on the store traffic there, I realized that. So as we said in the first quarter and through the second quarter, we had a little bit less of traffic in our stores in April and May and the latter part of March. We saw some pickup in June, but still a little bit below earlier trends. But that might be just the market and how it’s working right now. But other than that, nothing special.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. Thank you. And maybe a comment on the supply chain because there is a lot of discussion around that. And I have to say that Verizon has done a great job on our supply chain around the whole supply chain and secure that. I mean you can see that in our rollout on our C-Band millimeter wave and everything else we are doing in the network that were way ahead of our earlier plans. And that’s of course, how we have secured our supply chain, I really want to say. When it comes to the unions, I mean we have reached, as I said in my remarks, we have reached a tentative agreement on the union agreement with them. And we have a great partnership with the union. So, we think this is an important one. You have to see that we secured the workloads we have in the future and see that we continue to have a great working relationship with the union. So, that’s why we have this tentative agreement.
Hans Vestberg: Thanks. I think I actually see both. I mean we see – we saw a trend over the years of bring your own device from enterprises. But actually in order to secure a more seamless experience for enterprise customers, we see more we see more now customers actually going back and actually supplying the devices of our customers. It’s a little bit dependent on what type of business they are into, I have to say. But we see a little bit of a trend going down the direction right now. Think about building private 5G networks, where you want everybody to have a seamless wireless – 5G wireless experience inside an office and then going out on the street and having Verizon’s commercial network. Then you need to deploy a handset that is actually coming from the company in order to manage it. So, we see actually both. So, I don’t think it’s an accentuated trend, at least as I can tell from taking the question on this level. On the other thing, I just want to give another data point as well. I mean remember, I talked a lot about handoffs in the networks during COVID was sometimes down 60% in New York City that people didn’t move. We are back to the hands of – that means handovers. It seems like people are moving equally much right now as we are doing pre-COVID. It’s, of course, a different buckets. But on the high level, when we look at the network, handovers are back to normal and actually even a little bit more. That can of course, depend on that how much more equipment we have deployed in 2 years. But that’s what we see.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. If we take the three different business models we deployed in the network for 5G. I mean fixed wire access, if I take that first, that definitely is happening all the way that everybody was questioning if fixed wireless is actually something you can do. We feel really good about it. The capacity in the network is there is no problem. And as Matt said, we have deployed 60 megahertz of the C-Band, we have in average 160. So, we have so much more to go. So, that one is definitely happening. On the mobility, 5G mobility, yes, short-term is a little bit more challenging. I think that comes from both economical situation in the market. Long-term, I see the same. As I said before, the step-ups and going to higher plans is a great opportunity for us. And as you saw in this quarter, our ARPA went up. Our high-end customers continued to do step up. So, both of those are happening. And 47% of our customers has a 5G phone. And by year-end, we would probably be near at least 60%. So, I think those are happening. On the contrary, mobile edge compute and IoT, we also have a really good trend on that, has a little bit right now, and starting with private 5G networks and then it goes over to mobile edge compute, when you bring in the cloud experience in it. So, you saw that during the quarter, we announced several private 5G networks. We see more and more customers feeling that. That’s a good replacement for them in order to have a secure high-capacity network instead of having WiFi in many cases. And the reason why it’s happening right now is now devices are coming out. And the next couple of years, we are going to see so many more devices and not talking only about smartphones. So, I feel that it is the same opportunity that we have talked about all the time. Given the economic environment, it might be always some changes to it. But long-term, I see no difference in it. And that’s how we build the network. And we are the world leader in mobile edge compute and private 5G networks. We feel that, that’s a sweet spot for us. We have been all the time being very early with other 5G use case as well and feel really good where we are. So, I understand your question, Craig. But in general, I am confident that, well, this is a great opportunity for the market.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. First of all, on the different type of value services we have in the high end or in the Premium segment, if it’s Disney+ or others, we think that’s very important still. And we see our customers really liking it. And we have been in the forefront of this industry with these type of exclusive deals with the most prominent brands you can ever think about. We will continue to do that for our high-end customers. And that has really turned out well for us and our partners. And in – during the second half of this year as well as we announced at the Investor Day, we also want to launch a Plus Play, which is a platform for digital subscription aggregation for our customers. You have seen basically, I wouldn’t say everyone because there is many in the market. But the majority of the important brands has signed up with us. So, we will continue to leverage both sort of network and service but also distribution as a service for our customers and for us in order to have the best return on investment. So, we feel good about that. And as you see in the marketplace, I mean digital subscription services is just popping up direct-to-consumer all over the place, nowhere better to work with than working with Verizon that has the biggest direct-to-consumer distribution in the market. So, we have a lot of inbounds. We are going to do it right. We are going to see that our customers and our shareholders are benefiting from it. When it comes to the question about subsidy and all of that and segmentation, and as clearly articulated, we try to be surgical in our changes, both on prices and on step-ups and all of that. And right now, the team working diligently, has been on the segment that is hitting low-end unlimited and metered plan. We are going to see and have opportunities there to bundle in other things. We are already working with our fixed wireless access offering for our customers that are wireless customers with very good value proposition. So, we will continue that and see if there are other things we need to bundle in. But right now, we have, I think a very strong positioning. And we are taking aggressive actions in the quarter, some confidence that we will continue to see improvements here over time.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. And thanks for the question, Brett. So and actually building on your last comment there, Hans, about high-quality customers, Brett, that shows up in the payment patterns we’re seeing. We haven’t seen any noticeable change in the payment patterns from customers, continues to be very good, very much in line with what we were seeing pre-COVID, in fact, slightly better than that time period. And when you look at the quality of the business we’re writing, the FICO scores in our DPP portfolio have never been higher. So at this point in time, we’re continuing to see the type of strong payment patterns that you would expect from the high-quality customer base that we have.
Matt Ellis: No, just one thing I’d add to Hans’ response, Simon. Certainly, we expect to see significant benefit in the second half of the year from the actions we’ve taken. I mentioned that in my comments. That’s probably about $1 billion of incremental revenue sequentially in the second half versus the first half. I would expect, and we have assumed in our forward view, that we will see a small bubble in churn here in the third quarter as a result of customers as they get those price increases on metered plans or whatever else. But apart from that, we expect to see significant benefit from the actions we’ve taken.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Hans, maybe the only other thing I’d add on is, Phil, one of the things we’ve done during the current quarter, we mentioned last time that we’ve reached an agreement with some of the satellite companies to get early clearing on outside the initial 46 C-Band markets. And in those markets, we’re not turning on 60 megahertz, but 100 megahertz of the C-Band. And the difference in the speeds that we’re seeing with 100 megahertz versus 60 is exactly in line with what we’d expect. But it tells us that we have a path to a very, very strong network performance. We really like what we’re seeing on C-Band today. But when we get the full amount deployed, it’s going to be an uptick even further. So we absolutely believe that a network-driven strategy will allow us to continue to perform very well.
Matt Ellis: Hey, Pat, so just maybe one data point for you on fixed wireless. About 30% of our FWA adds, what we would call new, new to Verizon, where we didn’t have an existing relationship with them. So obviously, we like the ability of taking an existing Verizon customer and adding a service. But when you bring a completely new customer on the platform, that’s pretty exciting as well. So hopefully, that helps your question.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Thanks Dave. So, thank you for the question. So, look, as you think about the guide at the EBITDA level, as you say, there is about $1 billion of revenue sequential uptick. But then the offset to that, you have got the promotional spend that is certainly running at a higher level than we thought at the beginning of the year based off what we are seeing in the marketplace. And we are making the assumption that we are going to see that type of level for the balance of the year that’s based in there of the reduction in EBITDA growth from the 2% to 3% down to the minus 1.5% to flat, 75 basis points to 100 basis points of that is coming from inflation and our assumption of that for the full year versus our original plans for the year. On the working capital side, you have got a couple of things playing in there. One is, over the last couple of years, we have had some artificial working capital headwinds caused by COVID as volumes came down. Transaction volumes came down. That gave us some lower EPP balances that was a favor to working capital. We now, of course, see volumes increasing again. And so you have got that reverting to more normal levels, on top of which, moving to 36-month EPP will increase the amount of outstanding balances versus what we saw pre-COVID. So, we will work through a large chunk of that this year. And I would expect to see less of a working capital headwind half of this year, but that’s certainly in the – you will see that in the free cash flow right now. We feel very good about the cash flow generation about the business going forward and what we will achieve as we work through this current period. Hans, I will hand it over to you for the union question.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Hans, maybe just a couple of things. Mike, if you think back pre-COVID, Verizon Business Group had very strong performance. Obviously, COVID was very disruptive to the Business segment. You have seen the recovery in net adds over the past year now be very strong. And you are seeing that show up in the service revenue growth, up to 3% this quarter, up sequentially two quarters in a row now. And we do expect that to continue at a strong pace. And as Hans said, we are not going to comment on multiyear outlook at this point, but certainly feel like the actions that we are taking and have taken and will continue to work on put us on a path to EBITDA growth as we go forward here. So, look forward to, obviously, updating you on that as we get into next year.
Matt Ellis: Yes, Hans, nothing really to add on the margin side. There are obviously a number of apps forward for us. And we will – we have high expectations for the results we will produce. On the inventory part of your question, we took a decision that, I think was obviously a smart way of approach in the market to say there was more uncertainty around supply chain, both the availability of the physical item and also the supply chain’s ability to deliver that item from factory to us in a predictable fashion. And so we have built some cushion into our supply chain model. And you can see that in the inventory levels. There is certainly scope for us as we feel more comfortable about the predictability of the supply chain to return inventory levels closer to historical levels is once you account for the difference in rates of the price of the product. But certainly, absolutely, I would expect to see inventory levels have the opportunity to reduce.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So look, obviously, we – the team continues to work through the competitive marketplace, as I mentioned earlier. I do expect to see a topple in a little bit of a problem in churn in the third quarter here because of some customer reaction to the pricing actions we have taken. We would expect to compete effectively during the holiday season as we get into new device launches in the fourth quarter. So, I would expect us to start to show up with obviously different numbers at that time of the year. And then we will continue to work to be as competitive on a disciplined fashion in the market as we need to be.
