Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brady, and Happy New Year to all of you. First of all, 2020 was a challenging year and I can only say that I’m super proud how Verizon responded to the changing environment during 2020. And we supported our customers, our employees and society in a way that I’ve never seen before. So, all in all, a great year. At the same time, we executed well on our strategy and so that we had really good financial performance as well. When it comes to our 2020 strategic priorities, let me walk through the execution of them. First of all, strengthening and grow the core business, I’m really proud to announce that we continue to have the best network in the nation. We just got for the 15th time the overall best network with RootMetrics on all seven different categories. That includes 5G, which is so important to us that we continue to have that lead. I'm also happy to announce that we won for the 26th consecutive time the J.D. Power’s award. It tells a lot about our network and technology team, how they have been building a network and how we continue to lead this market. When it comes to the customer innovation, you have seen us working with our customers to give them richer offering, and also even better performance on the network. This year with Disney+, Discovery+, also adding in the iPhone 5 from Apple has, of course, supported a lot of innovation that we're doing in the Verizon Consumer Group. And we see a great migration of our customers to unlimited and to the premium unlimited. Finally, you can see also that Verizon Business Group has a year on investments to see that we are putting a foundation to be much stronger for the future had good growth in the wireless, and also in some areas like the public sector, very good performance and also adding local new customers on the enterprise side. When it comes to us leveraging the assets to drive new growth, the commitments we did in February 2020 when it comes to 5G were all met or exceeded. I'm extremely happy with that. We now have 64 Ultra Wideband cities. We are more than 10 cities on our home 5G Ultra Wideband, we have 10 Mobile Edge Compute centers public with Amazon. All in all, we deployed more than 5x more Ultra Wideband sites during 2020. And we launched the nationwide 5G that now is covering 230 million POPs in 2,700 cities. On the financial side, a strong year ended where we had more than 2% growth in the wireless service revenue. We also have growth on our EPS in the fourth quarter, over 7%. We had an operational cash flow full year of $41.8 billion, which is a growth of 17%. A very strong year that put us in a good position while going into 2021. And finally, we’ve a really large focus on how to include all our four stakeholders in the work we are doing. And I’m really proud of the Citizen Verizon that we launched during last year, which is a great way for us to see that the society aspect is part of our strategy, where, of course, our focus on being carbon neutral is very important; and the second green bond was launched at the second half of 2020. So, all in all, I’ve to say, it was a very different year, but a great execution where we hit all our strategic milestones at the same time as we pivot and supported all our stakeholders. At the November sell-side event, I presented the five vectors of growth. Those are the vectors that is based on our strategy of Network-as-a-Service. Those are also the enablers for us to get to GDP plus. We have great traction on them, and we also have done quite a lot in 2020, all the way from the 5G adoption to the customer differentiation that I talked a lot about, the new markets that we are addressing still pending the acquisition of TracFone, but we have other segments we are addressing, as well as the next-generation business-to-business application based on our unique Mobile Edge Compute offering that we have with Amazon, also now with Microsoft and many other partners. And finally, the network monetization with our MVNO partners, which are enjoying the best network that we have and we are building. All in all, this is built on the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network that we outlined some 3 years ago and giving us the opportunity to have great execution in the future. With that, I would like to hand over to Matt to go through the financials in a little bit more detail.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. Let me review the 2021 priorities based on the four pillars of strategic priorities, starting with the core business. And as you heard Matt talking about accelerating the service revenue, I’m pleased that we are guiding for a plus 3% wireless service revenue growth in 2021. That’s based on that we will continue to differentiate our value proposition for customers. We also will continue to invest in our Verizon Business Group to capture that potential we see in the Business segment with a new platform that we are developing together with our customers. When it comes to our 5G and investing in our business, we have a big year in front of us in 2021. Again, we are going to almost double the amount of 5G Ultra Wideband sites. We are going to have 14,000 new sites coming in during 2021. That will enable us to continue to increase with plus 20 cities when it comes to 5G Ultra Wideband. And we are also going to add some plus 20 5G Home cities, at the same time, focusing very much on the 5G Mobile Edge Compute with 10 more sites when it comes to the public side. And then on the private side, we will scale that network together with the demand that has come as we know already, all underpinned with the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network and the fiber that we are deploying. When it comes to the financial, Matt talked about that we continue to focus on to accelerating the earnings per share growth, now with guidance of $5 to $5.15 earnings per share. The year 2020 solidified our balance sheet, and we will be continued focused on the cash flow generation. And finally, when it comes to our culture and our purpose, we have very much focused on the customer-centricity and the brand strength that we have built in the market. That will continue, as well as we will have also the Citizen Verizon totally included in the overall strategy. You see that we are managing all the four stakeholders that is making the success for Verizon in the future. So very clear, a year of execution. We have progressed one more year on the Verizon 2.0. We are in a great position. I’m really excited to go into 2021. I’m pleased to announce that we will have our normal Investor Day in the early part of 2021. We will come back with the exact date in due time. And by that, I would like to hand over to Brady for Q&A.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Phil. Let me start by the subscribers then. I mean, first of all, we came into the third quarter already, I mean, we have our model with the migration of customers, giving them a better network and a better experience, and that is really how we are managing our base and we came with a good momentum in the third quarter. And so in the fourth quarter, we had service revenue growing more than 2%. That we said also in the guidance. That's so important for us because we have a model where our net addition is part of our strategy, how we move them up. And as Matt said, we have now more than 60% of our customers on unlimited, but more important, I mean, if you look in the fourth quarter, 90% of the new net adds took unlimited, and out of those 55 to premium. And the premium is of course where we are at the end of 5G we're adding in Discovery+, Disney+ the way that our -- that Ronan and his team has worked in with these migration path and we believe and as you heard in the guidance that Matt talked about, we believe that we can continue that work with the organic service -- wider service revenue growth with a model we now have, and we have proven the model over the years. And let's also remember the business side has performed very well when it comes to the wireless account. I mean, we are so strong with the public sector with large enterprises on the wireless side. So that is giving us a lot of positives going into 2021, with the guidance we’ve of continued service revenue growth on the wireless side. And we will constantly measure what actions we're taking, but we feel good about it. When it comes to the fiber question, yes, we continue to roll out fiber. We're probably in the year three or four right now. We -- I would say, we -- the majority or vast majority of all the 5G sites they have our own fiber. We are migrating our 4G sites where it's a good return on investment t our own fiber. And over time, we will also open up opportunities for resell to our -- to enterprise customers and wholesale. So I think that we are seeing that benefit already on the 5G build, because we are using our own fiber. To get the full impact, we also have a couple of years left in order to have it in all the areas. But we are coming far away on a fiber build and we will continue to do it where it makes sense from a return on investment. So we feel really good about that and that’s part of our Verizon Intelligent Edge Network.
Hans Vestberg: Yes, absolutely. We are excited about the 5G in 2021. I mean, on the mobility side, we're already seeing monetization happening. I mean in the fourth quarter, with so many customers taking the premium and going for unlimited, that's sort of where we have our sweet spot with the 5G. And, of course, with the Apple iPhone right now in 5G that has now kicked off that, so that you will see through the year when it comes to our mobility case. When it comes to 5G Home, we’ve very solid progress in 2020, came out with this new CP, we added some 12 cities, now with 5G Home with the NR technology. And our plan is doing a 20 plus markets more in 2021. So now we're starting to get a solid foundation for the 5G Home. And as you heard in my remarks, I mean, we're doubling the amount of sites almost in 2021. So, we're now getting to a very, very solid positioning there. But I said before on the Ultra Wideband deal, we're building it mainly in the very dense urban areas and then in stadiums, et cetera in the beginning. So we covered less of houses or residential in the beginning. But as these continue right now, we're capturing more and more. So I'm really excited. We also know that the CPE is really good so and the self-install is working well. So we're looking forward to seeing that happening over the year more and more. On the 5G Mobile Edge Compute, we have a great funnel of customers on the Business side. And we are not expecting that will be in significant revenues into '21, but you're going to see a lot of customers signing up for the 5G Mobile Edge Compute both the private and the public in '20 -- in '21, in order for us to have a very solid base going in to '22. So, a lot of excitement around 5G. I think we have built it absolutely right. We have an opportunity in front of us that we have been working on for a couple of years right now. So, I'm happy with my sales team. I'm happy with the technology team, and we have a big year in front of us.
Hans Vestberg: Let me start, I mean, on the 3% growth, I think we have our strategy when it comes to how to grow with the migration of customers and all of that. And as always, the team is validating how to make offerings, if we should be more aggressive or not, but we always think about do long-term positive impacts for our shareholders financially. And you have seen us now working for the last 2.5 years since we launched unlimited, we are doing the right things in order to make a long-term impact positively for shareholders and for our customers. And so especially Ronan and the team, they’ve quite a lot in the portfolio, but we have now proven that this model is working when it comes to migration of unlimited with the best network and adding in also new value-added services, everything from Disney+, the Discovery+, Apple Music and it might be more coming up in the year as well. So, I'm confident that guys have that in the portfolio. And as you heard about the Disney+, it's -- I think it's just unheard of how we can help the direct to consumers. I mean, two thirds are signing up or more than two thirds are signing up to continue to service after 1 year. I don't -- I think that is something standing out. On the EBITDA, Matt will come back later on, but I can say that we continued with efficiency. And it's the reason why we are giving a guidance that we will grow the EPS again, and the majority or all of it is basically above the line, as Matt said. So this is operational improvements, and improvements as we are growing our top line. Again, we have proven the model, the five vectors of growth and now we're in the middle of executing. And finally, on CapEx. This is what we need to do right now. We -- the technology team has all the means to have to execute on a strategy with assets we'll have to date. The only thing I can say, as I said, I'm not sure how many times before. We will only increase CapEx if we find something that has a really good return on investment. And then we'll come back and talk about it. Right now, we have everything that we need to execute the plans that we have in front of us.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. On the Verizon Media Group, I just want to remember you that we started this journey somewhere in 2018, resetting the overall strategy of Verizon Media Group. We started with that. We started to take out cost. We changed the product portfolio. We went into a very clear brand value of trust and privacy. The team has just done an outstanding job. I mean, they have bringing this from sort of going down with a decrease in growth of 15% to 20% per quarter. And now they're turning around with extremely sharp products as including also consolidating some, I'm not sure if it was 10 or 15 different ad tech platforms to one. I think it's great. We have put them in a position that we are really happy with. So, I'm looking for how these guys will execute, and we are now in the position where I wanted it to be.
Hans Vestberg: And then, David, on your question on the VBG volumes. So certainly, as you think about what we've seen this year, especially in the public sector part of Verizon Business Group, very, very strong year. Obviously, some of that is due to the circumstances that we've seen across the country. So I would actually be very happy if we saw some pressure on those volumes in the second half of the year. That would mean good things were happening elsewhere that would be very supportive of our Consumer business, very supportive of our SMB businesses as well. So certainly, it's part of some of the uncertainty that exists as we think about the year, but just wanted to call out the fact that if we see the improvements we expect, we may see the -- some impact there on the public sector side of our Verizon Business Group volumes. But as I say, I think that would be more than offset by other parts of the business. So, what you've seen and what we expect in '21 is a continuation of what you saw in 2020 is that as we have so many different parts of the business, irrespective of how the macro environment plays out, we can put together very strong consolidated results.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. No, first of all, you're absolutely right. On the wireless side, our D2C strategy is great. We have a platform that nobody else, when it comes to distribution, brand and network, and we can cope with this. We are not going to have 100 different type of offerings. But the discovery+, the Disney+, they are sort of super A brands that we want to work with or Apple Music. We will look for more of these to see that they're fitting into our customer base, that they like it and are willing both to upgrade and migrate. So, we will continue with that. On the Fios side, of course, we will continue with the video right now. But you’ve seen us also starting with Mix & Match, starting to shop up this because ultimately, I want our customers to have choices. And I want them to choose. If they want the D2C solution or if they want a linear or they want over-the-top, they should be able to choose it. And look at the numbers in the fourth quarter again. We continue to grow our Fios Internet customers and we have a decline in the video customers. That's good for us, I mean, financially. But ultimately, it is to meet our customers' needs. And I think the whole setup that we did in Verizon 2.0 is just catered for us to do things that we never thought about before. We have a Consumer division thinking about how are we now delivering to consumers and that's what you see in the numbers. That's what you see in the numbers that we have. We have the same in Verizon Business Group. They are thinking totally different we have done before. And we still have more to do with platforms and things to be even more scalable and be able to bring more to the bottom line. But I have to say, I'm pleased and I hope that you guys, what you see, are pleased as well. I mean the strategy is working. We have the five vectors of growth. We are going into 2021, we have proof points on all those five, including the video strategy you asked about.
Hans Vestberg: I think that was outlined -- the guidance for 2021, we are looking for profitable growth. And that is how Verizon has worked as long as I recall. Now I haven't been here all my life, but we work with profitable growth. And that is in the Consumer group as well. We will see that we have the best offers for our customers and we will manage our P&L at the same time and we will be aggressive, if it's needed, to get long-term effects. But as you can see from the guidance, it's a profitable growth we're looking for. We should be able to both grow as well as making that a profitable growth and that's in the guidance.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. So Brett, just in summary on the COVID assumption and the EPS guidance, I think I'd say was certainly some level of pressures will continue to exist on the business throughout the year. I would say it's -- we're not overly pessimistic, but we're not overly optimistic either. We assumed some level of pressures that you saw from the second half of the year, our ability to still execute within that type of environment. In terms of the fourth quarter, as you say, there was actually the COVID impact was actually a $0.02 benefit. And what you saw there was a couple of one timers, but primarily it was a case of the revenue pressures we saw declining versus what we'd seen in 2Q and 3Q. You think you -- media as an example, which had been significantly hit by COVID impacts earlier in the pandemic, but certainly no impact in 4Q as we recorded that 11% revenue growth there. So those revenue -- some of the revenue headwinds moderated in the fourth quarter, the expense benefits continued. That's why you saw the $0.02 net benefit, which actually completely offsets the $0.02 headwind from 606. So, if you kind of think about in the fourth quarter, 606 and COVID have a no net impact on the results, and that $1.21 stands on its own the 7% increase on a year-over-year basis.
Matthew Ellis: Hey, John, so back to your couple of questions around the guide. As you think about the 3% service revenue, it's really a combination of subs and ARPA. Hans, obviously talked through all of the things that will drive the opposite side of the equation. But we certainly do expect subs growth, account growth, and net add growth is important to our business as well. We will do that in a disciplined way. We're not going to chase unprofitable growth, but you should expect to see volume growth in the business as well as ARPA growth. And then the margin improvement, cost savings where, as you mentioned, we're close to the achieving the $10 billion program well ahead of the end of 2021 timeline that we put in place. But just because we hit that doesn't mean we -- it doesn't mean we'll stop. There is significant opportunities to continue to make our business more efficient. The teams are very focused on those. And you know that the $10 billion goal won't change us -- won't slow us down at all from continuing with that. As you think about margin improvement, obviously, revenue will be a big driver of that. And then you combine that with the cost savings. The one thing I would say is, as we have an improvement in EBITDA margin dollars, if we have equipment revenue increase this year, which we would certainly be glad to see an indication of the overall economic activity picking up, you'd see an impact of that in the EBIT margin. So you could have EBIT dollars grow, but margins not grow as much just because of the impact on the numerator and denominator from the equipment revenue. But we're certainly very much focused on the dollar side of that equation, and excited with the guide we have for the year.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. Craig, I think the retention side of the business is performing very, very well and we are doing that through the quality of the network, the quality of the customer experience and not having to do anything additional to drive that type of retention numbers that you see. So, it's been a very strong story there, and we would expect that to continue.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So just back on the postpaid churn, Mike, for a second. Certainly, there is a pandemic contribution, but as Hans mentioned, a lot of Verizon specific pieces too. I'd also point out that the fourth quarter churn number included the impact. If you think about the Stay Connected customers, there was a delay in those customers going all the way through a collections process and so on. And so, you had a positive benefit from that in Q2 and 3Q, a little bit of a catch up in 4Q. But even with that, a very strong churn number, and it's just based off of the best network experience as you saw confirmed again by RootMetrics yesterday. When you put that together with everything else we do, customers who get on the Verizon network want to stay on the Verizon network.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Hans. So on, the cash flow question, Doug, so when you talk about the swing factors, obviously, it starts with higher earnings for the year. Above the line earnings will be obviously the largest driver in the cash flow for 2021. In terms of things that potentially go the other way from a cash flow standpoint, we would expect obviously higher earnings will lead to higher cash taxes. But in addition to that, we had the $2.2 billion one-time cash tax benefit in the second quarter last year that obviously won't repeat. So that will be a year-over-year difference in the cash flow. And then working capital, as you say, the biggest item in working capital is going to be in the receivables side, predominantly on the handsets. Obviously, as volumes go down, the amount of device payment contracts with customers we are doing goes down as well. So, even if we don't see an uptick in volumes this year, if they're just flat year-over-year, you have the removal of that tailwind from last year. So, all in all, you're going to see the increase from higher earnings with some offsets from cash taxes and hopefully on the equipment receivables side are going to be the key factors in there.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So, Peter, I think that's exactly it. If the 3% plus service revenue guide is going to drive -- is driving the EPS growth, that's in the guide as well. So certainly, it's profitable growth. In terms of comparing it to historical incremental revenue, I think there is obviously different components all the time. But absolutely, everything that we're doing to step customers up from a revenue standpoint also creates incremental lifetime value with those customers. So, you should expect that to be a continuation of how we approach the marketplace that we bring customers on, and we do it in a way that creates significant economic value for us over the long-term as we provide best-in-class experiences for those customers. Nothing changes there in our mindset.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So thanks, Colby. Maybe I'll go in reverse order there. We -- while we expect TracFone to close in the second half of the year, our guidance is -- it doesn't assume any significant impact on the EPS during the year. But we will update that if necessary, during the year. Corporate taxes, our assumption, as you heard in the guide, 23% to 25%, that's where we've been the last few years. Obviously, we do our outlook based off of what is on the legislative books. And so, we do it based on what's there right now. We look forward to seeing how the new administration works on a number of different issues. And if that changes the way we look at the business going forward, we will obviously talk about that at the appropriate time. But we are very confident in the business. Look, we had good dividend coverage when we had a much higher tax rate not too many years ago. So while we certainly believe that the current rate has been very helpful in job creation and in economic growth creation, we are certainly very comfortable with how our business is set up as the administration is looking at different things. And in terms of CapEx, I think what you're seeing is a very efficient capital deployment model within the Company. That's why you see a guide that's in line year-over-year as we continue to do all of the things that we've done, whether that be on LTE, the 5G build. You heard Hans talk about our goals for the Ultra Wideband build this year, continuing the fiber build out. And so, I think the team has got a very good momentum going there. As they've got more into those things, the efficiencies continue, that's why you see the guide where it is.
