Francis J. Shammo: Yes, thanks Phil I appreciate it. So look, I mean, as we came into the year, we said that one of the top priorities we had was to protect our high quality base and that's what you're seeing. Look, we want to continue to grow from a net subscriber base both in phones, but as I've said before smartphones are going to be a slower growth for the entire industry as it gets more densified. But just a couple things that happened this quarter that did have an impact on our overall growth and really it was more from a gross add basis because as you saw we gave you for the first time our phone churn which is at a 0.90% for the last six consecutive quarters. So you can see that we are continuing to maintain that base and protect our base. But of course this quarter, some things happened that affected our inward bound or gross adds. One was, as we previously talked when the competitive world launches new price plans and this quarter was around unlimited and obviously we did not respond to that. But as I've said, there's going to be a two to three-week period of time where there is an impact to our growth and we saw that. But as I've always said, after that three weeks everything kind of normalizes back out. So once we got through with that we were off to a really good start with the Samsung Note 7 and then unfortunately there was a total recall of that phone which definitely impacted our growth because historically Verizon has always been the number one leader in high-end Samsung phones, so that certainly impacted us. And then of course we had the Apple launch and as normal everyone is in a backlog situation. So that's just a couple of things. The other thing we saw this quarter as well was we are totally focused on smartphones and you saw that our net smartphone growth was 242,000 and that's really where we're focused in on. As you saw also we made some moves in prepaid because where we're losing the subscribers is mostly in the basic phone category and we know that our postpaid pricing is more premium to the marketplace and less attractive to that segment. So we did launch some new prepaid pricing and what we did see was, we saw a double amount of our postpaid subscribers move over to our prepaid more than we've seen in history and that accounted for a little less than 50% of our prepaid net adds this quarter. So we did see some shift in our base, but the good news there is, is that we didn't lose the customer. We maintained the customer at least on the Verizon wireless network. So going forward as I've always said, we will continue to be very rational in our competitive response. We will respond when we need to. Obviously, we responded on the equipment side of the equation, but as we continue here unlimited is still not something that we're going to move to, but as you saw also we launched new pricing this quarter which we believe also addressed two of the major pain points for our customers. One was overage and we saw over 7 million of our customers moved to the new safe mode plans that we constructed which will protect them from getting overage charges in the future. And then second, we also allow them to now carryover if they buy an extra gig the month, if that gig is not totally used we allow them to carry that into the next quarter for usage for 30 days. So we have seen some really positive responses within our base, but obviously there was some impact on the gross adds and some of the competitive environment and we'll go into the fourth quarter very strong. And as I said, we will continue to strive to grow all aspects of our business.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, thanks, John. So look, I mean I'm not going to get into the agreement. Obviously we're under nondisclosure with Comcast on that agreement and the other cable providers, but look, I mean we knew what we entered when we bought the licenses back just several years ago. This is a wholesale agreement and as Lowell and I have repeatedly said, we would do the agreement today again if we had to. I mean, it's a good agreement for Verizon Wireless. It is a good wholesale agreement. I can't speak to the economics of what they're going to do. You have to ask them that question, but look as I've said before, the wireless pie continues to grow. Everyone wants to get a piece of this pie. The industry itself will continue to grow around that pie, so it's not like I believe the industry. With the carriers will lose share to anyone. I just think there's going to be more opportunity for growth. If you look at the future and you think about the LTE densification projects that we have going on and then you look at the whole 5G world for fixed wireless. That's going to enter into a whole new growth trajectory for the entire industry. So look, again we'll compete against the competition, we'll compete against new entrants in the marketplace, we'll wait to see what's launched. And as I said before, we will respond where we need to respond and we'll wait to see what happens.
Francis J. Shammo: Thanks, Michael. I'll take the first pool, I'm going to put the earnings one to Matt. So for the 5G obviously we've been mainly centered around lab testing of 5G we are now moving out into the commercial trial which we're going to span out across several different cities with several different types of testing, with different OEMs. So I wanted to give you an example, one city may be very density going into multidivisional job areas another one might be more urban with just looking at single-family homes. So, we're going to test this in very different types of commercial environments. The big issue that still has to be answered quite honestly is the scaling of the technology. So for each small cell how much can each small cell deliver to how many households and still deliver a consistent 1 Gb of speed or some speed that is comparable to a broadband connection to the home. So that still has to be answered and we expect to do gain more knowledge around that in 2017 with the number of commercial trials that we're going to launch. So at this point, that's really all there is just talk about I'm from a 5G perspective. Matt, I'll turn it over to you.
Francis J. Shammo: All right, thanks Craig. So on yahoo, look Lowell and Craig have both commented on this recently. So let me just reiterate what they have said. We are still evaluating what it means for this transaction. This was an extremely large breach that has received a lot of attention from a lot of different people. So we have to assume they will have a material impact on Yahoo. Lawyers had their first call yesterday with Yahoo to provide us information but as I understand that's going to be a long process. So unless Yahoo comes up with different process it's going to take some time to evaluate this. So until then we haven't reached any final conclusions around this issue. As far as the privacy goes, look I think there's a couple of things here. I mean obviously we take privacy and security of our customers extremely seriously. We live under the regulation of the SEC which has a very high standard for carriers around privacy and what we're looking for is that the FTC and the FCC come out with a common rule that makes it competitive across the entire ecosystem and that the rules are more consistent and so that everyone can compete equally and there's no winners and losers within the ecosystem. So we look forward to reviewing the final order of privacy from the FCC and hopefully the FTC and then we'll have to react to that. But look, I mean we're operating AOL today under the current environment and we will continue to operate and as you saw we'll continue to grow AOL under that purview of the privacy regulation. So I think we'll just have to wait to see where this all comes out, but we're hoping that it's an equal playing field across the board.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, thanks Tim. So look, on the CapEx trend, I mean I think this was all related to the strike that we experienced in the second quarter and we're not going to be able to catch up on that from an overall year-over-year perspective. So that's why we've revised the guidance to the lower end of our range. But we're still spending around $17.2 billion this year in CapEx. The other thing too is, you have to remember, we're spending our CapEx around wireless for LT densification and as we have talked many, many times before, we do our usage projections well in advance of where we believe that usage will come and obviously we know that video is the major driver of the usage. With a 45% increase year-over-year I think the satnav is over 90% of our data usage is on the LTE network. We see that continuing to increase. So we're really preparing for two years out from where our usage is today. So we are densifying the network and we've seen this movie before where CapEx trend goes down and user catches up and then all of a sudden the networks falter. So look, I think the RootMetrics report speak for themselves once again we want hands down across the country. That is the brand that we live by and we will continue to build and densify our networks to meet our customer's demands before they actually realize they need it.
Francis J. Shammo: Yes, I think that's right. I mean I think we've made some strategic moves here around diversification. We know that the Telematics business is a business that has high potential and if you looked across the industry there are a lot of competitors in there, but no one really has a big share within that marketplace and we want to gain more share within that marketplace and we think we can with the assets that we've accumulated between Telogis and Fleetmatics here. So we'll continue to move in that direction, but I don’t think that there is anything large on the table at this point. We now have to integrate those assets and that's what our Telematics Group is actually doing right now. And as you saw, we launched Hum. Hum came out of the Telematics Group although it is for the majority sold through Verizon Wireless. It actually is a product to come out of the Telematics Group. So we will continue to innovate in that area. You're starting to see us do a little few things around smart cities because we believe that with the pre-positioning of 5G and the latency issues smart cities is going to be an area of growth for the future. I mean we have demonstrated with certain cities where we're deploying it now that we can actually save them money on a lot of different things and that their payback is relatively quick. So I think that is just something that we're positioning for the future. And then around media Co. obviously we have the Yahoo asset sitting out there, but to date we have accumulated assets that we believe are really strategic for us to grow this business. And as we've said before, we know that the wallet share of consumer for communications has been flat for relatively the last 15 to 20 years. So we have to think about a different way to monetize our network capability and that monetization will come through advertising. And it's real simple, I mean, the equation is, if you get more views, you get more advertisers, therefore you generate more revenue. And we see that now with AOL, even with the 10% increase in revenue year-over-year which is the first time we've given that to you, we're starting to see that advertisers are coming to our platforms. So now we just have to integrate and execute on that model and we believe we have the right assets to do that. So the long and short of the answer is, there is nothing large out there that we need to be successful with at this point in time.
Francis J. Shammo: No, I think the big differentiation here Amir is, we're developing content for short foremen and really for life and that's really the differentiation is short form content whether that's over the top or via mobile. Also I think the differentiation for us is the integration across our platform. So if you go to AOL now you're going to start to see Complex come through. You will see RatedRed and seriously TV in the future come through on that platform. If you look at the NFL we've adopted that into the go90 platform and I know there's been some articles around viewership of NFL. We've actually seen a healthy increase year-over-year on our platform around the NFL. So, you know, we are headed in the right direction. The key learnings here have been, you need to have the right content that is appealing to the audience that you're going after and you've seen us make moves. You're going to see us move out of certain content that was originally in go90 that just isn't the right content. But sports news live original content is with the direction that we're taking on this platform and we think we will be successful with that.
Francis J. Shammo: Thanks Mike. Before we end I want to highlight just a few key points. Number one, we are focused on maintaining leadership in network quality customer loyalty and financial performance. Strategically, we are aggressively building new businesses with revenue streams and ecosystems are expanding the entire industry. I am confident that Verizon will remain a leading player in the next growth phase of the industry and create value for our shareholders. Finally, I want to thank the Board, our investors and all of you on this call. It has been a pleasure working with all of you. It has been an honor and privilege to serve as the CFO of Verizon for the last six years. Thank you again for joining Verizon and have a great day.
Matt Ellis: Good morning, Simon. So your question about 2017 and where that GDP like topline growth will come from, so let's break it down by the different parts of the business predominately in Wallace as we've said we've been doing this transition. You've seen the year-over-year service revenue trajectory continue to improve. We had negative 6.2% in the first quarter. That came down to 5.4% in the second quarter and 5.2% this quarter. So as we go into 2017 we now have 60% of the base on the non-subsidized pricing. That will continue to expand and that will obviously be a contributor to the improvement in revenue next year. And as Fran mentioned earlier, we expect to get back to year-over-year growth by the end of the year in service revenue. We expect to see consistent trends within the wireline business, but remember we only have one quarter of Frontier in the 2016 comparison as we get into 2017. And then as you saw in our comments, we continue to make good progress in IOT and in the video advertising space and we continue to expect those pieces to continue to contribute to the revenue as we head into 2017. So when you add all those things up, we're confident at this point in time that we will be on track to deliver that GDP type topline growth and look forward to giving you more color commentary on that in our January call.
Matt Ellis: Yes, so had a good quarter in Wireline as you saw the EBITDA margin improved to 21.02% so you're starting to see some of that improvement we've been talking about especially as we got out of the impacts from the work stoppage. So as we've said we expect that the new union contract would generate $500 million of cash savings through the term of the contract spread across 2017, 2018, and 2019, so you should certainly see that come through. We believe that you will continue to see the wireline margin expand. We had a good expansion in the past quarter and you should see us continue to make progress on that as we go forward into the fourth quarter and then into 2017.
Matt Ellis: Yes, good morning, Mike. In terms of the EPS growth for next year and where does she come out, she has stopped topline and we've already talked about how you get to that GDP type growth next year and the changes year-over-year that you should expect to see. And then you're layering in on top of that the continued cost improvements we talked in your layer and I'll talk about the continued cost improvements we talked about in Wallace. Obliviously it started last year with the restructuring of the business. We continue to make good efforts in reducing the cost to run the business whether that's reducing the number of calls we receive, we're reducing the transaction times and moving more of the transactions online, et cetera, ct cetera and you should see more of that continue. Wireline, we have the full year benefit of the new union contract coming through. You've seen some of the headcount changes that we talked about that we'll continue to help us expand the margin there. And then in the other parts of the business whether it will be the IOT or the videos we continue to add scale there. The margins there should improve. So when you add those things up you kind of get to an improvement in EPS that we think is in line with what the expectation out on the street should be.
Matt Ellis: Yes, so I think what this one comes back to Brett is and Fran talked about it within the basic the continued growth of our 14 smartphone base we had net adds of 357,014 smartphones during the quarter. That has obviously contributing we saw a very strong adoption from our existing base to the new price plans. We saw a number of those customers step up in terms of the buckets they are purchasing and so I think you see that we have a very strong relationship with our base and our consumers continue to take full advantage of the network. We've seen video use or total usage on the wireless network up about 45% this year and you continue to see that show up in the after trend. So yes, as you think about heading into 2017 we expect to see especially as we've got 60% of the base now on the non-subsidize pricing, we expect to continue to see some strong ARPA trends as we go forward into next year.
Matt Ellis: No that sounds pretty much it would expect Apple to get caught up as we go through the quarter here and we will see how that plays out.
Matt Ellis: Yes, I think what you're seeing on feature phones is and Fran mentioned this in our earlier remarks that you're seeing some part of the move to prepaid has come from the feature phones. Look, we will have some people who have feature phones in postpaid stay as postpaid customers and we're very happy to glad that they will do that, but we also expect to see some of those continue to move into a prepaid environment which may be a better place for them to be. We also continue to see people moving from feature phones to smartphones and when we get that we see increased usage with those customers as well. So we will continue to monitor that, but we're happy with the trends, where they are going at the moment.
