Francis Shammo: Hi, thanks John. Good morning. On the upgrades side, obviously the volume of upgrades this year were less than last year given all of the policy changes that we made and also keep in mind that at the end of 2012, we also had a free iPhone for the first time on our network, so that drove a lot of upgrade activity year-over-year so we had less volume this year. As far as the Edge program, the Edge program is going very well for us, but I would tell you just to give you a sense, it’s generating less than 1% of our profitability right now. So this is not a significant portion of our portfolio, but obviously given the competitive environment here. First off, let me just reiterate the fact that I know there has been a lot of questions around a price war and if you really look at what’s going on really what’s the shift of pricing is between service and equipment and really when you do the math, there really isn’t much of a price decrease here. It’s just a shift of how that’s marketed into the consumer market. So obviously, Edge is important to us from a competitive standpoint, but I am not going to give guidance John on where our upgrade rate will be in ‘14. As I said, I will give more guidance here once we close the Vodafone transaction. We have a shareholder vote here in a week. So I think it’s – it would put us in a – at a very peculiar situation to give a further guidance at this point in time. So I will give more guidance on that at the end of the first quarter. So that’s where we stand. 
Francis Shammo: Hi, thanks Phil. Good morning. So Wireline margin, look I think that I had been pretty clear on this. Coming into this year, I said we would be flat given a lot of headwinds that we have from some of these startup products we have, especially around the Redbox joint venture, VDMS and some other things in there. So look, we are very optimistic that we can improve this margin in 2014. As far as top line, what I gave here today is we are very confident that we can sustain the 4% plus top line growth on the Wireline consumer piece of this. And as you noticed, we did our price ups here in the fourth quarter of this year which is different than what we have done in the past and that was to prepare us for obviously the January 1st which is when content cost go up in all of our contractual arrangements. So we have put ourselves in a position this year to offset that content increase which we weren’t in a position last year. So we have done some strategic things from a top line perspective. Obviously enterprise continues to be a press point and I would say that we don’t plan for that to change in ’14 and I’ve said that coming into ’13 and leaving ’13 that I don’t think we’re going to see much of a change in our enterprise that top-line position in ’14. So I think that the cost cutting measures of Verizon Lean Six Sigma some of the improvement in some of these other ancillary platforms where obviously we acquired Hughes Telematics that is now growing topline revenue coming into the fourth quarter of this year. You probably saw today we just signed another agreement with Hyundai to acquire their business. This is a growing platform but it does put pressure on us because we’re hiring people and it was a loss when we acquired it and continued to be a loss through ’13 and I think that could change some in ’14. So there is a number of things here and I guess what I would say is I’m confident that we can improve the margin of our wireline business going into ’14. As far as the OnCue acquisition, look the focus here is really to accelerate the availability of the next generation IP Video service which will integrate into the FiOS video service and really what we’re trying to do is differentiate this even more so with fiber to the home versus others with the TV offerings and reducing the point in cost and this really accelerates us from if we were try to build IPTV versus buying the IPTV technology. From a FiOS customer perspective we expect the benefits that they will have more elegant search and discovery interactivity and cost screen, ease of use but also keep in mind with the acquisition of Verizon Wireless and becoming 100% ownership of that we also plan to take that platform and integrate it more deeply with our Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network. So that really was the strategy behind this. As far as we enable this platform to take us over the top obviously we have our video digital media services that we have been working on for 2.5 years, we have just made two acquisitions related to that platform. So look I mean we’re positioning ourselves strategically to be in a position to competitively compete around the whole mobile first world and video. So I think that’s where we are. 
Francis Shammo: So I guess this will be the last and final quarter that I ever have to do this, hopefully. Gross debt of $5.3 billion, cash of $3.6 billion and net debt of $1.7 billion. As far as the cost cutting side goes look I mean coming into ’13 we said that Verizon Wireless had already cut about $5 billion worth of cost out of their infrastructure. We said that we were targeting them for another $2 billion in 2013, they actually exceeded that benchmark in 2013 and again I’m going to hold on 2014 here and I will give you more guidance when we get to the end of the first quarter and again it is all around our shareholder vote and the acquisition of the Vodafone transaction. 
Francis Shammo: Yeah so with the change in the discount rate and our assumptions around the return on assets are actual unfunded liability from the end of last year to the end of this year has improved by $2.6 billion. So our unfunded liability at the end of the year is for pension is at $5.9 billion. Now that also is very helpful from us well in the annuitization [ph] that we also did there in the – during the year of ‘13. So it puts us in a very good position with the $1.2 billion minimum contribution that we have into the plan to really start to make this a 100% funded plan. On the OPEB side of the house, our unfunded liability went from $24 billion at the end of 2012 to $19 billion, so a $4.2 billion improvement on that unfunded liability. So when you look at our balance sheet, even with the $8.1 billion of bonds that I paid off, we also had a decrease of over $6 billion in our unfunded liability. So the strength of our balance sheet has really taken off this year with almost $14 billion of a decline in our liabilities. 
Francis Shammo: Yes, thanks Brett. Well, I think the fourth quarter will stand on its own at 1.7 million ads and 824,000 net phone ads with the best quarter we have had since we launched tablets of 625,000. And I think that in a combination of itself will stand on its own. But let’s just go back here a second from a competitive environment standpoint and I have said before we will compete and respond accordingly where we need to. And if you recall coming out of the third quarter this question came up and I said look we are seeing a segment of our base that is responding to some of the competitive offers and we will make the necessary changes that we need to, to compete against those changes. And if you look at our churn in the fourth quarter which was unusual because of a seasonal season, we normally would go up in churn from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. In this year, we sequentially declined by 1 basis point. So I think that tells you that we responded to our base, we listened to our customers and this is what we do. Now, the competitive environment has changed again here in the fourth quarter and you can expect us to respond accordingly. The other thing I would hedge ourselves on that we have built our brand. They are very long-term and we built loyalty with our customers and they come to us because of our network quality and superiority. We have, if you look at the coverage of our LTE network compared to our coverage, we are by far multiple times more coverage than our competitors and some as much as five and six times more coverage than our competitors. If you look at our Share Everything Plans, we continue to change them. We launched a new price plan. You probably picked up yesterday to go after our basic phone customers. And look I mean, we are going to compete in all devices in all markets. I think that another competitive advantage we have is our customer service and the quality of that customer service. If you look at the new store we launched which we call our destination store in Minneapolis, I mean we are going after smartphone customers, but it goes well beyond that from a competitive standpoint. I mean, if you look at that store, we now are going after the sports and fitness with all kinds of devices, music, gamers. We have a whole home section. And of course, we have been talking about the machine-to-machine and tablets for a while now. So again, I think there is more competitiveness than just one little price plan and we will respond accordingly and aggressively and continue to do what we are doing. 
Francis Shammo: So on FiOS yeah so let’s put it in perspective I mean we came out of the third quarter with an extremely good quarter of growth and the environment became extremely competitive and that the competition went after price and dropped pricing accordingly and we were pretty cautious on how we responded to that. We didn’t believe that we wanted to chase some of those price points in the fourth quarter because we know from our customer experience that a lot of customers do not want us intruding in their houses during the holiday season. So we were cautious on how we responded to that and obviously that led to some slower growth that we had from a net add perspective but here is what I would say is if you look at what we have done in 2013 and the concentration of the Copper to fiber migration which we believe is a more profitable customer at the end of the day. They are just voice and DSL customers. So if you look at our internet volumes we actually did over 42,000 more net adds in ’13 with internet on FiOS than we did in 2012. So that really was the concentration and we exceeded that by 30,000. So we came into the year thinking we would get 300,000 and we did 330,000 and what we’re seeing from this space is once we move them with the same price plans either by voice or DSL they are then buying up as their only voice. They are coming over to our FiOS Quantum offer and if they come over they are buying up FiOS Quantum pretty significantly which is generating ARPUs in the range of $15 to $20 over and above what they were as a Copper customer. And as you know we gave a disclosure of 55% of these folks are coming in at 50 megabits and above and we will continue to increase our speeds. We’re working on a new router that’s going to give better in-home performance with all the extra wireless devices that are going on. So when you think about profitability and topline growth FiOS Quantum is extremely important because when you look at broadband versus TV if you look you don’t have the contents of broadband is actually more profitable than the TV product. Now having said that as I said in the third quarter there is a lag, once we move these people in marketing to them and getting to move to the TV. So TV did lag this quarter and I expected it to lag this quarter and I expected to lag as we continue to migrate this extra less than 1 million homes that we have, less than our FiOS footprint. But also want to be clear that we’re not going to build beyond what our current LFAs are and as you said we have 18.5 million homes pass now with about 15.3 open for sale on internet and about 15 for TV. So we have plenty of opportunity here but I would also tell you that again with even with the slower growth in the fourth quarter we still took market share and continue to increase our penetration and New York continues to be our fastest growing market with the most penetration this year over any other market we had in the TV arena. So I think that’s what sets us up for ’14. We will continue to execute on the same things that we have done this year which is concentration on migration and getting those quality customers to buy up in their bundles. On the second question of flow back, look I think it's getting harder and harder for me to zero in on what the flow back is given what the market has done and the short positions and everybody positioning where they are. As we said when we came into this transaction we thought the net flow back would be around 300 million shares but keep in mind we will have somewhere between 4.1 billion and 4.2 billion shares outstanding. So it's a pretty insignificant minimal amount based on the volume of daily trading that we think we will have. So that’s really all the thought I can give you on the flow back at this point in time. 
Francis Shammo: Look on the Edge program as I said earlier we will respond where we think we need to respond. I’m not going to get into what others have done between Edge and subsidy. I mean we had a very successful fourth quarter and what we launched in the marketplace they were receptive to that. We ran a lot of promotions in the fourth quarter and it drove a lot of growth to our business and look, I mean again we will continue to do what we do best, which is we add customers and we are profitable. On the enterprise side of the house, look I mean this is becoming a more and more struggling event here given the uncertainty of the government. Then as you now look to what is more concerned now is the President has nominated Senator Baucus, which who was leading the tax rate format. He has now been nominated to Ambassador of China, which means now that could delay some reform. Now, others are picking it up, but this just gives more room for caution as to what is going to happen in ‘14, are we going to get tax reform, what about the expenders, they haven’t talked about expenders at all. There is a large cliff that we hit here on December 31, which was we lost a lot of credits and obviously the accelerated depreciation deduction is gone. So there is a lot of things that are putting enterprise back on their heels and people are just looking for cost-cutting measures, which mean that means I take a top line decrease in order to maintain that business. From a public sector perspective, look I mean the federal government, our sector there is declining double-digits year-over-year and that is obviously putting a lot of pressure here. There are opportunities in that segment that we are exploring, but the way I would look at this is you have seen us make some moves here around EdgeCast and upLynk and video digital media services and you have seen us make some other moves in our cloud and what we have recently launched with our new cloud products in a beta test. So within security, cloud, datacenters and our advanced communications arena, we are growing revenue year-over-year, even more significantly even strategic services overall. So there are certain niches that are growing, but unfortunately have not enough to offset the other declines that we are seeing just form the public sector and some of these other pressures that we are getting from the large enterprise customers. So again, I think ‘14 will be pretty much flat with where ‘13 was. I don’t expect it to get any worse, but it will be a tough slope for ‘14. 
Francis Shammo: Yes, John thanks for the question. We actually continue to see customers come back. And if you think about this, this is like when you are in your home if you have one or two wireless devices running off of that WiFi at 10 megabits and you start to put three or four devices on that, guess what, you are not getting 10 megabits to those wireless devices anymore, you are getting something significantly less than that. So the only way to compensate for that is to increase the speed into that router, so we see customers 50, 75, 100. I mean as I said, we are going to come out with a new proprietary router that’s going to even increase the speeds even more that are available for those wireless devices as people start to saturate the inside at their homes with tablets and other machine-to-machine connections. So this is an ongoing upgrade that customers are doing. We do this very seamlessly within the Verizon’s FiOS TV product or online, where we pop up things within your TV. You can just click the okay button if you want to upgrade right there and then it automatically does it. There is no phone call needed. So we make it very easy for customers to do that, but yes, we see customers coming back for the second time. 
Francis Shammo: Well, thanks for the question Kevin. It’s pretty little foresight there on divestitures, but look I think Lowell and I have always said, we will always look at opportunities for anything. And if we feel that we can get an adequate return on our – for our shareholders based on the investments we have and the properties we have, then we will execute on that. So look I guess, I would say we always have an open mind but at this point there is nothing on the table for us around that. The properties we have are performing extremely well and we will continue to execute on that. As far as the three year view I guess I will talk maybe a little bit more of that when we get to the end of the first quarter call but again I’m not going to give anymore further guidance. But look I think we’re very satisfied with the asset portfolio we have and with the acquisition of Verizon Wireless and only 100% of that asset you’re going to see us do more things around converged solution. So the wireline assets in my view will actually become more valuable over the longer term here with our footprint. So at this point I would say we’re open but nothing on the table at this point in time. 
Francis Shammo: No because I think look we gave guidance on CapEx, it's 15.5 billion to 17 billion. As I said before obviously wireless won't take a higher percentage of that CapEx spend and on the other areas of the business will take a lower portion of that CapEx spend especially as the FiOS builds continues to slow here. But no there is no strategic change in the way we view our investments and I don’t do investments based on tax law. I didn’t accelerate CapEx spending when the accelerated depreciation went into effect. I don’t anticipate on the slow capital spending because it's not there anymore. So I think we will just continue to drive and execute on what we have from a cash tax standpoint as I said before obviously our cash taxes will go up with the acquisition of the 45% of wireless. I guided for next year when we announce the acquisition that we would be somewhere in 35% to 36% ETR. So I think at this point that’s where we will keep it and I will give you more color once we come out of the first quarter. 
Francis Shammo: Well look I mean it's obviously I think we have shown that we have made the secondary market a very viable market. We have done a number of swaps with Leap, T-Mobile. Sales with T-Mobile and AT&T and some swaps even with AT&T in that key sale that we did. As far as our portfolio obviously we like the 700 megahertz for the coverage of LTE that we did. AWS is our sweet spot at this point in time which is the spectrum that we have been swapping for. So we have a very efficient portfolio of spectrum and I think we have shown through the years that we are very efficient on how we use spectrum. Keep in mind that as I said we will participate in the auctions because we will need more spectrum but right now our current position is with the AWS we have and that we’re launching in markets that you know in New York and San Francisco, Chicago. We’re lighting that spectrum up. It's pretty much completed in New York. We will continue to add to that but keep in mind though too that we will also reappropriate our 3G spectrum to 4G. We will take that PCS spectrum that’s been running in our 3G network as the (indiscernible) of the volume of that network continues to decrease as we move more 3G phones to 4G. We will reappropriate that spectrum over to the 4G LTE. So again you know 3 to 4 years we’re in a very good space from a spectrum holding position but we will participate in the upcoming auctions. 
Francis Shammo: Yes. So Jonathan on this one, look we will participate in the options that are coming up whether it’s the AWS-3 or if it’s the broadcast or whatever the FCC is going to auction here in the future. We have to build our portfolio for the next 10 years out. So as we have done in the past and we have shown that when auctions come up, it’s opportunistic they only come up one time, so you need to participate. And that’s what we showed when we won our 700 megahertz and we won the A and the B blocks a while ago and now we have repositioned that portfolio. We have launched the 700 megahertz in the AWS that we have. So AWS-3 is pleasing to us. Some of the higher frequencies is pleasing to us. So again, I won’t get into – I am not an engineer, so I am not quite sure what happens to have it within the network in order to enable these spectrums, but don’t think it’s much based on what we have done with AWS. So we will participate in upcoming auction. 
Francis Shammo: Yes. Look, I am probably not going to give you that, Jennifer. Look, if you look at a 3G usage moving to a 4G, we know that and we have seen it in our base that as soon as you get on the 4G with video consumption and the quality of video, your usage goes up. So obviously, it’s hard for us to quantify this, because with our Share Everything Plan, you are obviously buying a bundle of minutes that you can share among all devices. But as you can see from our service revenue growth, our ARPA lift, our increasing connections, it’s all coming together as to how these plans were designed. And as I said, we still have a lot of 3G customers and a lot of basic customers for ‘14 that give us a lot of opportunity. So I think I will leave it there and the numbers will speak for itself. 
Francis Shammo: Okay, thanks Mike. Look, our industry has a very healthy competitive environment and we are forecasting continued strong demand for video and broadband across multiple networks. As I said, Verizon will compete aggressively in all of our markets. We will focus on delivering a superior customer experience, one of the best networks in the world. Our customer value proposition and the efficiency delivery of our services will generate growth and profitability. This focus on profitable growth will create value for our shareholders, provide the earnings and cash flow necessary to reinvest in our networks and platforms for future growth and innovation. We are very excited about the future. We will continue to invest, innovate around solutions deliver for our customers, our shareholders and our Verizon employees. So again, Happy New Year everyone and thank you for joining our call this morning. 
