Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Tony. As we pass the midpoint of 2023, I'm pleased by how we're effectively delivering on our priorities, and I'm confident that we will meet the financial goals we set for ourselves for the full year. To summarize, in mobility, our segmented and disciplined approach to the market is working, and our efforts to improve the consumer group's performance will continue throughout the second half of the year. In broadband, the combination of fixed wireless access and fiber is winning as we capitalize on the unique strength and capabilities of both technologies. We continue to have the best network in the market, and our leadership position will only get stronger as we continue to roll out C-band. While we're encouraged by the quarter’s results, there's more work to be done. My leadership team and I are laser focused on delivering what we committed to you at top of the year, strong wireless service revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow, as well as meeting our 2023 financial guidance.  By that, I hand it over to Brady for questions. 
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, John. Let me start with the service revenue. I think we have been extremely focused on the service revenue. As you’re seeing this quarter, we are expanding the growth from the first quarter, but it's many components. I understand you want to know a little bit more about the ARPA expansion, but we definitely see the broadband is adding to our growth. And then of course, our wireless business side is doing extremely well as well, I mean, eighth quarter we’re on 125,000. So, we're actually doing a lot of things in different areas. But then if you go to the consumer group, they have been really good the last couple of quarters right now to be segmenting, targeting the right offering with the right pricing for the customers. And myPlan has been playing in very well to that. And as you heard Tony talking about, 70% are taking the premium plan. So, but that's just the start of it. We're not done, but clearly I’m confident that the team knows how to manage this given how much we invested in research on the consumer side to understand our consumers better. And that's why we launched myPlan. So, all in all, I have to say, the guys are doing well. I'm confident we'll continue on this stride, but maybe Tony can give you some more on that and then we can come back to the lead. 
Hans Vestberg: On the lead, as I said, we take this matter very seriously, and we're doing exactly what you expect from Verizon. We're doing this scientific and fact-based. As Tony said, we're going over the different places that we pointed out by media and doing our own measurements with internal and external experts. And that's where we are. And we will do this very thorough. We are always doing things thorough. We do it fact-based, scientific, and that's how we're going to do, and that's what you should expect from us. 
Hans Vestberg: I think it's about execution on the framework we have built right now. The guys have everything. Sampath and the team, together with Tony and me, they have the full support. We have a new platform in myPlan. We're segmented up the market. We work with financial discipline. The target we have, our team is continue to do sequential growth. And as you recall, Sampath and the team said before, ultimately, we want our fair share also on the net adds. But ultimately, we measure ourself on service revenue growth. And as you can see, we continue to improve that. So, it's more about now executing on this, being patient and see that both the network is the best in the market, but it's just improving. And some of the numbers that Tony talked about, you see the impact we have when the C-band is coming out. And then myPlan, you also see that is now initially what we have talked about is actually giving us really good confidence that we're in the right place. So, all that is in place. And then we do the regionalization as well at the same time. So, a lot of things is in place. It's more about execution and doing it with a financial discipline that you should expect from Verizon.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Simon. When it comes to the C-band, I said we’re ahead of the plan. As soon as we get hold of the next tranche of spectrum, the team is ready to continue to deploy that. That's going to give us both more capacity, but of course more coverage as well. So, it gives us both. And as you have seen the numbers we talk about here, as soon as we deploy C-band, we get better uptake from our wireless customers. And of course, we'll open up fixed wireless access. So, that should be positive over time for us. And when it comes to this lingering question about capacity, we don't have any capacity problems. I mean, the guys are doing an enormously good job, as always when it comes to Verizon and capacity network planning. Joe and the team are on it all the time and seeing that we're doing the right for our customers. And remember, we are building a multipurpose network. That means that we have one radio that serve multiple opportunities, wireless, fixed wireless access, in some cases private networks. So, all that is in one, and that's efficiency and the scale we're bringing right now, which we expected when we start with 5G and the C-band to see that we get the leverage model over time. But of course, it's going to roll out over the next year. So, I’m confident that this will create more opportunities for us now when we get hold of the next tranche of the C-band spectrum. 
Hans Vestberg: I’ll start with the second question and Tony can come back on the first. On the private wireless, what we have found out during the work we've been doing is that private 5G networks is something really, really valuable for enterprises and SMBs. And the main reason is that the capacity on it, the speed and the security, it basically starts as a Wi-Fi replacement on the license spectrum, and then you start adding onto it. It usually start with one factory, and if you see that it’s working there, they do it in all factories. We have a growing list of new customers coming in, in the first phase. I would say this is a new business for us that again, is building on the same investment, the same Verizon Intelligent Edge network. I don't think we should expect that it's a billion-dollar business this year, but that definitely over time, this is a very important lever for Kyle and his team for growth in the service revenue and actually doing even better with enterprises. So, it's going to take some time, but I’m really pleased what I've seen in the last couple of quarters how this is turning out. And I would say we have now an ecosystem with devices, with radio-based stations, with integrators and all of that, which we haven't had before. So, I'm more optimistic than a long time that private networks will be something. And as you know, I mean, we were way ahead of anybody else on this field, and that's why I feel really confident we will take more than our fair share.
Hans Vestberg: On the broadband side, I think I got the question like that, the correlation between the fixed wireless access and the Fios. I mean, let me say that, I mean, on the fixed wild access right now, we are growing that base, of course, mainly outside the (indiscernible) because that's just how it is because the Fios is so strong. So, we're doing great on the Fios business. And as you've seen, even though it's a softer housing movement season than before, we're doing great. I mean, over 50,000 again on Fios. So, Fios is doing really well. And then of course we have a portion of converged customers that is now growing. It's not growing that to come to European levels or something, but it's growing. The good thing for us is we have owners’ economics on everything, fixed wireless access, wireless, Fios. We have one network with our own fiber. And that, of course, gives us opportunity to meet customer demands if they want convergence or not, and that nobody else has in the industry. So, really pleased with the development of broadband for us. We outlined this as one of the most important 5G innovations we've done. We add substantial new customers there. So, now this is a great opportunity there. And as you saw right now, we continue doing as we've done. I mean, we have now 2.3 billion customers on fixed wireless access. We can now start with different tiers, different pricings, so we can meet customer demands that have different requirements. And that's just good for us, but it's also really good for our customers because they can choose between different models depending on what needs to have.
Hans Vestberg: And then you had a question on upgrades, and as you've seen in promos, that is clearly down in the second quarter and the first quarter as well. There are many reasons for it. Some are, of course, that we are much more financially disciplined. That's very important. But it also has haven't been any major new devices coming out. It'll probably come one in the second half. It usually comes. So, we're going to see that. But I don't foresee that we will come back to the levels we've seen before from a point of view of Verizon. We think that we are going to be disciplined. We're going to offer devices and promos and upgrades where there's the best for the segment and for the customer, but we'll not come back to the levels that we saw before.
Hans Vestberg: David, thank you for the question. This is a complex area. And remember, many of these things we cannot talk about. We have MDAs when it comes to a contract. The only thing that I'm securing is that Verizon making money on this. That, I can tell you. And we think this is an important business. These are important customers to us. And again, I go back to what I talked about before. We build the network once. The more connections, the more usage, and the more revenue we have on it, the better return on capital it is. And as long as we see that happening, we will continue the work we're doing. However, I cannot go into specifics on the contracts because first of all, I'm not allowed to do it. But clearly, you should feel confident that Verizon is doing that with the best interest of our stakeholders and our shareholders. So, and we want to get the best return on our invested capital in the network.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, Mike, thank you for the question. On the question about different models over time, how we can charge for 5G, I think we find a good model within myPlan right now, with different type of network options. Then you can take your perks. All of it is accretive for us. You should just see the first sort of launch here as the first time we come out with a platform. We see multiple opportunities, how you can sort of diverse that one in different ways to meet different customer demand. So, you will probably see more of that going forward. I will do that. So, clearly, very important to us that we continue to meet our customers with new plans and things like that. But now we have a great base that is myPlan. On the CapEx side, I think we have gone over sort of a fairly long hump here, coming from Verizon Intelligent Edge network, investing in fiber, investing to in all the parts on millimeter wave, then coming into the hump of C-band. Now, we’re coming into the BAU. As far as we can see right now is BAU is around 17 to 17.5, and that's going to see that we can deploy the C-band, getting all the benefits we talked about. 4G is coming down. Fiber is more success-based. So, there's a lot of things happening in there, but we're really confident that we can be on those levels and our team is really doing a great job. 
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. I’ll start with the fixed wireless access question because I think that is an important one, and the lead, we will hear from Tony on that one. On the fixed wireless access, you are right. I mean, we are now running on a fairly high level, adding a broadband subscriber quota. Remember, we have defined, we are roughly in, I would say, a little bit over 70 of the PEAs of C-band so far out of 402. So, that, of course, is how many OFS are open for sales we can do right now. So, that is a little bit. The next step going to be the next tranche coming in. And I said, we're well ahead to the 4 million to 5 million. The team is doing a great job. You also saw that we now are doing some great work on how we can address MDUs in a very efficient way. We're in the beginning of that. So, all in all, I think that fixed wireless access and how we’re managing our network is going great. And of course, as a ambitious leader as I am, I expect that we can do better, of course. But right now, that's the forecast we have to 4 million to 5 million, and we're really doing well. And this customer satisfaction on fixed wireless access is so good. It's so simple. You install it yourself, you get broadband immediately. So, we are just meeting a consumer demand that no one else is doing, basically. So, I'm really pleased with the product. We talked about this being one of the most important 5G applications, and now you can see what it means to us and how important it's going to be over time.
Hans Vestberg: So, on the first one, we have always a plan for network transformation that is continuously ongoing. That has not changed. When it comes to this lead sheathed cables discussion, I said, I mean, we are going to go through this scientific. We're going to do tests. We're going to do it fact-based, and then we'll come back. But we have a normal network transformation that we constantly do because Kyle and team are doing that in order to keep up with the pressure of the secular decline in wireline. So, he will continue to do that, and we do that all the time. On the second question on fixed wireless access, yes, of course, when we - the first 70-ish, I would say, C-band mark PAEs, that is called, they are mainly in urban areas. And that's where we have had that good traction on fixed wireless access. And the next step is going to be much more suburban and rural. And of course, that's great opportunities because usually there are even less different options for customers in those areas. So, of course, that's going to create opportunity for us. That doesn't mean that we're changing our guidance. We still say 4 million to 5 million by 2025. Of course, the team is always driving hard here, and I'm driving hard. We always want to achieve. We want to show our stakeholders that we're a great company and we execute well, which I think we're doing. So, definitely, we see opportunities to be coming with the next tranche of C-band.
Hans Vestberg: There were many questions in all there. So, let me start with the change of discounts that we did on fixed wireless access. Again, we have a premium product. We have different type of optionalities for our customers in order to pick and choose what the best tier is or what the best service is. So, we think that this is just natural when you have passed over 2 million subscribers on fixed wireless access. And I think - just think about when we started with Unlimited, you start with one plan, and then you start to work with different segmentation, because ultimately we are in a very, very big consumer business where so many differentiated customers that needs different type of services. So, just think about it as a very natural step for us in order to serve our customers in a good way. Then I hand it over to Tony for the next question.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. On the upgrade rates, as I said before, I mean, first of all, we at Verizon have been very disciplined in how to offer sort of products and services with the right price at the right time. So, definitely, that has been that we are actually doing less promos and less upgrades. That has not hampered our way of growing our business or taking customers. And we will continue to work with that. Then, of course, hasn't been any major product coming out in the market. We expect that it's going to be a product coming out in the second half. We are excited over that. And of course, that's going to drive upgrades and promos of course. But again, we will continue to be very financially disciplined. But of course, we're excited for these type of things as it attracts store traffic, and when traffic comes, we are really good. And having good conversion rates, adding things to it to our customers, which is really, really important. And second, on the fixed wireless access, taking away the discount, and again, we come to a level of 2.3 million fixed wireless access customer. There are so many different type of customers and consumers we have. So, of course, having different tiers and pricings becomes very normal in order to meet customer demands. So, it’s just how we do, and that we’ll continue to do and see how the market is developing.
Hans Vestberg: Yes, thank you. On the upgrade, I cannot - I don't know anything about any launch or the product, how exciting it's going to be, but ultimate, that usage usually drive more upgrades. So, let's see what's going to happen this time and when it comes out. But we're always excited to see Apple coming out with a new phone. Hopefully, they're coming in this one. I cannot reveal what they are doing, but clearly, we're excited for that. On the CapEx, yes, you should talk to us. We know more about this than other companies. I would say we have a really good sustainable level of this. Densification is part of our strategy already. So, and many of the things that we already are deploying on C-band, we deploy sort of for the full spectrum already from the beginning. Then we turn on when we get those tranches. So, there's a lot of things that my team has done over years in order to be as efficient as possible with CapEx. That's why I feel really good on our sort of BAU around 17 to 17.5. I feel really good about that because we go through the extremely detail. So, we feel confident.
Tony Skiadas: Yes, thanks, Hans. Good morning, John. So, on the service revenue, we're very confident in the guide. You mentioned tough comps that we face in the second half. When you think about the second half of the year, let me unpack some of the drivers for you. As you know, we executed a number of targeted pricing actions between the price ups on the Legacy Unlimited plans that we did earlier in the quarter, as well as most recently changes to our handset insurance program and price changes on FWA bundles. Secondly, we had the introduction of myPlan back in May. That's helped with premium mix and you heard that we're roughly 70% taking the Unlimited Plus plan. As Hans mentioned, we see an increase in contribution from fixed wireless access. We have 2.3 million subs in the base, and we have great momentum on FWA. And then fourth, we see continued improvements in year-over-year consumer postpaid volumes, and you saw that in the quarter. And then lastly, when you think about the promo amortization, the revenue impact from promotions and the promo amortization has decelerated in recent quarters, and that's - it's basically a function of our disciplined approach to promotions and retention. So, when you put that all together, we're very confident that all the initiatives here will continue to drive the meaningful revenue growth in the second half. 
Tony Skiadas: Yes, and to add on to that, John, we're still reviewing the records, and we mentioned that we're still reviewing the historical records of the former MCI and XO network. So, that work is still ongoing as well. So, we still have more work to do there, and as we learn more, we'll keep you updated.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. Hi, Brett, it's Tony. So, volumes are important to the business, and as we said before, we're going to be very disciplined on how we approach the market. Our focus is on volumes that drive profitable revenue growth. It's too soon to call third quarter positive for consumer. But as we said, we expect improvements year-over-year in consumer net adds. And the team and Sampath and the team are very focused on that.
Tony Skiadas: Okay, Simon. And then on your question on the cash generation here, we're very pleased with the cash generation of the business. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $4.8 billion, which was very strong and reflective of our strong free cash flow results that is running higher than normal. As a reminder, we do have about $4.5 billion of the C-band clearing obligations remaining and due soon, and that's obviously a priority for us. The cash generation, as I said, is strong, gives us optionality and supports a much-improved dividend payout ratio. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged. We said first we would invest in the business. The second priority is our commitment to the dividend. Our third priority is to delever, and you'll see us be focused on that. And then once we get to the leverage metric of 2.25, we will consider buybacks at that time.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. Good morning, Phil. And then on the service revenue, as we mentioned upfront, we have some tough comps as we lap the price ups from last year. We do expect sequential improvements in the third quarter. One thing to note, just on the prepaid revenue, we did see a headwind in the quarter of about $125 million. I would expect that to be at a similar level in the third quarter before it eases up in the fourth quarter. That's probably one additional data point for you.
Tony Skiadas: Yes, the only thing I would add is that we have a great rhythm at 400,000 broadband net adds in the quarter. And again, the third consecutive quarter of over 400,000 broadband net adds. And we continue to see good momentum with customers taking - wireless customers taking FWA and we see great progress there as well.
Tony Skiadas: And then Craig, on the lead, as we said earlier, it's a small part of our network. It's about 50% aerial. We said we're still reviewing the historical records, both former MCI network and the former XO copper network. So, we still have work to do there. We're going to take a very methodical approach, very fact-based, very scientific-based approach. And as we know everyone wants more information, and as we learn more, we'll keep you updated. 
Tony Skiadas: Yes. On the cable partnership. I mean, as Hans mentioned, we don't go into the details. I mean, we continue to see volume growth in the relationship. And we're very satisfied with the relationship, and we continue to monetize the network, as Hans said earlier. 
Tony Skiadas: We continue to work across the company and continue to take a methodical approach. We're not going to get into any specifics around employees or anything, but as we said, we'll keep you posted as we learn more. 
