Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Tony. Our focus for the second half of the year remains clear to drive growth in wireless service revenue, expand adjusted EBITDA and generate strong free cash flow. We are evolving our broadband strategy as we approach 4 million to 5 million fixed wireless access subscribers, and we'll continue to scale the business along with the private networks while driving mobility growth. Our ongoing C-band expansion will be crucial in supporting these efforts, enhancing our network performance and opening new opportunities across markets. Our commitment to a differentiated customer experience and operational excellence remains firm. The success of myPlan and our brand refresh are proof of our ability to meet evolving customer needs. We will build on these successes in the quarters ahead, as we work to deliver value to all of our stakeholders. We will continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities by investing in the business, supporting our dividend and paying down debt. As AI continues to reshape our industry, Verizon is well-positioned to enable and benefit from it. Our reliable, secure and powerful network will be at the forefront of AI and mobile edge compute applications. This is an exciting time for us at Verizon. Mobility, broadband and cloud, our essential services and their value has never been higher. We power and empower how people live, work and play. We are in a great business and there's so much more to come. We have the right assets and the strategy in place for success this year and beyond. I'm more excited than ever about what lies ahead of us. Now Brady, we are ready to take questions.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you Simon. On fixed wireless access, you are rightfully say it. We have good momentum came into this quarter with 378,000 new net adds on fixed wireless access doing strong, both on consumer, as well as on a business. And we are now expanding our C-band to suburban and rural, which is another type of opportunity, less penetrated, but also more vastly distributed. So we are gearing for getting to our target between 4 million and 5 million fixed wireless access broadband customers. And as soon as we get there as I've said before, I will come back and see how we see the opportunity going forward. But clearly, we have a great network that can ingest more customers over time. But let me come back on the exact details of that when we reach the target. On the towers, I mean, or any rumor I wouldn't comment on any rumor. What you should know is that Tony and I are very committed to improve our cash flow, whatever we can see to see that we optimize our assets, we will do that but I have no comments or rumors in the market. But the focus on cash flow is extremely important because it goes straight into our capital priorities. That's why we've been so focused on for the last couple of years, and we did yet again in this quarter, good progress on them.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. I'll start and Tony will give you the details. As we said before, I mean the second-line offering is straight into our strategy. The strategy is to build the network ones and have as many profitable connections on top of it in order to get the best return on invested capital. And you can see that is really happening, and that's been a very big focus for us. Tony will give you some more details on how it looks in the second half here. On the programs of cost, we put in last year a couple of really large programs all the way from agreement with HL together with large customer care changes. Many of those are now coming into the base, and that's why you see the leverage. But we also have quite a lot of new things coming up. And as you rightfully mentioned, we have a voluntary separation program that is ongoing right now. We also have all the efficiencies with AI that is coming through. And of course we continue with our disciplined approach on investments. So all-in-all, there is more things to come. And -- but we have gotten leverage from some of the things we did last year, Tony.
Hans Vestberg: Hi, David. Good morning. So look as we said before, finding the right balance of P&Q. And I think you've heard Sampath and I talk about something like 80-20 price-volume mix last year was more like 100, so clearly making progress on that. And keep in mind, we have a very high-quality customer base, and we see it in the results quarter-after-quarter. And I think you see the momentum in both gross adds and in net adds in the quarter, and it is very high-quality growth, both on the consumer and the business side. Business had a very strong quarter as well on volumes. And you also see the growth in fixed wireless access. We did 378,000 fixed wireless access net adds that continue to provide a tailwind to service revenue. So we are trying to find that right balance of P&Q, and I think the results reflect that.
Hans Vestberg: Hi, Peter. When it comes to our capital allocation priorities, they haven't changed. I mean first of all, we put the money in the business. And this year, we have the guide between [$17 billion and $17.5 billion] (ph). So -- but of course, if we see opportunities to gain more revenue and grow business, we will always look into the business side. Secondly, the dividend is very important. I mean we have now been growing our dividend for 17 consecutive quarters. And Tony and my job of -- years, not quarters. And Tony and I are committed to continue to put the Board in a position to do that. And you see on our pay ratio, we're well inside that ratio doing well. And then we're paying down our debt. We paid down debt this quarter. Second half, we're going to continue with that. We will not consider any conversation about buybacks until we get to 225. And after that there is a lot of factors in the market, the priorities but also where is the interest rates, where is share price and all of that. So let us focus on the priority in the order we have said, and that's how we are going to continue for the next foreseeable future.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. I don't have the exact number, but I know that we have a fair amount of new phones, of course in the base because with our high quality customer base on postpaid, many of our customers are already on later versions of the iPhones. Again looking into this cycle, I mean, -- of course, we are going to see some excitement around AI. I don't think that it is going to be any particular at this time. It will be over time, maybe. We have a very disciplined model when it comes to a approach expectations for promotion, et cetera. We will stick to that. we believe that we have such a great network, great offerings. So we can actually manage that, and we will continue to do so. And then talking about the AI. I mean I think where I'm most excited is, of course that we have built sort of the Verizon Intelligent edge network which will be the platform for the GenAI economy because you are going to have to have a lot more compute storage at the edge of the network, and that's how we built the network already 2018 with fiber to all our main hubs and between our main subcenters. And then on top of that, we have cooling and power at those edges. And I think as we go from the LLMs and we go into sort of doing commercial products for enterprises. Our network is set up for that. And so I'm very excited for that opportunity going forward together with private networks. So – there is a lot of things coming into GenAI devices, our efficiencies but also a business opportunity for us when it comes to AI.
Hans Vestberg: We can do mobile edge compute without SA. We have done that for five years. Then there are some efficiencies on especially private networks and deployment with SA. But again, you need a full ecosystem all the way from the devices and the network features and the core in order to do that. So it is a little bit of a holistic thinking again when we work it, but we can already deliver that right now. When it comes to GenAI in mobile edge compute, that -- we don't have that to our customers right now. But the conversation with many of both the cloud players as well as enterprises of doing that when they have commercial products, and not only training large language modules. And that's how we designed our network. So that's why I'm excited of it. At the same time, we already have four GenAI products in the market that is deployed on 40,000 agents to all our stores, et cetera personalization, more efficiency for customer and employee experience. And we see a great opportunity for that. So there are multiple opportunities with AI for us and we have been on to it for a long time.
Hans Vestberg: We are well positioned in that area. And again if the market go convergence between mobility and broadband, we will be there to serve our customers either with Fios and fixed wireless access. And right now, that's working really good for us. So we are happy with our assets we have and how we're deploying them right now. We're looking into how we can continue to meet our customer demands. And now we also launched, as you saw in the quarter on the consumer side, myHome where we have all the benefits we had from myPlan. We are moving over to myHome. I feel good about what our consumer division is doing on broadband and mobility at the moment with the product. We are Number One in the market, so we just need to continue to keep the lead and continue to keep innovating, and I feel good about the consumer team doing that.
Hans Vestberg: I'll start with the first one, and then I can hand it over to Tony on the cash flow. Yes, what we see is private networks continue to grow in volume and -- which is a prelude, you start with the private network then you start adding on applications on it. And of course ultimately, you put in mobile edge compute. We have all that set up since 2018, 2019, and we start seeing more and more business case for logistics centers, for factories, et cetera where we can do it. And then GenAI will only sort of capitalize that and do it even faster. That is going to take some time because right now, many corporation enterprises are in the learning process, meaning they are training their data sets. So it is going to take some time. But I don't think that anyone is even close to be as well-positioned as we are in GenAI and the [GenAI economy] (ph), both for taking advantage of it efficiency-wise, internally but definitely from a revenue point of view over time.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, thanks. Good morning John. In terms of ACP updates, let me give you a couple of things here. So as we said previously, the majority of the ACP exposure is in our prepaid business. And as we said last time, we had about 1.1 million prepaid subs that benefited from the ACP program. In the quarter -- in the second quarter, we saw about 400,000 prepaid disconnects. This is the vast majority of what we expected. There is minimal impact on the postpaid side as I think was part of your question. We saw some pressure in Fios in terms of gross add opportunity. If we look ahead in the third quarter, we expect some disconnects in prepaid and a small number across other products. In terms of revenue, we also said that any impact that we would see we'd see on service revenue up to 50 basis points of headwind and we're tracking inside of that number right now. And even with the disconnects, the margin exposure from ACP was insignificant in the second quarter. So we will continue to keep everyone updated as we progress here.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah. Thanks, Hans. So very comfortable with the revenue guide for the year. As Hans said, the performance and execution is very much on track, and we continue to find a better balance of P&Q. And you see the progress on volumes, as Hans said, B2 mobility and SWA. And maybe just a few additional points to consider. First we expect to see sequential growth in service revenue in the second half of the year. Also, I would say the year-over-year comps are a little more challenging in the second half as we lap the pricing changes from 2023. The wildcard obviously, is the promotional environment and the level of upgrades we'll have to see where that goes. But having said all that, the assumptions that we have in the service revenue guide have not changed. So overall, we feel good about our revenue performance and the momentum in the business, and we're not going to guide on '25 at this time, but I would tell you that those assumptions will carry forward as well.
Tony Skiadas: Thanks. Hi, Sebastiano. On the second number, just a few points, Hans touched on this upfront, but this is a great business. We are providing customers options and flexibility. It is a very profitable connection and we would do it every day of the week. In terms of the market for this, we'll see how the TAM evolves. We shared the gross add impact you can assume some level of churn in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect less of a contribution from second number in the back half of the year. It is high-margin business comparable to ARPU [add-a-line] (ph) offerings. The ARPU is very good and very comparable to add-a-line, without the device subsidy. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect to have positive phone net adds in consumer for the year without the contribution from second number. And the results in the quarter reflect the strength of our core business. And then on your question on EBITDA and cost transformation, we're very comfortable with the EBITDA guide. We made a lot of progress. You saw the 80 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. And the program in terms of delivering cost transformation is on track. Hans talked about some of the work we are doing, and we did last year with customer care and with managed services. We have a lot of work going on right now between IT and real estate, and network decommissioning. In addition, Hans mentioned the voluntary separation program. And some of that savings will start manifesting in the back end of this year and into 2025. And then lastly AI is an enabler of efficiencies. You can think about customer care, you can think about the personalization with myPlan. And we see efficiencies coming from there as well. But we're very much on track. We are operating differently. And we feel good about the progress on cost actions that are driving the improvements in EBITDA that you see in the first half of the year.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. Just a couple of other things to add. I mean as we said upfront, we said we need to find a better balance of P&Q in 2024, and we are doing that. We are very confident, Mike in our back book. We've been very consistent, as Hans said, about evaluating pricing opportunities, aligning the price with the value proposition for customers. We did take pricing actions in the first half of the year that provide a good tailwind to service revenue, and those pricing actions were contemplated in the guide, but it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on what we might do in the future.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. So Frank, on the leverage metric, the long-term goal is 1.75 to 2 on the unsecured. And then we said we would consider buybacks when we got to 2.25, again unsecured.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. Thanks, Hans. So just a couple of other points. On C-band, we are seeing good improvements in churn 3 basis points. On gross adds, we see about 9 basis points gross add strength. And as we deploy suburban and rural gross adds are up threefold in those markets. And then premium mix continues to be stronger as well of about 10%. And we do have now at this point nearly 60% of our planned sites are now deployed with C-band. So really making really good progress.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. Hi Walt. So a couple of things. We announced the program in early June for a portion of our workforce. The process is not going to be fully completed until the back end of August. So I don't have numbers at this point. It was contemplated in their full year guide. And we do expect to see savings towards the back end of 2024 and into 2025, and we'll come back with disclosures on the program once it is finalized. We'll file an 8-K similar to how we did it last time.
Tony Skiadas: Yes. Look, I mean the – it is very profitable business, as Hans said and is a great contribution to revenue and EBITDA consistent with the strategy to monetize the network, and we are very comfortable with the arrangements we have, but that's as far as we can go.
Tony Skiadas: Thanks. Hi, Sam. So on the service revenue for the second half, what we said is we expect to see sequential growth in service revenue in the second half. And when we talked about the assumptions that we had in the guide, we said, look we had pricing actions that we've already taken and you see that well over $1 billion. We also said we have an improving volume profile in consumer and you see that progress. Fixed wireless access continues to scale. And we have over $500 million now in fixed wireless access revenue on a run rate of over $2 billion and that base of business continues to grow. We also said we had headwinds in prepaid, and that's improving, and we will see that improving as time goes on and then from our amortization. And the promo discipline continues to be encouraging, and we say we see a similar level year-over-year. So those assumptions haven't changed and we feel really good about the performance on service revenue, and the momentum we have in the business heading into the second half.
Tony Skiadas: Thanks. Hi Bryan. So on free cash flow, overall the cash generation of the business continues to be very strong. In the first half of the year, free cash flow was $8.5 billion, up 7% and we were able to grow cash flow in the second quarter, even with an incremental $1.7 billion in cash taxes. And as we said in April, we expect free cash flow to have a similar shape to last year and build throughout the year. And we still see the same puts and takes on free cash flow for the full year, as we described back in January. And within that framework, we see slightly more incremental pressure from cash taxes. And offsetting that is the lower upgrades, and we'll have to see where that goes. But overall, the strong position and cash flow puts us in a position to pay down debt in the second half of 2024, and we are on track to do so.
