Hans Vestberg: Thanks, Matt. Verizon’s strategic priorities for 2019 all clear. I have outlined five priorities with my team that focus on our customers, financial performance, 5G leadership, our valued employees, and Verizon's role in creating benefits for our society. First, we will redouble our long-standing excellence in customer satisfaction. This customer centric mentality has always been one of our core assets and will become even more essential as innovation continues to accelerate. Second, we'll build on the momentum of our strong 2018 financial and operating results. Today, we're growing the business, strengthening the balance sheet, and improving the cost structure to compete in the environment. In the future, we will enable and monetize new use cases on our advanced networks. Our third priority is to extend our leadership in 5G. The cornerstone of our strategy continues to be our best-in-class network. We have demonstrated our network leadership through every cycle from analog to 4G. We run to and embrace the challenge of deploying the best technology for our customers. Whatever is technology such a small cells, dense fiber or LTE advanced features, Verizon has a proven track record of setting the gold standard for others to follow. In return, our consistent investment in our networks, particularly 5G will pay dividends as well as we advance and lead the industry into the fourth industrial revolution. Not too long ago, they mere thought of having a 5G network before the beginning of the next decade would have seen implausible, but we pushed the industry to get there faster. As a leader and catalyst of change, we advanced 5G development and delivered to the word the first two 5G deployments in 2018 with our initial four commercial markets, and this is real 5G. This is a completely transformative experience that gives customers speeds, measuring hundreds of megabits to gigabits, reduce latency, allow for connections per square kilometers by millions, and energy efficiency at a fraction of today's consumptions. Our 5G network is projected on delivering a game-changing wireless experience. The assets we have compiled and put into place in 2018 have enabled this vision. We have the spectrum to provide a rich ultra-wideband 5G services. Our deep fiber backbone connects our assets, enabling a high-capacity and efficient architecture. Our investment in the intelligent edge network creates new capabilities and gives us the flexibility to serve our customers. And it is our engineers and the know-how they've accumulated through this development process that binds our 5G solution together. No other wireless operator has this unique combination of assets. We are the leader in 5G as we have said before and proven once again. We don't wait for the future, we build it. Our fourth priority is our employees. Our winning team within new Verizon 2.0 will be the key to creating new solutions in today's world. We want to continue fostering [ph] organization environment that embraces change, sparks curiosity, and encourages strategic-risk taking while inspiring all of us. Internally, our shared purpose [ph] is to deliver the promise of the digital world by enabling people, businesses and society to innovate and drive positive change. Our fifth priority is carrying forward Verizon’s commitment to responsible business practices and making the world a better place. At Verizon, we coined the word humanability, which means the power of technology to create new ability for humans to innovate and drive positive change in the work. I'm confident that Verizon’s 5G network will be universal enabler of advanced use cases and technology that brings humanability forward. I’m super excited to host our upcoming investor day on February 21st. We will bring the Verizon executive team and go deeper into our strategy, our vision of Verizon 2.0 and our enhanced customer focus. With that I will turn it back to Brady for the Q&A session.
Hans Vestberg: When it comes to the 5G Home, we are so thoughtfully deployed in the four cities that we decided for. So, what we’re waiting for right now is the CP equipment for 5G Home. And as the industry is evolving, the first focus for the industry is actually to do chipset for smartphones and then secondarily the next generational chipset comes on the CPE side. We definitely believe that this year, we will get CPEs on the NR standard in the second half of 2019. So, that's where we are. We’re building the network as we’re speaking. And as soon as we see the availability of the CPEs, we will of course -- getting that out in the marketplace. And that of course subsequently answers the question on handset as well. We’re going to see handsets coming out in the first half of 2019. As you know, we have announced two phones, one from Motorola and one from Samsung. The one from Samsung has not been seen yet but hopefully it will be seen soon. And as soon as those are ready, and we have been together sort of interoperability testing that, we’re going to launch that. Remember now that the network is a multiuse network. So, the home and the mobility is the same network we’re building. We’re not building two different networks. So, it’s more what type of devices you’re connecting to the network. And then, ultimately, on the question on CapEx, I think Matt guided our CapEx, which has been consistent over the years. We are doing everything. Remember, the majority of investments in the 5G network is coming with the fiber networking we’ve been doing, the passive asset we’re doing, the intelligent edge network design that we’ve been working on for years, and then, of course, you have the equipment coming at the end of it. So, we are actually -- been for several years investing into be prepared for the 5G, and this is including the CapEx guidance for this year for obvious reasons.
Hans Vestberg: And I can only add that on the question about CapEx and OpEx and in ‘18, we had more cash savings on the CapEx. We will continue with our disciplined way of the business excellence program, both on CapEx and OpEx. And I think that in ‘18 we show that we did everything we wanted to do on CapEx. At the same time, we actually became more efficient. And I think, the program we have put in place is very rigorous and very good. And that brings us all are benefits that we need to get from the investments at the same time as we’re getting the efficiency. So, that's very much part of it, but we also look very much for the top-line, as Matt talked about. I think, it's a combination with the new leadership team coming into the second quarter, I think we want to have a great focus on it.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. And if we look at the whole wireline team, as you rightfully pointed out, we have a secular decline in certain areas there. But to be honest, we also see with the assets we're now bringing out with intelligence edge network, we see possibility for many new solutions, sort of coming out of our customers based on the fiber we're deploying, but also when it comes to SD WAN and a couple of other very important solutions that are bringing out. At the same time, the small and medium business segment is very important for the U.S. economy where we are well-positioned. The wholesale has of course come down a little bit. But remember, now, we are deploying more infrastructure than ever before. So, I think that over time, but it will take some time, we'll definitely see even more possibility there. We have a very focus on that team to actually break the trend. We have now been coming down for -- when it comes to growth, I think the team is really focused on getting new products out. And we have a really good customer base to hold the wireline business. And as we move into the second quarter and our customer centric organization, it will even be more important with these customers that we can orchestrate with all our product portfolio from wireline, wireless, the IoT business et cetera. So I think we're really focused on coming back to growth. At the same time, you see that we're taking out costs. So, we see that we're managing that. So, again, we have a surgical focus on actually top-line, but at the same time seeing that we are managing our cost basis at the same time. And I think that Matt and the team are on to that operation all the time and we will continue so in 2019.
Hans Vestberg: And I agree with Matt here. We will of course over time see that we can create optionality for our customers to choose between different solutions for their TV viewing. So, we will have that definitely in our pocket. Initially, of course 5G Home has been focused on other cities than our footprint for Fios. But ultimately, we need to see that our customers have all the choices when it comes to how they want to consume the video. We see the trends in the market. And as Matt said, we're working hard with our cost in Fios all the way from content to other cost elements and see that we're managing that well. But ultimately, we need to create optionality for our customers. That's what Verizon always has done and that we’ll continue to do.
Hans Vestberg: No. I think that first of all, there we’re going to manage our customers and see that they are getting what they want, and we're going to follow the market very closely. But, we still have plenty of customers using our Fios business on the linear TV and we will continue to serve them if they think that's important. But at the same time, we’re going to create optionality; and that's the way old the job that we have as a tech innovator to constantly innovate and bring new solutions to our customers as the markets are evolving. So, we're going to see that the ones having Fios getting that; we have upgraded our Fios technology during 2018 and 2017 after a while of holding back a little bit. You'll see that the ones that our customers that feel that is good service, they are getting more of the service as well. So, we will continue with that but at the same time, create optionality over time. That’s what we’re going to do.
Hans Vestberg: If I start with the 5G, we have not disclosed where we are on the deployment. I can say, we’re deploying as fast as we can. And much of the work that we've been doing last couple of years is of course to prepare everything from the fiber to the agreement with the cities to getting the intelligent management network from the transport network, core network all out to the access. As the industry matures, the equipment is maturing for NRs, [ph] so we can bring that in. And we actually have quite a lot of deployment already of those types already base stations. So, we will come back to that when we commercially launch that, what we have noted. It’s nothing we want to disclose for competitive reasons. So, I wouldn’t talk about it right now. But, I think what is important to understand this lead that Verizon has on 5G. We have been on to this for several years, including the millimeter wave where we already have commercial service, where we of course not only understand the engineering of the 5G technology and the spectrum, it’s also all the way from operations, marketing, installations all of that. And that is extremely valuable insight when we want to go fast as soon as we see that we have all the pieces that is needed for launching 5G Home or 5G mobility with ecosystem there and all of that. So, again, we have triggered the industry to be probably one and half to two years ahead of the schedule of 5G. We think that is enormously important for Verizon to be on the forefront of innovation. And we want to push that and said, we’re nothing holding back coming out to 5G; it’s more that we just need to see that the ecosystem is equally ready as Verizon is right now.
Hans Vestberg: And I just want to put it in context, and remember, we started with a large transformation in the network and by that a lot of new ways of working. Then secondly, on top of that, we also define a new way of working with our IT where we have a fairly large outsourcing ongoing; at the same time, we have the voluntary program. All in all, it's our way to prepare ourselves for the future to be even more efficient, so we can be even more agile in the future. And you saw also lot weak, I guess. We announced also that we're doing a work in the Verizon Media Group where we are reducing. And all in all, it's part of a large transformation for us to prepare, doing that when we are as strong as we are right now. So, we’re actually coming out there when the competitive landscape continues to be around and what's happening, we want to be agile and much more quick on own investments et cetera. So, I think, it's a larger transformation, the third part of that transformation of course, the Verizon 2.0 that we are implementing in the second quarter in order to have much more customer centric solutions for our customers. And that's based on our assets, when it comes to the network or brand and our distribution and seeing that work excelling in this marketplace. So, that is -- you need to put that all in a context when you think about what we're doing right now. And I think I've been here now for quite a while, I see the response of the organization be very positive to all these changes to see that we continue to be the leader in these markets.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brad. And just to summarize up a little bit what we’ve been discussing. I mean, first of all, we had the strong financial operating performance in the fourth quarter, but not only that, the hold 2018. I think, the wireless team has built a momentum, all the way from unlimited launch. I have to say, I'm proud of the team, they continuously innovate. And as Matt has said several times on this call, that give us a very good start for 2019 what they have been doing so far this year. So, we are coming in with -- in 2019 with good momentum, both from a business point of view but also our business excellence work we continue doing and we're in the start of it. And I think that both Matt and I, we would do it in the best way in the courses way, but also prepare ourselves for the future to be even strong Company. I outlined my five key priorities, you heard them, and I think that they should be resonated with all of you, both from the growth point of view, implementing the new structure, the 5G, and of course, our asset and our employees, and continue also to see that our brand evolves and that we're doing the right things for our society. I think that goes for any company in today's world where employees, customers and shareholders expecting it from you. And I think that's our normal strategy. So, it's nothing new, but it's more that we need to continue to leverage that in our humanability. We will continue to focus on innovation and our network. There's no debate that that is extremely important to us. And I'm proud of what the team did in the engineering, in the network, on the 4G network. It continues to lead and extend the leadership, which I think is a great contribution to the skills that we have in our technology group. And that, of course, continue in the 5G, which we have already our 5G Home commercial. We're going to see much more of 5G commercial, both mobility and home during 2019. And I hope that you’re equally excited as I am. And I hope that you will join us for the Investor Day in February. We're going to bring the executive team there; you’re going to meet the new leaders. We want to go a little bit deeper on the things we're discussing today in the structure what we're doing and of course, we want to talk about 5G. So with that, thank you for your time today and great that you’re listening. Thank you very much.
Matt Ellis: Thanks, John. So, on the wireless service revenue, I think, as you look at the fourth quarter number, what we have is, we continue to have good underlying momentum in the wireless service revenue, whether you're talking about the social service revenue line, or whether you're looking at the ARPU line. But, there is little bit of noise in the fourth quarter number that masks that growth. So, let me just give you a little more detail. In 4Q, both in ‘17 and ‘18, we had some nonrecurring items that gives us that 1.9% year-over-year increase, which as you say, slightly lower than the past two quarters but still certainly a good positive number. 4Q in ‘17, we had a positive adjustment related to our wholesale revenues, and that adjustment didn't repeat this year. So, we're lapping that adjustment. Additionally, this year, we had a couple of items go the other direction, including some service credits related to that we granted customers impacted by natural disasters. So, when you compare those, you remove those, the underlying core retail postpaid service revenue increased sequentially, had good momentum year-over-year, in line with what we saw in 2Q and 3Q. And importantly we start 2019 billing more accounts and at a higher ARPA than we started last year. So, it's a good place to be. I think, we continue to see opportunity to increase service revenue in 2019 by adding accounts as we did last year, but also increasing ARPA. There is still significant headroom for us to move customer to unlimited and step them up when they're in unlimited, adding more devices to accounts. So, I think the momentum we saw in ‘18 will certainly continue into ‘19 in a good way. On the free cash flow, so, we don't actually provide, as you know, a free cash flow guide for the year. We did talk about the fact cash taxes will be higher. As I think about cash flow for 2019, there's five major items I would think about, a couple of them in the positive direction. We certainly expect the core EBITDA of the business to increase year-over-year. Additionally, last year, we had $1.7 billion of pension and benefits contribution, so we would not expect to be at the same level in 2019. And the other direction I mentioned in the prepared comments, the higher cash taxes, will also have the payments related to the voluntary severance program; all of those cash outflow will be in 2019. And we do expect CapEx to be higher part slightly year-over-year too. So, when you net those items together, you can kind of get to a view for 2019 cash flow. But certainly cash flow in 2018, very strong, $34 billion, up $10 billion year-over-year. We're proud of the progress we made there and will certainly look to build on that in 2019.
Matt Ellis: I'll start with the second one down on the balance sheet. So, you say good progress on the leverage ratio on a net debt-to-EBITDA from 2.6 to 2.3 during the year. As I think about hitting into 2019, our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. We'll continue to be disciplined in how we deploy capital. Our number one priority is investing in the business, whether that be CapEx or whether that be other ways we can invest in the business. After that, we certainly -- the dividend continues to be very important to our shareholders. And then as we said, we continue to strengthen the balance sheet. In addition to the reduction in the leverage ratio, I’d also point out, in the past couple of years, we've made approximately $5 billion contributions to our pension and benefit plans. And so, our funded status on our pension plans in the last couple of years has gone up from approximately 70% to 90%. So, some really good progress there. We'll see how the year plays out. We certainly expect to continue to improve, strengthen the balance sheet. And we'll also look for opportunities to grow the business. And if there is still cash left over, we’ll decide what to do at that point in time. In terms of the wireless EBITDA in 2019, look, I'll start at the top of the income statement, and we expect service revenue to continue to grow. So, that's the tailwind that we have coming out of 2018 and will build on as we get into next year. So, we'll have some growth there. And then, as we continue to focus on the cost side of the business, obviously, we've got 10,000 people leaving the business over the course of the next few months that will have a positive impact on the EBITDA. And we continue to look for other ways to continuously make our business more efficient and competitive. So, I think you should see some good EBITDA trajectory as we go through 2019 and that will help contribute to the cash flow, as we talked about.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Good morning, Brett. Exactly. So, yes, you heard the guide right. On a GAAP basis, prior to the lease accounting, roughly similar. And you're right, within there, and we’ve talked about this I think on the third quarter call, you have these headwinds from 606, and that's $0.28 of the benefit in 2018. We said roughly half going the other way in ‘19. So, you're right. That's around $0.14, and then, a couple of other items below the line that we talked about in the prepared comments. So, as we deploy the AWS-3, we’re capitalizing less of our interest expense. So, that creates a year-over-year headwind; that doesn't change the cash flows of the business one bit. And then, on the ETR, we have the same guided range this year as last year, 24% to 26%. Last year, we ended up with 24.2%. We had a number of nonrecurring items that had us at that lower end of the range. Going into the year, we don't necessarily have line of sight, the same amount of the nonrecurring items this year. So, at this point, we’re planning on being closer to the middle point of that range, and we will see how that plays out. But, as you say, when you add those up, you’ve got about $0.24 to $0.28 of headwinds. And so, that means you have operational year-over-year improvement of a similar amount that get you to that guide. So, I think what you see over the past couple of year here, Brett, is certainly in ‘16 and ‘17, we had a business that was pretty flat to the revenue and earnings line. And then in ‘18, when you adjust that for the impact of tax reform and 606, we had 3.5% increase in EPS, and that was even with some headwinds in there from the share count dilution from Straight Path and couple of other items. So, good EPS growth in the core business in ‘18, and then you see us building on that in ‘19. And we tried to provide a little more color commentary in the prepared remarks, so you get the flavor of it and get some of the puts and takes to get us to the overall guide. But certainly, it’s based off of the core underlying business continuing to grow year-over-year.
Matt Ellis: So, Verizon Media Group, certainly, we talked a lot about in the second half of last year. We didn't provide a breakout of the earnings, not going to now. But certainly, when you saw a negative 6.9% revenue growth in 3Q and negative 5.8% in 4Q, it wasn't as much of a contributor to earnings, as we would've liked it have been last year. The assumption, as we head into this year's is they will make progress on the revenue line. And as they make progress on improving that revenue trajectory, it certainly will have a -- will change the earnings side as well. So, we think that they’ve got some good plans in the business, we now need to execute against those, get the revenue trajectory turned around, and that will then impact earnings in a positive way as well.
Matt Ellis: Thanks, David. So, on the wireline side -- and I'll ask Hans to add a couple of comments as well around it. But certainly, the ongoing secular decline in some of the legacy technologies, that continues. What's encouraging in the business is as we build out our fiber assets and the opportunities that creates there, some of the incremental technologies we're deploying in the area, like SD WAN, we're seeing some good progress to offset those secular declines. So, we will continue with that. And then, as you rightly say, as you think about the margins, as you head into ‘19, wireline will see a good part of the benefit from the voluntary severance program. So, that in addition to the other ongoing cost actions that we continue to take, should be of assistance to the wireline margins in ‘19.
Matt Ellis: Yes. On the lease accounting, David. So, couple of different things. On the income statement, as you heard upfront, we expect $0.01 to $0.02 of headwind per quarter. That's going to come mostly above the line. There may be some initial adjustments that will hit below the line but mostly above the line. If you think about it, there are some costs upfront costs associated with leases that we historically would've capitalized under the old rules that we won't necessarily be able to capitalize all those rules -- all of those upfront costs under the new rules. So, that's where you'll see some of the change come through. From a balance sheet standpoint, we will be grossing up both the asset and liability side of the balance sheet. At this point, we expect in the $21 billion to $23 billion range. So, that's the impact, you should see come through in the first quarter of 2019 from adopting that new standard.
Matt Ellis: So, as you say, a number of the trends we've seen in wireline have been ongoing for a number of years, including the increasing content costs. So, we continue to look for creating different options for customers that make sense for the price points you can then put in front of customers. And so -- but we don't expect the trajectory of content costs to change significantly over the next few years, unless we take some actions. And if we have the opportunity to provide customers with different ways of getting to the video content they want, we will certainly be excited about doing that. So, ever since we did choice TV, about four years ago now, we've been looking ways to get customers better choice around the cost of getting their video product, and we’ll continue to do that.
Matt Ellis: Hey, Mike. On the voluntary benefits, as we announced, 10,000 people coming off payroll in terms of the benefit this year, they come off in predominantly three different waves. Some came off at year-end and we’ve got a couple of additional waves coming off, so that factors in. We will have a small amount of backfills, not exactly the same position but as we re-imagine the work, but net, net a significant -- down the vast majority of that 10,000. So, the timing at which people come out will matter. Remember, the charge we took was $1.8 billion. We haven't disclosed what we expect the income statement benefit in 2019 will be. But certainly, we expect to get a good payback on that initial cost of doing the severance. So, you should expect a pretty significant benefit in 2019. And as we continue to change the way the work gets done, those heads don’t come back into the business and that should be a sustainable cost improvement as we go forward.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Hey, Matt. So, on your first question, no major impact at this point on the macro economy or even the shutdown. On the shutdown, we did see some impact in our government business, as you'd expect, but nothing significant to the overall business. And then, in the wireless market, we see a continuation of the trends that we saw in 2018. The vast majority of promotions now are more on the handset side, the hardware as opposed on the service revenue. We continue to see that promotional activity in the marketplace, but we continue to believe that -- and see the evidence with the great network experience and having the right offers where we compete effectively. And I would reiterate what we said earlier, when you talk about that best network experience, when you look at a number of the third-party surveys that came out for the second half of 2018 performance, not only did our performance improve but we widened the lead against the competition. So, that continues to matter to our customers and puts us in a position to compete effectively in the marketplace.
Matt Ellis: No. Exactly, I think the -- nothing we saw changed significantly in the fourth quarter from the trends we discussed previously in here in terms of the makeup of competitors in the marketplace. And look, as the supposed gig footprints expand, it doesn't seem to be impacting our competitiveness at all. So, we continue to believe, by having the best product out there is resonating with customers. And we welcome other guys into the market and look forward to competing with them.
