Lowell McAdam: Thank you, Fran, and good morning everyone on the call. Today is obviously an important day for Verizon as we transition the CEO role from Ivan to me.  This has been a very smooth transition by any measure, and we have Ivan to thank for that. He has had a very clear plan from the beginning, and that is to keep the focus on customers and our investors.  I want to be sure that I say to investors on my first day on the job that I understand the obligations that come with this position and that is to deliver bottom line results. Ivan has built a tremendous company over his 18 years of leadership. He has moved this business from a regional wireline voice business to the leading national wireless company and to a Global Enterprise technology company.  I believe we can accelerate that transformation to a global solutions and networking company. I believe that the pieces are already in place to do that, and that we are showing good momentum in our results to further fuel that transformation.  Morning Fran has done his usual highly professional job explaining the results. A few things stand out for me. First, Wireless continues to show strong growth and industry-leading profitability. We have been through many transitions of devices and technology. The consistency of results in the face of a highly competitive and dynamic market show the underlying strength of our team and our operations.  Second, the FiOS strategy has proven itself by taking share and gaining revenues. Our enterprise strategy, fueled by the MCI, the Cybertrust and now, the Terremark acquisition, is producing a highly-successful portfolio of services that are being rapidly adopted by our customers.  And finally, I see a cost-control mindset that is driving overall profitability. While my optimism is certainly based on performance, I also see tremendous potential ahead. First, I'm pleased with the organization structure and the management team that we've put in place last October. They're rolling up their sleeves and diving into many opportunities to reengineer our processes and policies. This will streamline our operations to deliver better service to our customers and better cost performance. Second, we have leading-edge technology platforms in FiOS, LTE, our IP backbone and now the cloud. These investments will pay dividends now and in the future. As we see far more demand for video, data and enterprise applications, we are better positioned than any other company to meet evolving customer needs.  Third, we've begun to effectively partner to drive innovation for our customers. Some of the most innovative companies in ours and adjacent industries are working in our existing innovation center in Waltham, Massachusetts and the soon-to-be opened sister center in San Francisco. We see an exciting roadmap of new consumer and business products on the horizon. Finally, I am pleased with the evolution of our partnership with Vodafone. We are clearly moving from a purely financial partnership to an operating partnership. We are now facing our largest multinational customers as one team. We've aligned our product and our technology roadmaps, and we are beginning to purchase infrastructure together. All of these actions will begin to enhance our revenue and our cost profiles.  As my last comment, I'd say we have just finished taking the top 300 leaders of Verizon through a class we call leading for shareholder value. Fran and I teach significant sections of the class, which focuses on how we can drive the business to higher returns. I am very pleased by the reaction of the senior team and their commitment to our success. We use the term, there's always a higher gear, meaning no matter where you are in the business, there are opportunities to improve. That's what makes being part of Verizon so exciting, and that's what positions us so well for the future.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to John. Thank you.
Lowell McAdam: John, this is Lowell. Just if I look back over my 20-some years on the Wireless side, every time we brought in new devices, we brought in new use cases, we saw nice expansion of the market. And I think that's just what you see going on here today. In some ways, it's similar to when we all went to family share plans. So there was a big concern over what ARPU was going to do. But we expanded the market nicely, great profitability, and I think that's exactly what's going on here now. And so we feel very good about the position.
Lowell McAdam: Sure. So I'll let Fran talk specifically about the dividend here. But I think that Vittorio's and my goal over the last 18 months have really been to try to turn the temperature down a little bit and to improve the bottom line of the relationship. So we've really focused -- because we knew LTE was on the horizon here, we started out by focusing on aligning the technology roadmaps, and that will go all the way through purchasing network equipment together as they're a little bit behind us because they don't have the spectrum for LTE, but they're beginning that ramp now. We also have heard very clearly from the large enterprise customers that combining the assets of Verizon business, meaning the global IP backbone and their data center infrastructure, and that's -- an exclamation point went on that with the Terremark purchase, that we could provide a global fix and mobile solution. So we've now -- we have teams that -- its one team made up of Verizon and Vodafone employees that face our top 50 accounts, and we're going to be expanding that very quickly. And there's a number of other smaller, but those are the main ones. Now regarding the dividend, we've been very clear that there will be a dividend. And why don't I let Fran just talk a little bit about the mechanics.
Lowell McAdam: On the enterprise question, Jason, and macro trends, I would love to be able to tell you that we see significant improvement in the overall economic outlook, but we can't really say that at this point. What we see is a shift. And whereas 2 years ago, you were seeing a lot of enterprise expansion, now we're actually able to capitalize on the cost reduction plans of these enterprises. So I think that's why cloud is picking up significantly for us as well as some of our other Strategic Services because the IT department is looking for an opportunity to take advantage of our scale and our applications and so they're shifting -- we're seeing some nice shifts of business. But as far as overall, do we see the economy coming out of this flat plateau? We say, no. I can't say that we see that.
Lowell McAdam: Okay, why don't I just make a comment. This is Lowell, on the labor side, Mike, and then Fran can add additional thoughts. I think the tone is good with the union so far. We have lots of dialogue. I think they've been very professional. We understand and I think -- I won't speak for them, but it's clear that when you see the core Access Line decline and you see the pressures on the Wireline business, that some things do need to change. And yes, we've asked for some changes in our work rules, and we've asked for them to consider coming on to the general employee and management medical plans. Those are probably the big issues. I think we're just coming into the time where we enter into serious negotiations as we get close to the August 6 date. And I'm optimistic that we'll be able to work something through that'll be fair and equitable to both sides.
Lowell McAdam: Let me take the first part of that one. I think, Phil, the handset and smartphone mix, we like the gross add mix that we see coming in here. We're in a roughly 60% kind of range. We are probably what I would view as maybe a quarter behind what we had talked about in January, primarily because we expected an iPhone 5 refresh sometime this summer. We don't know when the next one's going to come out. You'll have to ask Apple that, but we expect that probably sometime in the fall. And I think you'll see a significant jump there when we get to that point. On the LTE side, I can't tell you how pleased I am at how the device manufacturers have stepped up with all kinds of devices, and we're beginning to see, even in the machine-to-machine space, LTE modules because the latency is so much better than we have in a 3G environment. Our fourth quarter lineup is going to be very robust, and you've seen -- you've gotten a little bit of a peek at that through devices like the Samsung Charge. The screen density is significantly better than what we've seen in the past. So I think we're going to have, probably in my entire career, the best fourth quarter lineup of devices I've seen, which will shift that mix that you talked about.
Lowell McAdam: Okay, so there's a lot in there too, Jonathan. So I don't have a lot more to say on the smartphone versus what I said earlier. I do think it's about a quarter behind what we had talked about in January. So given that the delay of the iPhone 5 is more than a quarter, I think we've actually performed quite well. AT&T is a strong competitor, and they've done a lot of things to be a strong competitor. But I like porting ratios. I like our growth rate versus theirs, so I think what you're see is a result of a very dynamic market. Regarding Vodafone, look, I don't see a combination here. I think that we can do what we need to do. There's -- in our markets, they can do what they need to do. In their markets, we can leverage each other's scale, but I would not send any kind of messages here that something like that's immediately on the horizon. I think we need to show that we can do a good operating partnership here. And Vittorio and I see a ton of opportunities in that particular area, and we'll cross whatever bridges are ahead of us when we get to them.
Lowell McAdam: James, let me take the question on tiered pricing, and then Fran can come back and talk about the margins. In my view is that tiered pricing is like gravity. The industry has to get there because there is not unlimited spectrum. And when you look at the utility of the devices that we offer and the video demand that is going to be hitting the devices, it's inevitable. Now each carrier will be in a slightly different position because of their spectrum holdings and their capacity on their networks. So I think over time, there may be some that hold out longer with unlimited, and I wouldn't be surprised if unlimited comes back in and out from a promotional perspective for carriers to balance growth. But in my view, it is -- as I said, like it's inevitable. So do I expect to see some churn impacts? Sure. There will be some users that are very high users that will want to move between carriers to find whatever opportunities they can to continue that. But our strength has always been the best network and the best customer service, and at 2 gigs, well over 95% of our customers are underneath that demand. So I don't think there will be tremendous disruption.
Francis Shammo: John, so this is -- I'm glad the question came because this is one that's important. So if you look at -- we've actually disclosed the new metric that we now call phone ARPU, which consists of our smartphones and our feature phones. And again, this quarter, we saw a very good uptick from feature phone to smartphone, about 53% with the Apple phone, transforming from the feature phone into the smartphone. So we're seeing that 3.2% continuing into the future. I think the important thing here is though is on the Internet devices, and it's important to know because if you go back to October of last year when the market changed pricing on all of Internet devices, we actually launched Internet pricing at $35 per 3 gig; $50 for 5 and $80 for 10. And as we saw the market and we expanded the market in this category with also the innovation of the 4G LTE network and now all the devices that we have on that. In May, we actually pulled the $35 price point from the marketplace. So that was part of the contribution of why we saw an acceleration of the dilution in the Internet ARPU. We have now since pulled that, so now the entry point is $50 stepping up to $80. So we've made that change, and I think that in itself will start to see improvement in the third quarter. But needless to say, the amount of devices and the volume within the 4G network we're very pleased with, with moving 1.2 million devices this quarter. And as you said, John, we are seeing folks who are coming off of their contracts on 3G moving over to the 4G and stepping down from their legacy pricing of the $60 and $70 price point down to the $50 price point. But I also want to make sure that it's important to realize that these devices are a much lower subsidy, and the profitability on these devices are extremely high. So it's the right thing to do. We're expanding the category. We're seeing the expansion with our tablets, with our 4G network with tablets, where we now have our first 4G tablet coming to marketplace. It can be pre-ordered, and we think that, that will also make a dynamic change here. The other thing that I want to talk about ARPU and something that I've mentioned before is because of the dynamics of the industry and the way it's changing, we now have a number of tablets being sold as prepaid. So what you saw this quarter is -- and the sequential accretion in the prepaid ARPU because we're placing more and more tablets onto a prepaid pricing system. The other thing that's interesting to note is more than 50% of these prepaid customers are buying at $35 and higher price points even on the prepaid plan. So this strategy is working. I think we'll continue to expand this, but I do think that we'll see continued pressure in the Internet device category.
Francis Shammo: I think, Simon, at this point, I've made my comments on the dividend. I don't think there's really anything else to comment on, on the dividend.
Francis Shammo: Yes, Tim, on the LTE speeds, we're seeing consistent from what we had disclosed before. We don't get into disclosure of any 4G LTE device usage at this point. Again, I think it's too early to really get a good average on what those speeds will be amongst all the different devices that we have there. As far as on the consolidated margin basis, I think I'll be consistent to say that our business strategy and what we disclosed back in January, I think it proves that we have proven that the strategy is working. We're expanding the market. We're growing our top line, and I think that the margin will follow here based on what Lowell just said where our main points of concentration are, which is the top line growth in all of our different business segments and taking cost out of the business.
Francis Shammo: Okay, I'll answer the first one, Jason. I'll let Lowell take the enterprise one. On the capital spending side, I think we'll just stick with 2011 at this point. And as you know, we spent $8.5 billion worth in the units. We're a total of $8.9 billion for the first half. And as I said back in January, we would be a little different this year because, historically, we've always kind of accelerated our capital expend through the year, and I was very clear at the beginning that said we would have an acceleration in the first half and then a decline because we felt that the capacity of EVDO was built out, and we still are very comfortable with that projection. So you should see that decline coming in the second half of this year. And I think at this point, we know that we still have LFA requirements on the FiOS build of about 1 million homes for the next 2 years. So I don't see any major change on premise past perspective, at least for the next 2 years out. And we said that we would commit on passing 18 million homes, and Lowell and I've said that we would stop there. And then based on penetration rates into the future, then we will make those decisions. So at this point, we'll stick with the flat for 2011, and we'll come back later and talk about the outer years.
Francis Shammo: Yes, Mike, on the margin side, I think I've been pretty consistent, and we've delivered consecutive margin improvement for the last 5 quarters. And I'll commit again that our business strategy is to continue to improve the Wireline margin through top line growth, as well as cost containments. And as Lowell always tells me, there's plenty of pots of gold out there to go after in the Wireline business. So we will continue to take cost out and really concentrate on those strategic revenue growth opportunities within the Wireline business, consisting of FiOS, the enterprise side and especially with the acquisition of Terremark. So I think our plan is there, we just have to execute on our strategy.
Francis Shammo: Sure, Dave. So with that, on the small business side, and I'm assuming that you're -- let me just get a clarification here. You're looking at the, really the SOHO business within the Wireline segment, which was actually down by 5.2% this quarter. And I think what's happening here is that we're seeing additional line loss in that segment. Now the actual Internet and broadband connection in that segment was actually positive for us this quarter, but we did see an acceleration of line loss. And I think what I would contribute it to is if you look at the national startup of small businesses, we are down on a national basis over 50% from where we were last year on startups. So I think it's an inflection of we don't have as much coming in the door to offset that line loss. And the line loss is not increasing but it's consistent. So I think we saw a little bit of a different dynamic in that 0 to 20 SOHO business, which created that acceleration there. But it's nothing that I'm overly concerned about. It's not a big portion of our portfolio. But it is definitely something that Lowell, I and the team are very focused on that we need to turn here in the future. And then on the iPhone LTE mix, the iPhone upgrade to new is pretty consistent with the first quarter, 22% to 23% new and the rest were upgrades.
Francis Shammo: And then, Phil, on the -- just the breakout of LTE. What I will say -- because I'm not going to break out individual devices here, but what I will say is if you take our 4G devices and our Apple device, it accounted for 69% of our net adds for the quarter. So that is definitely executed in the strategy that we laid out for our growth this year.
Francis Shammo: Okay, Mike, so on the enterprise side and the trends, I think what we're seeing is we're continuing to see improvement in our trends from an overall business perspective. And obviously with the Terremark acquisition, we've really put a sounding board out there for ourselves in the cloud space, and you saw that we split out that revenue of Terremark, which grew almost 30% year-over-year. So I think that strategy is there. What we're seeing, quite honestly, is a lot of enterprise customers are coming to us and asking us what solutions do we have in order to cut their costs. And obviously, a strategy around cloud is really the pivotal point of how we can cut enterprise cost. Now the major concern they obviously have is around the security of that cloud, and we think that being #1 in security and the portfolio that we have from our Cybertrust acquisition and what we just acquired from Terremark, we really do believe we're second to none in the marketplace as far as security expertise. So I think that is starting to build momentum here on the overall enterprise place and also on a global basis for us. On the wholesale side, as I said, this International Voice you saw this quarter, we declined down to 7.4% from where we were about 11% in the last 2 quarters. I think we'll continue to make progress there as we get back to an apples-to-apples comparison. And as I said before, I'm kind of bullish to had said if these trends continue, I do still think that in the fourth quarter, we could be back on a positive growth for the entire Wireline segment for us. And then, from a cash flow perspective and income tax and all that, that was all built into our forecast for free cash flow. As I said in the first quarter, we were low because of some timing-related issues. We came back to the range I gave, and I'm confident that with the decrease in our capital spend, we will deliver higher cash flow in the second half of the year.
Francis Shammo: Okay, and then, James, on the FiOS margin, what I will say is that we will continue to make improvements operationally in the FiOS, whether it be on the capital cost of passing a home and a capital cost of connecting the home. And then operationally, we are still performing very, very well compared to core especially around repair and maintenance because the FiOS network operates pretty efficiently. So I think overall, what I will disclose is that FiOS margins continue to improve. I think it's based on 2 things. One is we are very concentrated on the top line growth of our revenue per customer. We have launched Flex View. We've re-bundled where you can build your own bundle now, and we're seeing some nice uptick in people varying whether they want higher speed or less bundling in TV packages and now also with our forthcoming release of our connected home product around security and energy monitoring and electricity and all. So I think it's twofold. It's the operational cost efficiency and building the top line growth of FiOS.
