Brady Connor: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. This is Brady Connor, and I'm here with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hans Vestberg; and Matt Ellis, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, our earnings release, financial and operating information and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations Web site. A replay and transcript of this call will also be made available on our Web site. Before we get started, I'd like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon's filings with the SEC, which are available on our Web site. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials posted on our Web site. The quarterly growth rates disclosed in our presentation slides and during our formal remarks are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential. Now let's take a look at consolidated earnings for the second quarter. In the second quarter, we reported earnings of $1.13 per share on a GAAP basis. Reported results included a pre-tax loss from special items of approximately $255 million, including a net pre-tax loss of $102 million related to early debt redemption costs and a net charge of $153 million related to a mark-to-market adjustment for our pension liabilities. Excluding the effects of these special items, adjusted earnings per share was $1.18 in the second quarter compared to $1.23 a year ago. Let's now move to Slide 4 and take a closer look at our second quarter earnings profile. Consistent with the approach we have shown for several quarters, we have illustrated the ongoing impacts to earnings from the adoption of accounting standard ASC 606 for revenue recognition in 2018. As a reminder, we expect 2020 to be the final year that the adoption of this standard will have a material year-over-year impact on our income statement. As we illustrated in previous quarters, we realized a lesser benefit from the adoption of ASC 606 during the second quarter compared to the prior year, primarily due to the deferral of commission expense. The reduction of the benefit realized creates a year-over-year headwind to both reported and adjusted earnings per share, which will continue throughout 2020. The impact was $0.02 for the quarter and $0.05 year-to-date. For full year 2020, we continue to expect the headwinds from the deferral of commission expense to be approximately $0.09. Matt will go through the COVID impacts that we experienced throughout the quarter in detail in his section. Overall, we estimate that there was a $0.14 headwind included in the reported and adjusted EPS from COVID during the quarter. In addition, we recognized an aggregate tax benefit of $156 million in connection with a series of legal entity restructurings related to an internal reorganization, which resulted in a benefit of approximately $0.04 within our reported and adjusted EPS. So adjusted EPS was down 4.1% in the second quarter as a result of the impact of COVID and ASC 606. We continue to see underlying growth in our operations. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Hans.
Brady Connor: Thanks, Hans. And just a quick note before we get into Q&A. I just want to remind everybody we’re in a quiet period for CBRS given the auction and the anti-collusion, so the comments we make around this spectrum will be very limited. With that, Angela, let’s get started and take the first question.
Brady Connor: Great. Thanks, Mike. And special shout out to Mike today. So I heard it’s his birthday. So happy birthday, Mike.
Brady Connor: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Angela, we have time for one more question. Let’s do one more from the audience here.
Brady Connor: Great. Thanks, Colby. And with that, I think we’re going to wrap up the call. And I just want to make sure everybody is safe and thank you for everything today. And Angela, back over to you.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. And let me summarize a little bit where I think we stand when we’re now entering the second half of 2020. First of all, I think we are entering with strong fundamentals where the network that is performing very well, I talked about the J.D. Power and the LTE network is really performing well. We’re entering the second part of 2020 with a growth mindset, with a lot of key strategic partnerships as well as activities. Our 5G are, of course, of essence, coming into the second half, but that’s already been built in as we’re building so much in the first half. The way we have been dealing with the pandemic and all the other crisis will continue, of course, in the second half. And I think we are coming in with a good foundation and with a strong brand, but also a strong employee sentiment, how we are actually dealing with the situation. And as I said before, Matt has prepared the balance sheet for us to be strong when it comes to going into the second half. And if I look into the second half of 2020, we’re of course exciting for scaling the 5G to nationwide, scaling the Ultra-Wideband to over 60 cities, scaling the 5G Home to more than 10 cities, and of course start monetizing that. That’s going to be a key focus for our executive team, as well as capturing all the opportunities, especially on the 5G Mobile Edge Compute where our business-to-business applications and the way we’re working with our partners as well as the partners that we have acquired, like BlueJeans. Finally, we also have a lot of customer innovation when it comes to our Mix and Match, as well as how we’re seeing that our customer can follow us on the journey all the way from the limited plan up to the unlimited plan. And as we have heard previously, the way that Ronan and the Verizon Consumer Group has been working in the second quarter, we have continued to gain success with our unlimited. Our customers are moving together with us up the ladder. And we are also continuing to expanding into new customer groups with Visible, Yahoo! Mobile and others. And we’re working to see that we are addressing the full market with opportunities, regardless how the second half will look like in 2020. So, all-in-all, I think we are in very good position for executing and leveraging all the things we now have prepared in the last 18 months. So by that, let me kick it back to Brady for starting the Q&A.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. And about the CapEx, I’m just looking back at three years that I have been at Verizon, even though the overall absolute number of CapEx has been very stable, what is inside has dramatically changed all the time, because we together with our engineering team is all the time doing the right priorities given the assets we have. One year ago, we didn’t talk about DSS. But of course, our team was working to prepare all the networks so we can actually deploy DSS in all the radio base stations we have. So we constantly are ahead of the game thinking what is needed to be preparing for the network. But right now our focus is very much about the commitments we have to our customers when it comes to 5G, but also to keeping the best network on 4G. That’s where we’ll have it and then do that fiber reach. Those are the priorities and it will continue so. Then any speculation on the future spectrum or something, that’s a little bit early to have right now. But I can tell you my team is always proactively thinking about how to do this network continue to be the best in America. There’s no debate about that. And I have a high confidence that they will continue to do so when it comes to our CapEx allocation as well.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, John. First of all, I think we’re as prepared as we can be. We have prepared ourselves with our models when it comes to Mix and Match on the consumer side. We have taken out course. We have the best network. I feel very good about the competition. We have always had competition. This is nothing new. So I think Ronan and the team, because that’s primarily where I guess your question is related to. So I think they are well prepared. And as I said, I’m really excited for our second half and what we are doing right now and we are prepared for it. And when it comes to 5G phone from Apple, I can comment on that, but of course it’s a big event whenever it comes because the U.S. market has a very high penetration on iOS. And of course, customers are reluctant to change between the different operating systems. So that’s why a 5G phone from Apple isn’t very important event and especially if you have built the network like us where it’s so transformative that so many customers will be able to feel that transformation and that difference in usage of the network compared to some other networks that will not be a big difference. So I’m excited. I think Ronan is super excited for going into second half and compete. And we have been prepared for this for years and we have been doing it for years.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Michael. Good questions. On the first one, on the bundling we are doing, I think this is a key differentiator for us. What we have been able to do in partnership with the greatest brands that we have on earth and combining that with the best network, the best brand and our distribution. And as I said several times before, our metrics has proven to be far better than we even initially thought, meaning how many have taken the premium from the beginning and how many were converting to paying customers. But not only that, it tells you a difference when you start comparing to competition. What do you get when you work with Verizon? You get not only the best network, you get some of the best services that are running at the moment. And I think that’s unique for us and that’s why if you look at our churn numbers, we are at record low. I think that hangs together for us and we will continue to do so. But we are very picky who we are using. It has to be the right brands. It has to be addressing our full customer base that they really appreciate it. So again, the Verizon Consumer Group with the lead of Ronan and all his team, they are working with it daily. And I would say, we have many services that want to join us because they have seen the model panning out in a very good fashion. The examples you’re mentioning, Disney+ or Apple Music, both of them have I would say have been very successful for both parties and that’s how we see it. On the 5G, when it comes to our commitments and what we outlined when it comes to our revenues, we have not changed. Those are the same. We are gearing for so-called the consumer part of it, Home and mobility in '21 to see some revenues from there and then in '22 from the 5G Mobile Edge Compute. But you’re going to see much more sort of milestones right now of customers, sites and all the early indicators of that we’re heading into that, and that’s what we’re trying to provide you with. You see that now we are preparing for that with announcement. If you think about the Mobile Edge Compute, just last week we announced partnership with IBM and with SAP. That’s going to be part of the 5G Mobile Edge Compute in order to serve our customers. So you’re going to see that how we are doing, sort of laying out early indicators on that path to revenue that we have outlined both internally as well as externally.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Craig. Good questions. Let me start at the last question. I’ll come back to the others. When we see the customers, I think that first of all, when it comes to our governmental business, as you have seen, that has been really going well for the last few quarters here in the pandemic. Many of these states, municipalities, of course, need to go to new models of delivering services to the students or to the community at large. And that’s why we have seen – we announced yesterday several different states that are now using our services for remote learning, for example. So, there we see that there is a craving for actually go to digitalization. That’s the only way and that’s not a one-time thing. For me, I think it’s the new normal. We’re going to see that going over. So I’m really encouraged about that and our strength working with these customers. Then, of course, there are some advanced customers. You also heard this week, we together with the Defense Department are now doing 5G tests, et cetera. So they are also both advanced, but also – so there I feel really good. We have a really good go-to-market. We have great networks, which is the main thing here. Then on the enterprise side, you’re absolutely right. Here you see a divider. Of course, the travel enterprises, the airlines companies, the restaurant large enterprises, they of course are in furlough and actually trying to reduce the costs as much as possible. But on the other hand, you have the large enterprises and actually see the change – see the opportunity right now to transform. I probably do five to seven large enterprises executive meetings per week right now discussing how to do the digitalization of these enterprises. And many of them are accelerating the plans rather than delaying them. Then, of course, we know that lot of infrastructure is already in place for these enterprises, still it takes time to do it. And this can be SD-WANs, video conferencing, fiber or whatever. So it’s more things we sell today. Then you come to the 5G Mobile Edge Compute. I think that the use cases we see today is very much real-time decision-making. If that’s a big distribution center that’s going to have 5G-enabled distribution center to actually take real-time decisions, or if it’s a big manufacturing plant that’s going to use 5G Mobile Edge Compute by wireless connecting to all the robotics, we’re in many of those cases. And then you also see cases where sort of IoT devices with 5G will actually enable a new way of delivering a service. And finally, the whole VR and AR for large enterprises where you need a low latency on the campus or in the manufacturing or whatever it might be, those are all the early cases. Many of them right now are based on low latency. We see it’s creeping into security because the data can then be contained with the company, meaning they can actually process and have all the processing and storage at the edge, which means they can keep the data for themselves. So those two capabilities are the first one. I think in the next, we’re going to see enormous bandwidth of enterprise that need to send a lot of data to the edge in order to take decisions. But so far, latency and security, that’s how the 5G Mobile Edge Compute scenarios are working out. And we basically have two, three – or two, I would say, per industry vertical that are lead customers for us. And we work with them to do the solutions and sometimes we are the third party as we don’t have all application ourselves. That’s how we’re working it right now and I’m encouraged. And, of course, as I said before, acceleration has been seen, because all the digitalization and touchless that is needed going forward.
Hans Vestberg: On the enterprise, to some extent you’re right, because certain customers are delaying and not doing decisions. Those are usually in industries that has huge impact from COVID-19. That’s extremely clear. But we work with them anyhow, because ultimately they are going to be our customers when these come out and those industries will flourish. So we are resilient. We support our customers in good and bad times and our business model is actually working in good and bad times, which is really, really good. So that’s working. The comments on 5G Home from people that are not really doing it, of course, I cannot even comment on that. We feel really good about our model. As we have said before, minimum of 10 5G Home cities. We’re going to have the cities with a much better chipset. That’s on plan for this second half. So, again, we feel good about – our learnings are deep on building coverage, throughputs and all of that. And the self-install, which I have been talking about now for one and half year, which excites me that our customers should be able to receive the gear, the CPs and be able to install themselves in a short timeframe. It’s not that I’m down to the times that I have envisioned. I wanted to be below one hour, but we have come a far way from the eight hours we started with. And compared to a fiber installation where you need to first put it on the agenda, you wait for a couple of weeks and you have to come there and install it, and it takes hours to do. This is a totally different way. It’s transformative. As I said, we are building 5G that’s transformative, not the me-too to my 4G.
Hans Vestberg: I think we’ve answered the majority of the questions when it comes to how we can scale. There are always things. We are at the forefront on technology. We’re first in the world doing this and there is no one even close of thinking it like this. So, of course, there are challenges. We, as an executive team, we sit down once a month, the whole executive team reviewing all this with our engineers to be better all the way from the installation to the marketing. So I feel that we have a good plan. Of course, there are still things outstanding and we can do better over time, but I think we’re in a good place to re-launch when the more powerful CPE is coming, that’s what – and that should enable us to go into 2021 with a better understanding of how we can scale it and where we will scale it. I think one thing that we have learned also is that, of course, fixed wireless access, we think a lot about consumers, but there is an opportunity clearly when you see this also as a fixed wireless access opportunity for small and medium business, et cetera, that we will start working on later on.
Matt Ellis: Thank you, Hans. Thank you, Simon, for the question. So $0.14 of impact from COVID in the quarter, the vast majority of that is driven by revenue both service revenue within the wireless side of the business, predominately in Consumer but some in Business and then also the impact in Verizon Media Group. So the service revenue, obviously there was a couple of major components to that. One is the actions we took. We talked about the Keep Americans Connected pledge but also the increases to customer data plans, those who aren’t on unlimited, had that during the course of the quarter as well. And then you had the impact from customer behavior, primarily around roaming. So as you think about coming into the third quarter, as we said, we expect service revenue to be better in 3Q than it was 2Q getting closer to flat on a year-over-year basis versus the negative 1.7%. That’s going to come from growing the accounts, growing the net adds that we had coming through but also because we don’t have all of those things taking place in the third quarter at the moment that we had in 2Q. But we do also expect customer behavior to continue to reflect what’s going on. So we certainly don’t expect roaming revenues to be at the levels they would have been without COVID. That will continue. And then you mentioned on the business side, especially within SMB, that’s a customer group we’re paying close attention to in terms of how they navigate this obviously very difficult environment working very closely with them, but certainly there could be some pressure there. But all-in-all, the pressures that we saw in the quarter from COVID were as expected. So we’ll have some of those as we continue into Q3 and see some improvements in other areas as well.
Matt Ellis: We’ll wait and see how the environment plays out here, but certainly we can – some of the things we’d expect to be a little bit better. As we mentioned on Verizon Media Group, they were negative 25% in revenue in Q2. We said we expect that to be in the teens in 3Q. That should give less of an impact there. Service revenue, we hope we’d see a lower impact but we’ll see how the quarter plays out obviously. Over the past 30 days or so, we’ve added a level of uncertainty to the forward view with everything, the number of COVID cases around the country, so we’ll see how the quarter plays out here.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So, David to your question around equipment volume, certainly we saw in June an improvement in the volumes across both consumer and business on the wireless side, but I don’t expect that to have a material impact on volumes in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And it’s largely because of the way we do the accounting now being on the device payment plan model. So you have – if you get that increase in equipment revenue, you also get kind of very similar increase on the expense side and even any higher commissions and so on under 606 now get recognized over the expected life of that customer. So the increase in volumes should not be causing a significant change in the margin, a hit to the margin there that as you phrased it in the question. One area where the volumes do maybe have an EPS or EBITDA impact is in especially enterprise and public sector where you still have some of those sales on a subsidy model. But overall, the vast majority of our wireless business is now on device payment, and then you get a much closer matching of the revenues and the expenses. So I’m not expecting to see a significant headwind to the EBITDA in 3Q as volumes pick up.
Matt Ellis: There we go. I forgot to come off mute. Brett, thanks for the question. As you think around service revenue, it starts with having more customers as we come into the third quarter than the second quarter. You saw 173,000 adds in the quarter and especially the 97,000 in consumer and adding accounts. So that’s obviously going to help us sequentially with billing those customers. You mentioned some of the fees, we’ll see how those play out, but certainly that will be a factor. The usage from a roaming standpoint, we don’t expect to see that get sequentially better as a large part of our roaming revenue is international and we don’t expect either business or personal travel to be at the levels this year it was last year for some time. So all of those things will play into service revenue being up sequentially, but it starts from increasing the base of our customers as we’ve done for a long time now and that will continue to be the largest driver. We still have the ability to upgrade customers to unlimited. We made further progress on doing that during the course of the quarter and now well over 50% of our base on unlimited. There’s still opportunity to step more customers up there as we go forward. Pivoting to your questions around the customer payment and where we are with Keep Americans Connected pledge, obviously that pledge ended as of June 30. We ended at around 1.5 million accounts, so it was right in line with our expectations 90 days ago. I’ll tell you what’s most encouraging though is what we’re seeing in terms of payment patterns from the customers. We have approximately a third of the customers are current as of the end of June. I’ve said in the comments that the vast majority have made some payments during that time period. More than 80% of those wireless customers who took the pledge have been making payments. So I am very, very encouraged by what we’ve seen. My expectation is the vast majority of these customers will be customers of ours a year from now.
Matt Ellis: Hi, Phi. Thank you for the questions. I’ll go first on the follow-up question, then Hans can answer CapEx. So here’s what we did at the end of the quarter. For those customers who weren’t current – as I mentioned, more than a third of them were current. So we saw that customers want to continue to pay for the service they get from us. We have a well established process for customers who late pay. We do this every day. We’ve done it for years. But what we did for these customers in the Keep American Connected pledge, we rolled them into a program that took whatever balance they had built up at the end of the pledge and put it to be paid off over a number of months, and so we’ve applied that to them. As you said, because of the billing cycle and so on, we won’t get to see where they are here for another few weeks. We’re watching that closely. But as I’ve mentioned, we’ve seen obviously an intent for these customers to continue to pay. We have a great track record of working with customers. And when they have difficult personal circumstances, helping them to get back current over time and allowing them to remain customers and I expect nothing different with this group of customers in this situation.
Matt Ellis: Hi, Peter. It’s Matt. Just a couple of thoughts. One, remember, you’re driving these revenues off of the same network that you are getting 5G mobility revenues on. So this is the first time we’ve had that opportunity to drive multiple revenue streams off of the same investment. And so as we roll out the network, we’ll have the opportunity to add more market share. And so we’re very excited about that as we head into '21 with the progress we’re making this year.
Matt Ellis: Thanks, Colby. So in regards to the last question, we’re certainly excited about the opportunities that come with the C-band auction. One of the great things about having got the balance sheet in position that we have is it gives us the opportunity to take advantage of items like that when they come along. And I don’t think that – as I look at the balance sheet and I look at the auction that that will provide any inhibitor [ph] to us either in terms of what we do in the auction or how we invest in the rest of the business. In terms of the free cash flow, so the second quarter as you say, a couple of items in there. We had the tax benefit from the item that we recognized in the fourth quarter last year. We also had a timing difference of about $2 billion moving just regular cash payments from second quarter to last week. But all-in-all, look, our cash flow will continue to be strong because we have – obviously we have a strong business with a recurring revenue stream that will continue into the second half of the year. Working capital provided a benefit in the first half with the lower volumes. We’ll see how that plays out in the second half of the year. And I think that will be one of the key determinants of how cash flow looks for the full year on a year-over-year basis. So we’ll see how it plays out, but I certainly expect free cash flow to continue to be strong for the business.
