Francis J. Shammo: Sure. We are going to continue to report postpaid IARPA. But, Brett, we'll get that out to everybody so that you can see that.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Sure, Brett. Thanks. Well, I mean Boston is a unique situation. So we announced the intent to expand Fios in Boston. Understand that the LFA has to be negotiated with city council. And that is a public process that will take approximately 6 months. We have been in discussions with some broad framework, but we need to go through that process. It's also important to note that the LFA is only for video linear TV services. It is not required for broadband or 5G. So obviously when we looked at Boston, it was a city that we needed to densify for the LTE network. So as we looked at all of our current COs around the footprint and the fiber that we already had there, it kind of was a no-brainer to us to say, we can do the fiber bill out (31:21) to expand the LTE densification. But we also can use this opportunity with only an increment of about $300 million over the next 5 years to 6 years to expand our Fios footprint. So the $300 million, you're not even going to see it in the Wireline capital numbers. It's already there. And as far as the capital that was going to be incurred on the Wireless side of the house, that was already going to be spent, regardless of whether we expanded Fios. So we will get to this. But we are starting to – we will start this mid-year this year for especially the 5G and 4G LTE densification. We will start the Internet capability with the passing homes. But for the video product we will have to wait to go through the LFA city council process.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, I think what we'll have to do, Brett, is we'll take one city at a time. Obviously we still don't have Alexandria built out or Baltimore. So if we get to a position where we believe we're going to need to invest in densification in those cities, then that's an opportunity for us to take a look at it. But at this time we're concentrating on Boston.
Francis J. Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Simon. All right. So on guidance first and foremost, we are absolutely confident at this point in time, based on everything that we have planned and the timing of the union contract, that we can deliver on the $3.99 compared to last year. And just to set the record here, I mean again we did not give revenue guidance. We gave EBITDA margin percent guidance, and we gave EPS guidance that would be relatively comparable to 2015. So if you step back a second and look at earnings per share at 2015 coming in at $3.99, we have to keep in mind that $0.13 of that was from our assets held for sale. So really the comparable number is $3.86. And as we said we felt good about growing earnings back to that $3.99 through our normal operations results of the business. So if you take that fourth quarter and move it forward. For the first quarter $1.06, so that would mean we're $0.04 ahead of the prior year. That $0.04, which is somewhat attributed to the Frontier properties for the full quarter, will reverse in the second quarter. So if you start out your baseline from last year's reported EPS of $1.04, $0.04 is taken right off the top for that. And then as we talked there is going to be some timing on offsetting the stranded costs. And again I want to reiterate that we've always said that the stranded costs would be offset on a consolidated basis, not within total Wireline segment. So we do have some timing here. We're looking at business transformation activities. If you look at the Verizon Wireless restructure, that was part of the overall plan to contribute and offset some of the stranded cost. So you can see, we're already looking at operational efficiencies on a consolidated basis. But other things that we're looking at is around distribution centers and call centers. As you know, call centers are a very high turnover rate for employees. And with our decrease in calls coming in from our Wireless customers because of more online, more chat, more self-service, we will not hire as many customer call centers. And we'll achieve this through our attrition rates just naturally within the call center. So there's opportunity to reduce force just through the attrition rate. And then if you look at our equipment volumes, since the equipment logistics system in Wireless is mostly a variable cost system, as we look to the future and the upgrade volume, which we assume will be lower, there's going to be some cost efficiencies that we gain there. So as we look at this, there will be some timing. So Q2 will be lower than just the $0.04. But we're looking at, we will regain that in the back half of the year with some of the other things we're doing. Now finally, obviously on this, the timing of the union agreement. We have planned for that. And if it goes longer, then we will come back in mid-year. But keep in mind that we're looking at this as a long-term agreement for both providing quality jobs for our employees and returning shareholder value to our shareholders. So that's where we stand with guidance. Hopefully that clears it up a little bit.
Francis J. Shammo: On the second question – or the second part of your question around the strike, yeah. At this point, it's too early to tell the impacts. I mean we've deployed thousands of management employees to take on the work. We obviously always, during this period of time, fall a little bit behind on the install work. We still see good momentum coming in from a sales perspective. So there's a little bit of a backlog there, and we'll just have to work through this. But right now, really no financial impact per se in the second quarter that I'm anticipating, unless this drags on for a much longer period of time. On the data center sale, look. I mean this is still – I would consider it exploratory. There's a lot of activity going on. But nothing at this point that I'm prepared to announce in a public forum. But we continue to explore that activity.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Thanks, David. So on earnings, look. I mean we've been pretty open about 2016. And of course we've got a lot of things going in a lot of different directions. I mean obviously, if you look at it, even with Verizon Wireless and the headwind of the revenue here and the transformation of the pricing model, we're still increasing the profitability of that business. And it's really the recurring revenue that we're focused in on, and the quality of our customers. On the Wireline side of the house, again you see there's pressure on top line because of Custom TV and Internet only now, versus triple play. But again, we're improving the profitability of that business. So for this year, we'll stick with what we talked about on guidance. Mike and I have been pretty open – and Lowell [McAdam] – have been pretty open about 2017. We believe we will get back to a normal growth rate in 2017. But I would not attribute it to anything that we divested or acquired. There's a lot of moving parts here, especially within the strategic portfolio, that's putting pressure on some of the bottom line. So I would not overindulge on the Frontier divestiture. I mean we've got a really good value for that, that we're going to put the cash to work, that really benefits the earnings power of this company. And that's the way I look at it. On the upgrade rate, look. I mean if you look at year over year, we're down over 400,000 units on an upgrade rate. And obviously that had a lot of impact on the equipment revenue side. But the other thing that we're seeing is, our embedded base customers are selecting the subsidy model on an upgrade basis, which is why the overall device installment plan take rate did not meet our expectation for the quarter of 70%, and fell short to 68%. So if you look at that, David, and look back to the earnings power, I mean you would think that the stronger uptake in device installment plan would drive more margin. But in fact, we missed that metric. We did lower. And we actually improved our margin overall at Wireless. So there is a lot of moving parts here. But to your question of, where do I think upgrade rates are going to go. At this point, based on what we know, we think that upgrade rates will be relatively the same as 2015. I can't talk to the fourth quarter yet, because I just don't know what the devices are going to look like in our lineup at this point in time.
Francis J. Shammo: All right. Thanks, Phil. So on FCC special access, look. The FCC will take action this month sometime on special access rulemaking, and if tariff investigation at a certain discount that we and other large legacy providers offer for DS1s and 3s. I mean we've reached out – we reached a deal with a lot of the CLECs in order to resolve a longstanding and contentious regulatory issue here. Our top priority though is to ensure that our business services are on a level playing field with all the other competitors, including cable companies. We intend to work with the industry and the FCC to develop a framework for that, that applies to all competitors equally and relies on the sound public policy to determine where and when regulation is appropriate. So we'll wait to see what the FCC does here, Phil. And then we'll respond accordingly. On the bond market and the recent press reports coming out of Bloomberg, look. We've been pretty open and public that we have been looking at an alternative financing arrangement for our installment sale receivables. The public asset backed market is an alternative that we've explored. We've had a number of discussions. We are having discussions continuing with alternative providers and various parties. But at this point in time these are just discussions. It's something we're looking at. We're still doing a lot of analysis around it. And at this point it's just something that we continue to look at. And nothing to announce here today that we're going to change anything at this point in time.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. So on investment side, look. I mean we've been pretty open that our main priority is to get our debt level back to an A-minus rated company. And we are on track to do that. And everything we do, that continues to be the top priority. So even with all of the M&A activity you've seen, I mean if you look back, we started this at a pre-Vodafone debt of – post-Vodafone debt of $113 billion. We've reduced that to $109 billion. But keep in mind that was with a $10.4 billion spectrum purchase during that period of time. That was with $4 billion of a purchase of AOL and some miscellaneous tuck-ins, capital investment, share repurchase. And now we've just sold the Frontier properties. That helps brings that debt down even to a lower level. So we are right on course. But that is top of mind at everything that we do. And will continue to be a commitment that Lowell and I made that is forefront that we will commit to. On the AOL performance, look. I think – I'm not going to get into a lot of details on AOL. But look, they've had the best quarter in revenue in the last 5 years. If you go back to the fourth quarter, we said they were up $300 million year over year. Now of course that's seasonal. Well, that shows you though, that the investments that we've made in the platforms, a lot of the tuck-in type investments that we made with acquisitions – and these are small acquisitions. But they're real critical. I mean if you just look at the most recent acquisition we just did with RYOT, this is a real unique 360-degree video production. It is for really Huff Post [Huffington Post], for them to increase their viability on producing videos for news. But again this goes to our strategy in attacking a certain population that quite honestly Verizon is underpenetrated in. And if you look at that acquisition it directly goes to Gen Z. 73% of their audience is Millennials. So these are real strategic for us to improve the viability of that platform. The other thing you're going to see us do this year too is around go90. The go90 product will start to – across all of the AOL platforms this year. That is going to enhance both the AOL platforms, and it's also going to enhance the go90 platform. So look, continuing with our strategy we will – as I said before we will open the box at some point in time to give you more visibility to this. And I continue to say that that will be mid-year to maybe third quarter of this year, where we'll start to produce some numbers around some of these more specific platforms that we talk about.
Francis J. Shammo: Well sure. I mean if you look at each of the rating agencies, each of the rating agencies have a different approach, because some of them include the pension plan unfunded liability. Others include the OPEB unfunded liability. Others don't include any of that. Securitization, some include, some don't. So each of them is a different metric. But if you look at our overall GAAP ratio, it kind of follows in task with where we would need to be. And based on the GAAP ratio, you should look at a 2.0 to 2.1 (47:42) type area in order to achieve that A-minus rating.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Thanks, Craig. Well, look. I mean I'm not going to speak anything to deal with Yahoo!, so let's just talk about what we have on the table today. And under the sponsored data zero rating type issue, I mean the net neutrality already advocates some of this. And we've structured our sponsored data program to comply with all the FCC net neutrality rules. So for example if any party – third party – is interested in that, we will offer that on a non-discriminatory basis. And we've priced it accordingly at a commercially favorable rate that we believe is in direct, really, compliance with the FCC net neutrality rule. We think that sponsored data and other FreeBee Data programs are good for the consumer. And that regulators will recognize that after concluding their review on our product. So based on the zero data, we'll have to wait to see where they come out on that. As far as Title II goes, look. I mean we agree with all the principles with net neutrality rule. The thing that we disagreed with and opposed was applying Title II to broadband services and particularly wireless broadband. So we'll have to see where this comes out. But in re-classing broadband under Title II was not necessary to ensure an open Internet. I mean there has been nothing ever that shows that it not has been an open Internet. So this will obviously have some negative consequences on innovation as a whole. But look. I mean we're a company that has operated under regulation for 100 years. And it has been very successful. So we'll wait to see what the FCC concludes. And then we'll operate accordingly. But it's too early to say what exactly is going to happen here.
Francis J. Shammo: Well, look. I mean we at Verizon – I mean privacy and security has always been top of mind. And normally we always use an opt-in with our customers or some type of an opt-out feature. The issue though that we have right now is under the FCC proposed aggressive rules on privacy and data security, that would apply to broadband providers but not companies like Google and Facebook. So if we're going to have rules, we need to make sure we don't single out certain industry to either benefit or not benefit from those rules. And that's something that our legal department continues to work with the FCC on. And so we'll see where this ultimately comes out. But that's really the crux of the issue for us.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, John. So on the competitive environment of Verizon. I mean, look, coming into 2015 and again in 2016 we said that the top priority would be to maintain the high quality of our base. And you see us doing that. I mean we now have 48% of our base over on the new pricing. And we continue to push for that. So you saw this 7 basis point increase in churn for the last couple of quarters. What I would say though is, is if you look ahead, last year second quarter, the churn was like a 0.90%. I would not anticipate nor should you anticipate that we will achieve that churn rate again, because things have kind of flattened out now. So I would look at the first quarter as a guide to where we will be for the rest of the year from a churn perspective. And part of that is, is because we are seeing some increased churn on tablets, which we have talked about before, where we gave a free tablet away. And we saw that the customer base just didn't see the value of that tablet when it was free. And they signed up for the 2-year agreement, because they got a tablet for $10 a month, so $240. And they disconnected it at the end of the agreement. So we stopped doing that promotion for that reason. But you see some of these tablets now coming up on the 2-year deal. So we anticipate that some of that higher churn, that tablet environment will hit us over the next couple of quarters. So we should be prepared for that. But as far as the smartphone churn, we are continuing to see improvement in that smartphone churn, which gets us to holding a flat churn rate overall. So I think that's really what's important to us right now is that smartphone churn rate, which is really where we're dedicating all of our concentration and our promos. On the prepaid side, absolutely. I mean our retail prepaid is above market. We're really not competitive in that environment for a whole host of reasons. And it's because we have to make sure that we don't migrate our high quality postpaid base over to a prepaid product. If you look at the competitive nature, they're doing it with sub-brands. They're not really doing it with their brands. And quite honestly we use the TracFone brand as our prepaid product. And TracFone has been extremely successful for us. It's not something that we disclose any more on reseller. But it continues to increase on the high quality base of TracFone. So that's really where we use and go after the prepaid market. More to come on this during the year. But currently that's how we operate under the prepaid model.
Francis J. Shammo: Okay. Thanks, Mike. So on the video landscape, look. I mean I think we've set the bar on where we're going on video, both in the home and outside the home. So in the home we were the first to come out with our Custom TV package, which rebundled certain content. And it's been very successful. I mean this quarter, even with the rebundle of Custom TV, we had a 38% take rate on that bundle. And what I will tell you is, yes, it does give us some top line pressure, because it's a lower bundle from a revenue perspective. But the content cost is considerably lower. Therefore, it generates actually more margin for us. So it's the right thing to do. This is what customers want. They don't want to pay for 300 channels anymore and only watch 17 on average. So we're trying to give customers what they want. And that's a fight, obviously, with all the content providers. But we're doing it within the legality of our contracts. And of course, we won't breach any of our contracts. But it's the way that the environment is moving. So I don't think we're going to change any approach to our in-home delivery. The other thing is, is there's confusion out there on the video side, which is, everybody wants to talk about taking in-home video to a mobile handset. And this is something new. This has been done for the last 2 years. Everybody who has an in-home subscriber, most rights give them the ability to view that content as long as they subscribe and authenticate to that subscription, they can watch that on their mobile handset. We're taking the – really the strategy in a whole different – in a different mode. We're going to a mobile-first strategy outside the home. It has nothing to do with in-home content. Now some of the content you could watch at home could be on this for like sports. That has been very popular in the go90 environment. But we're looking at a lot of different mobile first, short clips, news, sports. And if you think about it, original content. And if you look at the strategy that we have taken in the last couple of quarters, we've added a lot of content that has nothing to do with in-home. So if you look at our Hearst joint venture, we now have joined in with them to create two very exclusive channels for us. One is called RatedRed, one is called Seriously.tv. And the target population is 12 to 24. We then, as I said in my preambled remarks, AwesomenessTV, we took a 25% ownership stake. Because what we saw was, there was certain original content that we had contracted with them, that they deployed in go90. And we saw viewership really jump when those original contents presented themselves. So this is another one where – number one digital brand within the female population of ages 12 to 24, 160 million views, up 53% year over year. And then finally, if you look at what we just did within the last few days, entering into another joint venture with Hearst and buying Complex [Media], a 50% owner. This is another number one digital brand in the male population of 18 to 24, monthly unique viewers of 54 million, and over 300 million views per month. So this is really where we're taking the video product on mobile, which is very different than what everyone else is talking about. And we believe that's where we are going to be a differentiated brand with go90 and AOL, and everything else that we're doing around that video platform. So that's kind of where we're at on that. On the service revenue stability, look, Mike, we've done a lot of modeling. We consistently say, as soon as we get to a more than 50% penetration of that base on the – what I'll call the device installment pricing plans, we start to see service revenue flatten out. And we start to see accretion at the back end of 2017. And we've run a number of models. And we consistently see that model towards that end. So that's really where we're at at this point in time.
Francis J. Shammo: All right, thanks, Amir. So first on just the CapEx, look. There's some timing here. And the reason that is, is because, if you look at it, in the fourth quarter of last year, we really accelerated our spend, really in Wireless, to prepare for the Super Bowl. And that was a whole densification project on the West Coast, around San Francisco and Santa Clara. So really what you're seeing here is a timing issue. We are right on track with our plans on densification. We are still deploying a lot of small cells. So there is nothing that I'm going to say here that should concern you about our plans. And you'll see us catch up on that spend in the second and through the third and the fourth quarter. So, coming in right on guidance. Now the only thing I will say here is, keep in mind that the first quarter also had $150 million on Frontier that will disappear in the second quarter. So you could assume that second quarter may be a little lighter than in the past. But again, right on track with where we thought we would be. On the 5G question, look. We are committed to being the first U.S. company to roll out 5G wireless technology. We are currently what I would call doing sandbox – sandboxes and creating innovation centers. We are working with the 5G Technology Forum, which includes all the major OEMs and handset OEMs. We will evolve this 5G ecosystem rapidly, just like we did with LTE, to ensure an aggressive pace of innovation. Currently we're testing 5G technologies this year. And we aim to have an initial fixed wireless pilot starting in 2017. And I want to reiterate that. This is a fixed wireless, which is really one of the first cases that we see. It's really not about mobile. It's really around fixed wireless. We're helping the industry to adopt the rules on 5G deployment, including the opening of the spectrum bands above the 24 gigahertz. And we're working with the FCC. And as you know with XO, we have the ability for an option to buy around the 28 gigahertz, which is currently how we're doing our testing right now. And then, keep in mind that 5G is not a replacement technology of 4G. So this is not a capital intense overlay to the 4G network. It really is all about high speed video delivery over a wireless network in a very, very efficient way. And you should think about 5G again, like we did with LTE, where you see those four to five incremental cost decreases when delivering that video. That's similar to what we will see in the 5G environment. So right now that's where we're at. But we continue to plow forward. And we will be ready to go with the 5G technology.
Francis J. Shammo: Thanks, Mike. Look, the first quarter provided strong results to the start of this year. And again I want to reiterate we are very confident in our ability to execute on the fundamentals and grow this business profitably amidst the competitive environment and manage through the transition of our business models. We are also positioning our business for future profitable growth through cost and capital efficiency initiatives and all the new revenue streams that we always talk about. We look forward to a positive 2016 with confidence in our ability to execute our strategy, create value for our customers, our employees, and our shareholders. Thank you again for joining Verizon this morning. Have a great day.
