John F. Killian: Tim, on that is our market share remains strong. We're still quite positive here. And I'd say we're pretty even in performance as we went through the quarter. We probably picked up a little bit towards the March timeframe. But again just to reiterate, we believe there still is postpaid growth out there for us. We believe our network and our offerings are a differentiator.
John F. Killian: Tim, it's a real surprise I'm getting this question by the way. So let me give you a couple of thoughts here. One is we've just passed the 10th year anniversary, hard to believe, of Verizon Wireless being created. And in partnership with Vodafone, I think our teams have done a great job. We've had a great working relationship with them over the last 10 years and the business is doing extremely well.  Now let me hit the dividend issue first because I think it's important. I want to make sure from our perspective that our shareholders understand that we view the dividend as being very safe. We're a business that generates a lot of cash flow, over $30 billion of cash flow. We have a lot of different levers we can pull to make sure we have the ability to pay the dividend.  And you know I'm surprised that becomes as big of a question as it does become given all of the levers and all of the cash flow that we have. We have numerous sources of cash that is being generated. And by the way paying the dividend to our shareholders, our shareholders are a priority for us. So the dividend and making sure we have stability and being in a position to recommend to the board dividend increases is highly, highly important to us.  Now on the strategic side of it Tim, you know, over the last 10 years you and I have both watched, there are kind of cycles where the whole ownership question gets more and more attention. We're in one of those times right now. From where I sit, the business is working extremely well. We've never made a secret of the fact that under the right conditions, right terms, of course we would be interested in buying out the minority interest for 45%. Why wouldn't we be in a business that's working as well as it is?  Now from my perspective as a CFO, that's very much a financial transaction. We run the business today, we operate the business, we manage it, we control it. So I would look at, you know, what is the price tag that the other party if they were interested in selling. What's the price tag? What's the multiple? Does it make sense to us from a financial perspective?  I don't know where that's going to go, but our view is pretty clear on that from that perspective. The discussions around merger that had been out there in the press, you know, I've made a comment on that recently and it kind of does reflect the belief of the management team. We're not convinced there's industrial logic behind putting the two organizations together.  By the way, not that we're not open to listening, hearing new information on that, but we do not see a significant level of synergies, cross border mergers, you know, have not been historically highly successful. A lot of management complexity comes with that. So while we're always interested to hear about that, we don't really see the industrial logic.  Now on the cash flow from wireless, the great news is there's a lot of cash flow. It's growing, it's getting better. It's going to continue to get better. We've been clear what our view is of that in the short-term, which is to use it to delever Verizon Wireless. That is still our view.  We have an annual discussion with Vodafone in December of each year. We'll have another next year. There is not [religion] though. I don't want you to think that we would never dividend cash out of Verizon Wireless. At some point when we're in a position where leverage is much lower than it is today, and when it is appropriate, we will dividend cash out of Verizon Wireless. It's just not a 2010 event. We'll be looking at that again as we get into 2011, but it's an event off into the future.
John F. Killian: Obviously I said in the prepared remarks, we're very satisfied with where we are from a FiOS perspective. We're very focused on growing penetration. Our build plans, we're still on the path to build alternately to about 18 million premises within our franchise territories.  This year we're going to pass about 1 million premises in 2010. You know, give or take 100,000 or 200,000 on either side. Part of that is an intentional strategy, Simon, this year to focus down on a lot of the inventory we have. A very strong focus around the NPU population within our franchise territory.  We don't believe we've had enough focus there, and it's a great opportunity and a very cost effective way to drive new subscribers in new retention. Now from an RCM perspective you are right. We've had very good growth in FiOS RCM, more focused on the video side. We have had some price increases there which are natural, you know, in terms of the video side.  We've also seen improvements in some of our Video on Demand kind of services that are also contributing to that. So yes, we're very pleased with FiOS. The profitability continues to improve. We've been operating income positive the last couple of quarters. The cost metrics that we believed we would see ultimately with FiOS has positioned us very well.  And, you know, we think we've got a great foundation here on the wireline side for the future. That, you know, we will have somewhere in the range of post Frontier spinout 70% to 80%, in that range, of footprint covered with fiber. And that's going to position us very well for the future. You know, we've also got focus on making sure we've got capital discipline within the wireline business. We have suffered a little bit from the economy and some of the cyclical change. So there is focus on making sure we're investing at the right level in that business.
John F. Killian: We'll have a little more to do in the 2011, and maybe even the 2012. We're just stretching it out a little bit longer. We felt that was appropriate given where the economy was, given some of the attention we've got around the Frontier spinout. Don't read this at all to be at all we're not satisfied with FiOS. We are very satisfied with FiOS and will continue to evaluate that going forward.
John F. Killian: From a competitive environment, from cable on video and HSI, we really see no change. It is a very competitive environment, as you know and continues to be but I don’t see anything in the quarter or this year that has really shifted. When you look at our results, we did better in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter.  Our total broadband was 89,000 just short of 100,000. That was up on [30] in fourth quarter a year ago. We continue to do reasonably well here. We’d like to drive to a little bit higher numbers as we go through the next several quarters. We think with the economy starting to come back a little bit we’re positioned for that. Our wireline team is very focused on it. We don’t see…and you know Dave, customer satisfaction and independent reports continue to put FiOS at the top of the list in all areas. We think we’ve got a great product here. You’re incenting people to change, right? They’ve already got service, typically, so that’s the trick for us.
John F. Killian: Just a couple of thoughts here, Mike, I think with the news of last night, we might be able to do better than even the $2 billion. I’m not going to give you a break out of how much is tied to…What I think you’re going to see is improving top line within the wireline business based on FiOS and the enterprise side. And you’re going to see very visible cost reductions. Some of that is incremental to the normal but I’m not going to place an exact number on that.
John F. Killian: Okay hey Mike, you know on your first one on market share, we look at really every month we get studies from Nielsen on share shifts and all of that. Obviously we look at our churn numbers which are terrific, the postpaid churn at 1.07, we look at our porting ratio, so from our view we’re hanging in there very nicely, and that’s at a time where there is a little slowdown as you’ve mentioned on the postpaid side so we feel good about where we are on wireless market share and we think we’ll continue to do well as we go through the year.  From an enterprise perspective, a couple thoughts here for you, our number in the quarter only down, 1.4, had been down 4.8 in fourth quarter, 6.2 in third quarter. Even would you adjust for FX we were down 2.3 in the quarter versus 5.6 in the fourth, 5.3. So were definitely seeing improvement here from an enterprise perspective. We’ve repeatedly said we’ve been very successful in winning new opportunities in the marketplace. We continue to do that, a number of those are incremental. We’re still seeing moves on both a private IP perspective as well as security services. We did see some benefits in the quarter also from CPE, now that’s a good indicator I think of the economy, so that all puts us in a good position. Now on how important is it? It’s important but relevantly there are four or five different major contributors that we need to get them all clicking. Cost is probably number one right now in terms of biggest contribution but continuing the progress on FiOS, continuing the progress on enterprise are all very important.  So I know you have another call at 9:30 so I think we’re going to call this [inaudible] but I want to leave you with a couple of closing comments here. First of all let me thank you for joining us today. If you look at our wireless business we continue to see great opportunities to grow the business and to make the business more efficient. Our strategy around aggressive 4G deployment and increased smart phone penetration for multiple operating platforms will drive data growth and continue to differentiate us from our competitors.  We remain committed to maintaining reasonable growth and strong profitability in our wireless segment. On the wireline side, we believe that the strategy we put in place a few years ago, that is having a smaller footprint with the majority covered by FiOS, coupled with a more global enterprise business focused on multinationals is the right strategy that also differentiates us from our peers and will help drive growth for the long term.  I also recognize that the issue on the wire line segment is stabilizing and improving profitability. I do not want to overstate what we can do here in the short term but I believe our cost reduction initiatives will gain traction and with an improving economy we will see better wireline modules. Finally we continue to deliver strong cash flow metrics. Our dividend is strong and safe. We’re maintaining good discipline in our capital spending and our balance sheet is solid.  Thanks again for joining us today on the call. 
