Fran Shammo: First on the FiOS growth, yeah I think that I gave a range of 150 to 170; where we came out of September I am very confident that we will get to that 150 plus for net adds in the fourth quarter, so I think that's a good target. And then on the pension side, I think that from a P&L perspective, it’s very hard for me to distinguish at this point in time; there are so many fluctuations here. But I think the key to this whole thing a couple of points I want to make here. So from just an overall cash perspective which is the real key here, because this is really the cash impact of the business. As you know we made a first half contribution of $600 million. In the third quarter, we added another $1.2 billion to the plan, so $1.8 billion from a cash impact perspective to-date and in the fourth quarter we determined that we will put another $1.6 billion into the plan. All these contributions are tax deductible. We will not have any 2013 contributions and that based on our planning and the assumptions that we have in this transaction, the future cash contributions to the pension plan will be less post this transaction close, which we anticipate to be early December. So from that perspective, that to me is the important part. I think everything else is pretty minimal at this point in time.
Fran Shammo: I think at this time, we've no more definitive agreement at this time and to extend this transaction. This transaction is specifically related to management retirees, who retire before January 1 of 2010. It does not impact current active management employees. It does not impact current active union represented employees nor does it impact retiree union represented employees.
Fran Shammo: So on the wireless margin, look I think that this has a lot to do with volume, right? So the iPhone 5 came out in very late September. There really wasn’t all that much volume on the iPhone 5. If you look at our total iPhone adds, we added 3.1 million, 1.1 million than we did a year ago, and about 651,000 of them were iPhone 5s, the rest were 4 and 4S.  What we’re seeing here is, we’re seeing that the iPhone 5 we had supply constraints, we’re not sure where we’re going to stand in the fourth quarter with those constraints. But what we’re seeing on the 4 and the 4S is that we’re attracting customers who probably previously did not come to Verizon because of the cost point of that iPhones. So, I think you saw that in our net adds growth for the quarter. So, again from a trending perspective and all the work that we’ve done around cost and the $2 billion, and if you look at the three years; we’ve taken out $5 billion of cost structure of wireless.  Again, I think that given the volume, there could be some dilution in that margin. If the volumes exceed what they were in the third quarter, which I anticipate they will. If you recall back to the first quarter, I said we would accelerate our growth throughout the quarters for the year, as we come out of the third quarter. You saw we posted our highest growth in the last four years, and I think that we will accelerate that growth into the fourth quarter. So, yes, I think we will have some deterioration in the margins in the fourth quarter for wireless. But at this point I can’t tell you what that will be, because I don’t know what the volume will be. But obviously, I don’t anticipate it to be as much as it was a year ago. Great, and then on the wireline side, I think this story is a much more complex story. But in the short, just for the union piece of this, I think, we’ll wait till the fourth quarter, but you’re not going to see any benefits this year. But I don’t want to really get into the details until this contract is ratified. A number of unions have ratified it, but it will not be ratified by all until the next couple of days are over. So, once that happens I will give some more clarity around this add during the fourth quarter and into the first quarter.
Fran Shammo: So on the 700 MHz we started this process late in the third quarter, the process is ongoing. We have a lot of interested parties, a lot of complexity to the bidding process here from the individual respective party. So there is a lot of work to be done here and we are not ready to talk about exactly where we are with these.  I think the important point though is, we are going to analyze each and every bid. We are also developing our own internal plans to launch this spectrum, because as I said before, this is not a fire sale on spectrum. So if we do not get fair value or what we believe to be fair value, then we will use this spectrum internally.  But at this point I think it’s too early to communicate exactly how this will proceed, but I think it will happen late in the fourth quarter possibly not till the first quarter, and if we do come to terms with some of these than it has to go through the normal FCC approval. We are probably very close on that, probably till late third quarter, fourth quarter of 2013.  As far as Vodafone dividend; this is a very interesting question. Because I think we all forget that on January of 2012 we actually did do a dividend that’s $10 billion, and throughout the year during our normal course we did about another $4.5 billion of tax distributions. So year-to-date, we have done $14.5 billion of dividend distributions out of wireless.  To talk about a further dividend, I think it’s pretty mature, we have an agreement with Vodafone that we will discuss this before the end of the year, and once we have that discussion and we will report out what the decision will be.
Fran Shammo: Yeah, Phil, so obviously, if you look at our growth and you look at the number of phones we have moved, the majority of the phones sales incurred a subsidy on them. But we did have a number of customers who actually paid full price for phones to remain on the unlimited plan. So we did have some customers who made that choice and stayed with Verizon Wireless.  But for the majority most of the smartphones that we sold included a subsidy. But we also had our large volume in our postpaid tablet category, and we also had a large volume in our internet category, and they carry for the postpaid tablets at really no subsidy. And on the internet devices, we almost doubled the amount of net adds we had from second quarter to third quarter, which was a contribution to our Share Everything plan and they have a reduce subsidy compared to what a smartphone would be, but the majority of devices did have a subsidy.
Fran Shammo: Well I think it’s a combination of a couple of things. Number one, I think as I said coming out of second quarter, we probably moved away a little bit too much of promotional activity. So we picked that up in September, and the third quarter is a very high seasonality of moves for us and this is always a third quarter issue with FiOS, because people move out of the area and we can't retain them because they move to an area that does not have FiOS availability to them.  We are doing a lot of effort in reconnecting existing homes that already have an O&T on the side of the house, for people who have moved in. So you are going to see a lot more activity around that. I also think that we did see some pressure in the current phase from the price upset we had. And I think those price ups were all done now, so I think we are going to stabilize here and I'm very comfortable that we’ll get back to that 150,000 plus for net add projection.
Fran Shammo: From a copper shutdown perspective its highly unlikely that you will ever see a Verizon have no copper in their network, because of the vastness of this network. But I think strategically the way we have approached this from a copper-to-fiber migration all copper is not created equal. We have areas where the copper has really deteriorated because its 60 years plus, and we are strategically going after what we call chronic troubles and that is a truck roll that happens in a period of six months time and that costs us about 900 hours in cash from a perspective of that.  So, when you look at the overall investment that we have to make to migrate that customer from copper to FiOS, its more cost effective to go after those chronic problems first. But not all of the network that leads into one switch is having these chronic problems. So to think about decommissioning every switch in our network would be a huge cost undertaking.  So we believe that the strategy we've outlaid with our copper-to-fiber migration is financially viable, it’s better for the customer, we see that from the customers who we have migrated in the short term, they are actually buying up in the FiOS quantum and generating $10 plus more ARPU. So we are strategically going after this.  We have also received a lot of regulatory relief already in the states that we deal with, from being a carrier of lost resort, replacing in Pennsylvania, fulfilling our obligation of bringing broadband to customers via (PA30) rulings which would be with wireless instead of wireline, which is a much more financial beneficial to Verizon. So we have already explored a lot of this regulatory highway and we will continue with our copper to fiber migration under the plan that we are executing. 
Fran Shammo: Sure thanks, Mike. So your general normal quarterly question I have it right here is gross debt of $10 billion, cash of $8.1, so net debt of about $1.9 billion. And then on the Wireline side of house was VDMS; we are making significant progress. We have been dealing with, what we call a number of chartered customers which includes many content providers and movie houses in helping us to customize this package and get this thing to market. We anticipate that it will come to market in 2013; I won't be specific on that date at this point in time, but we believe we have a very viable product to come to marketplace that will significantly change the way content is, if you will, packaged and picked and shipped. So we will have more to say on that within 2013, but I think that will start to contribute to some of the Wireline top growth and help to improve the margin overall.
Fran Shammo: I am sorry, I mentioned Redbox. Now, we are very close to launching here in the fourth quarter of Redbox. VDMS plays a very critical role in the content delivery with that joint-venture with Redbox and again, I think moving into 2013, the business case that we have with us with Redbox will improve our topline and contribute to the profitability of the overall Wireline segment.
Fran Shammo: Yeah, thanks Jennifer for the question. I think that from a CapEx perspective as I said all along, I believe that 2012 would be flat, I am saying now it will definitely be down from our 2011 spend; I think the trajectory in the ’13 will be very similar to the ’12. I think what you’ll see is what you saw in the third quarter that we continue to very closely manage the CapEx on the Wireline side of the business, meanwhile Wireless will continue with their plan to build out the 4G LTE by mid-year, next year compared to our 3G footprint. I don’t see a substantial change in the CapEx trajectory here, but obviously, this does depend on growth and we hang our hat on being the best network, most reliable network in the industry and that we’re not going to loose that position. So Wireless has been A plus in this area and I don’t believe that will change, but I don’t think there is a significant change in the capital trajectory here.
Fran Shammo: Hey thanks Mike. So migration in Wireline pressure I guess there is a couple of things here and it’s not just the migration, but obviously doing some of this work does increase some CapEx to us and thus increase some of the operating expense to us, but I would say that’s in combination with a lot of other things that we are doing. But this positions us for the future. I would say though that beyond this from a pressure standpoint on Wireline obviously the third quarter to us is always a seasonal pressure point from a weather condition, the construction issue, fiber cuts and so forth, so that’s not unusual for the third quarter to be a bigger margin pressure for us. But the delay of the union contract had an impact on our margins, the Hughes results, obviously if you go back and look at Hughes on a standalone basis, they contribute to dilution in the Wireline segment because that is now included in the Wireline. As we said, we are in the process of retooling the enterprise which is putting a little bit of pressure in the expense category with system consolidation and product rationalization. And then we have also deliberately have gone out during the third quarter and we will probably do a little bit of this in the fourth quarter and accelerated some of the repairs and maintenance within our facilities. We are also doing some additional work in our networks to increase our diversity and reliability within the Wireline network. So there is a lot of things that’s putting a little bit of pressure on the Wireline, but again I think we are taking this opportunity during the low of the economic condition, preparing for this economic turn that hopefully will come in 2013 and I think we will be in a better position to ride that wave when it comes. So I think it’s a combination of all that. And then on the Wireless side, the upgrade window, I guess the way I would put it this way is, our upgrade percentage will be more in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter, but I will tell you, I think it will be less in the fourth quarter of a year ago.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think what I would say is for the third and the fourth quarter, I think you will see similar performance here, while we reposition ourselves, but this will position us for improved profitability in 2013.
Fran Shammo: So let me just start out with the couple of things here, because it’s important. First, as I said in few of the investor conferences, I anticipated and we suspected some consolidation. And I think what the market should walk away with here is that there are two very large companies willing to invest in the U.S. wireless market. I believe this is a sign and it is very good for the industry and I think this shows the strength of the U.S. market and the growth potential that’s still available within this market. I think, what this means from us is a couple of things. First, if you go back to January, 2011, the biggest that Lowell and I made was, we are all about executing on our plans. We have invested and built and remain on our brand to be the best and most reliable network. We have pioneered, launched and now are the largest 4G LTE network with more coverage than all of our competitors combined. I think if you look at our spectrum holding, we have a superior spectrum holding and quality of spectrum with our 700 MHz contiguous across the United States which we've launched our 4G LTE network launch on, and with the closing of our AWS spectrum with the cable companies. So I think we are in a very strong position from a spectrum holding perspective. If you look at our capital, and in the past we've taken a little heat from the market for the amount of capital that we have spent on our networks. But if you look at, on average we spend about $10 billion per year investing in our wireless and our wireline IP backbone support for that wireless network, and I think at the end of the day, you would all agree that execution equal results here. I think the third quarter results speak for themselves. So we will continue to execute and we will continue to lead the industry.
Fran Shammo: I think that at this point we let Isis answer those questions. They are going to launch and we will see how the trial markets doing, and then we will go from there.
Fran Shammo: So on the accounts, we're not going to split the accounts here between business and consumer. We will just leave it as we will give the accounts, we will give the devices per account and the ARPA on that.  As far as the Share Everything plans, I think the best answer is we're seeing a little bit of everything. We're seeing our customers move from their old legacy plants. We're seeing customers who were on unlimited plans, move to Share Everything plan. Now you would think that these initial customers that moved are optimizing from that. But what we're seeing is that they are attaching more devices. That includes more smartphones, and especially with the price points now and some of the lower end iPhones that we're seeing more attachment rates there.  We're seeing a lot of attachment on internet, Wi-Fi devices. And I think what we're seeing is they are attaching the MiFi device at $20 price point, rather than each individually attaching a tablet. So, I think we're seeing very good success in MiFi attachment rates, and from tablets, we're seeing some of that but probably not as much as we had expected. But the MiFi attachment is running extremely higher than we expected. So I think overall, again, what we're seeing in Share Everything is better than what we had expected in our business case.
Fran Shammo: I tried to answer your question in my speech on industry consolidation, but maybe I didn’t do a good enough job. But on the data side of the house, I think our network and our competitive advantage speaks for itself. And I think superiority of our network; I think what you’re seeing is that we’re competing in that arena today against the unlimited plans.  As far as the network goes, we’ve invested $10 billion, probably in the last 10 years in our network. It’s going to be difficult for others to make that within two years as you say. So, I think that’s a longer term plan. But, look it’s all good for the industry. The industry is focused on the growth, but there is a lot of opportunity out there, and we’ve proven that we can be a leader in the industry and we’ll continue to do that.
Fran Shammo: On the upgrade rate, yes, I do think it will decline. There is a lot of things that we took in place from 2010 all the way through, but I think that that will continue happen. As I said in the fourth quarter, it will be more than the third quarter obviously; but I think we will be less than a year ago and I see that trend continuing.  As far as wireless margins, I will leave at this. If you trend out on a graph over the last 10 years what wireless has done given we grow and more profitable, you will see that we will continue to manage that balance and continue to increase our overall portfolio in our profitability.
