Fran Shammo: Sure. Thanks Simon. So, as we have moved into our next space as well has consolidated the operational performance under John. This gives us a better breadth of consolidation if you will post the Vodafone acquisition. And if you go back to when we did the acquisition, we stated that there were some internal valves that could be broken down and we could become more efficient. And with the establishment of Marni Walden’s organization around new products and services this is where we are get into the Internet of Things and over the top video she runs Verizon digital media services and some of the other incubation companies we have. So the focus is running the day-to-day operations out of John’s organization and streamlining, implementing Verizon lean six sigma and driving those cost benefits and efficiencies that we are looking for. With Marni’s organization it’s creating the new products and services that we can launch to grow the future of the businesses. And then with Roger and the consolidation of the network and the IT organization, it just makes sense as we move into more software developed network areas and more the network is driven out of data centers it makes sense that Roger would take over the entire thing from an efficiency and consistency of management perspective. So I think what you are seeing here is more well organized within the company, more cohesiveness and more direct relationship between growing revenue and cost reduction.
Fran Shammo: Well, CapEx we have given you guidance of $17.5 billion to $18 billion. And right now we are staying on track with that. You should see that ramp up through the rest of the year and obviously coming out of the auction we added $500 million to that to densify and build out and that takes a little bit of queuing up time, so you will see that more in the back end of the year. And as far as cost reductions you have seen some of the measures we took at the end of the fourth quarter. If you look at wireline alone, wireline is down over 5,400 people from the beginning of last year. So continuing to streamline that business and become more efficient. And for wireless as John has taken over we are starting to see some streamlining around customer service and some the other things that we have talked about in the past. So I wouldn’t downplay the cost reductions that we will realize in the future here.
Fran Shammo: Okay, yes. So look, I mean I think that if you look at the service revenue and ARPA it all goes to the same issue which is as we start to elevate Edge and we start to increase the take rate of Edge and customers move, you are shifting revenue out of service and into equipment. So you are going to continue to see a decline in service revenue. You are going to continue to see a decline in ARPA, but I think what I would center around is what we said in the script, which was we grew overall revenue by 6.9%. And also if you look at the EBITDA margin which kind of normalizes out the Edge impact, I mean, not 100% of it, but if you look at a dollar of revenue and a dollar of cost there is zero margin. So, if you look at total revenue, 44.8% whereas last year at 44.9%. So, it’s a very consistent profitability measure. The other thing too is if you look at the Edge benefits, you are getting benefits from both lower commissions and so forth, so that is also impacting the SG&A line, because you are indirect before if you think about how that works. We were refunding the indirect through a commission payment for the subsidy of the handset that all goes away. So, you are going to see a decline in the commission expense line, which is impacting the SG&A line. But overall, if you look at the profitability of wireless and I think this is important, if you look at the service margin of 55.8%, if you were to normalize out Edge, the wireless service margin would still have been in that over 50%. So, the profitability of wireless continues to be extremely strong. And again I would go back to what Simon brought up. I would not discount all of the cost reductions and efficiencies that we are creating in the environment.
Fran Shammo: Well, I mean, from a rest of a year standpoint, I think that the outlook is strong. I think that obviously as Edge continues to escalate, you are going to get some benefit there. We highlighted the depreciation benefit. But I think as far as wireless goes, I think we need to be careful here a little bit, because January normally is a slow promotional, slow seasonal quarter. As you go into the second quarter and you enter into Mother’s Day and Father’s Day, I would expect that the promotional activity and competitive is going to heat up here. So, that will offset some of the benefits that you are going to see. So, look I think that service revenue and ARPA will continue to decline as the Edge rate takes up, but it’s really about overall revenue growth and the profitability of the business and we feel good about that.
Fran Shammo: Well, all of our channels have access to the Edge program, but obviously within our store channel, it is very, very heavily weighted towards Edge at this point. We are doing very little subsidy model selling out of the store channel and it’s because where the market has moved. I mean, when your entire competitive environment is just advertising and promoting service pricing and ignoring the whole equipment side, we have to follow that in order to be competitive. So, the store channel by far is very heavily weighted towards Edge. Indirect is starting to come up as time goes, but also keep in mind the business channel and our enterprise channel are not really taking the Edge product. So, if you are asking me, we will get to 100%, the answer is no. I can’t tell you exactly what that percent will be, but we do see that second quarter will probably be in the neighborhood of a 50% take rate.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think the right way to answer this without getting into too public about our contractual situations. Look, this is a product that the consumer wants. It’s all about consumer choice. I mean, if you look at the TV bundles today, most people only on average watch 17 channels. So, this is a way to give consumers what they want on a choice basis. And we believe that we are allowed to offer these packages under our existing contracts. So, we will leave it at that.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Mike. So, on the accounts receivable, I am not going to get too much detail here on this call, but if you look at the fourth quarter to the first quarter with the securitization that we did it’s relatively flat. On early migration on Edge customers, obviously we have an Edge up feature, but you must pay 75% of the phone off. So, if you decide to pay 75% of your balance off, you can upgrade at any point in time you want. And we do have customers who are taking that and edging up, but there is no “early migration” other than what’s instituted in the price plan. On the wireline strategy, look I mean if you look at the three properties that we announced to sell Florida, Texas and California, they were more or less islands to us. They were some of the first properties we build out with FiOS. They are heavily penetrated properties. But the majority of those properties are still copper. And as we look at that strategically, when we laid this out, it just made sense based on the offer that Frontier had in front of us to actually sell those properties. So, I wouldn’t read too much into it other than the fact that they were not strategic properties, because they were islands, but if you look at the rest of our wireline footprint from DC all the way up through Boston, it’s very contiguous. It’s highly populated. We have almost 20 million homes passed now with FiOS. So, it’s extremely viable for us to continue to penetrate these properties. And if you look at the penetration rates, New York is still the lowest penetrated market that we have and still has the highest growth opportunity that we have. So, we are holding on to some of the markets that we believe are contiguous. You will see more and more with wireless and wireline combined under John’s leadership. So, there is more that we can do strategically with the footprint that we have and again it just made financial sense to return that back to our shareholder and bring that cash into de-lever the balance sheet. So, that’s really there all is to it, Michael.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Brett. Well, I guess a couple of things here. So, we still have 17 million basic and 11 million 3G phones and coming out of the fourth quarter, you heard me say that we were going to protect our base. And that was a key ingredient going into the first quarter. And I think with the churn rate you have seen if you look at the basic phone losses on a year-over-year basis, we actually improve that by over 400,000. So last year, we had almost doubled the number of basic phone loss customers than we did this year. And as you notice, we came out with some strong promotional pricing that was targeted towards the basic phone customer and the 3G customer. Now, having said all that, look the environment is, is that there if you look at prepaid on a standalone basis, our prepaid retail pricing is slightly at a premium to some of the other competitors’ postpaid pricing. So, we are in a competitive pricing standpoint. And as I said coming out of the fourth quarter, we will not – we have to be rationale and we will not chase every customer, but we are making every effort to maintain our base and keep our customers and upgrade them into a price plan that’s fitting for them. And we made improvement in that. But I will tell you we still have some more improvement to do, but we are not satisfied with any losses. But then again, we will not chase every add either, based on just cheap price. So, I think that’s the balanced equation that we showed in the first quarter.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think what I said was if it’s not quite I wouldn’t put it in a profitability perspective, but what I would say is if it’s customer who is just price sensitive and does not care about the quality of the network or is sufficient with just paying a lower price, then that’s probably a customer we are not going to be able to keep on the Verizon wireless network.
Fran Shammo: Sure. So, on the securitization piece of the business, yes, you should anticipate that this will be an ongoing program on a quarterly basis going forward. As far as the quality of our base, I think the quality of our base speaks for itself. We have not made any credit policy changes. We have a very strong quality base, but there are a certain segment of our customers as I just discussed around basic, where we are trying to bring them up into a price plan that’s meaningful for them. But if you look at – again, if you look at the lay of the land around price plans, as I said our prepaid pricing is a little bit of a premium to some other postpaid pricing in the marketplace. And as you saw this quarter, we lost 188,000 prepaid retail customers. I can’t answer specifically where they went, but I would say that they probably made a choice to go to a price – postpaid price plan, because it’s actually slightly lower on some competitors than it is with us on prepaid. So, I can’t factually state that, but I think that’s some of the migration, but also I would also say that on the reseller side, which we don’t talk much about, we had a very strong growth through our TracFone relationship over 400,000 some net adds this quarter. So, it could have been a migration from retail to wholesale, but I do think there is a migration from the prepaid base into some other postpaid bases and I think others will have to talk to that, but we are not seeing a lot of that within our base.
Fran Shammo: Well, sure, I mean, obviously it adds risk to the balance sheet, because you are putting up a very large receivable now before it was just service revenue that you are risk add. And if you look at the economics of service revenue, it really is what’s the economic loss to the company really comes down to what’s the actual economic loss of providing the service to the customer. It’s not actually the retail service revenue that’s the loss. So, obviously, the cost of service is minimal. So, the loss was a lot less. Now, you are actually putting up a receivable that has a dollar for dollar loss if the customer does not pay. And again, we are very comfortable with the credit models we use. As I said, we really haven’t changed our credit and we have a very strong credit base. So, I am not – at this point, I don’t see any trends that will be concerning me on the outstanding receivable at this point.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, John. So, on the video tiers look, I think it’s way, way too early to start talking about what the take rate is or where the profitability. So, we will leave that until we get some trending behind us. Obviously, we have done this because of consumer benefit, give the consumer a better choice. So, let’s see what happens here as we go in and we can address that later. On the EBITDA margins, look I mean I am kind of reiterating our guidance that we came out of the fourth quarter from an outlook perspective. And I think that you have to be cognizant of the fact that this is the first quarter of the year. If you look at last year’s trending as we said coming out of the Vodafone transaction, our earnings profile would be more consistent across the quarters. We wouldn’t be as bumpy as we had been in the past. I think that you have to look at the whole thing in retrospect. And also the other thing is I would not get focused in on the service margins side and as I said I would really prefer as to look at the total margin – total revenue and the EBITDA margin. And if you saw the EBITDA margin was very, very strong for wirelesses this quarter. And that kind of normalizes out a little bit of what the Edge take rate is. And then again I also can’t speak to what we are in for from a competitive standpoint on additional pricing moves through the year. So, I am kind of reserving on that side of the equation as well from an outlook perspective. So, on outlook and profitability, I would say reiterating what we said in the fourth quarter and more consistent earnings profile moving forward. So, I think that’s where we will leave it.
Fran Shammo: Good. Thanks Amir. Yes. So I think that this is all point to where the future growth of the business comes from. I mean there is not many businesses where consumers want to consume more and more and if you look at it 86% of the usage is on the LTE network. And if you look at our More Everything accounts they are up 54% in consumption year-over-year. So, obviously consumers are willing to consume the content on their wireless devices which is why we were so optimistic around Internet of Things and of course over the top mobile. Now as you start to look at the densification and the efficiency of the network, as I said in my prepared remarks we are already starting to reap on the 1,900 PCS licenses in certain markets and we still have a long way to go there. Also we are looking at as I said the LTE unlicensed which is a really good fit with the licensed LTE piece which will give us a lot more download capability in a managed network comparability. So there is a lot that we can still do around our spectrum and efficiency and obviously with the LTE network as you have seen with 86% of that traffic running on it with a 54% overall year-over-year increase the cost structure of the business really has not changed because the ability to deliver this on a very cost efficient network is there. So I would just continue to say that as we continue to grow on the consumption model what we did in the AWS spectrum in buying the licenses and our plan to build out and densify, I think we are in a very good financial position to execute on that in a very financially disciplined manner and continue to generate the returns that are expected of us.
Fran Shammo: I think look I mean we are very focused on our balance sheet and we are committed to de-lever and as we said coming out of the Vodafone transaction we had four priorities. One was to continue to invest in our networks and platforms, which we are, to buy spectrum, which we did to have a competitive dividend payout, which we are and to de-lever the balance sheet. And we will continue to do all that. As far as any type of strategic acquisitions or additional spectrum we are probably alluding to the incentive auction and I think that we are just going to have to wait to see what the rules are before we decide how we are going to execute on or around the incentive auction. So I think that still a little bit ways out before we can make that decision. But look, we have positioned the balance sheet to be able to execute on the strategies that we need to execute on in order to deliver the future growth and earnings of the business. And I think we are in a very, very sound position to do that.
Fran Shammo: Okay. So, first on over-the-top video, as we have talked before you see us announcing some of the content deals that are in this, but it goes back to what I said before, this is all around having the consumer consume more content on their wireless handset through the Verizon wireless network. And we know that consumers want one content. We know what the viewership is and this is appealing to mobile content and let’s not confuse that with linear TV content. So, I would not read into the Custom TV package as a precursor to the over-the-top video, it’s not. These are two very distinct ecosystems. As far as the monetization model, when you think about the monetization, there is many different avenues we can do on this. There could be premium subscriptions. There could be pay-per-views using the multicast technology. There can be advertising model so that the consumer does not pay for the content consumption or as others would call sponsored data. So, I think there is lot of models that we can use and I hate to say this, but let’s wait until Marni and team are ready to make the big splash here this summer and then we can have more discussion around what it means.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think this is the great lead way into the over-the-top mobile. And it’s developing more ecosystems around monetizing the consumption that happens on the network. Obviously, we are in a period of time where we see the service pricing dilution because of the installments out. And I think that will continue. And of course, we are increasing bundles, so more data for the same price, but this is no different, Tim, than what we saw on the voice world way back where we had a price and then all of a sudden everybody started seeing dilution on the minute per minute price, because more minutes were being given away in the bundle and we saw a little bit of access accretion, but overall, pricing was coming down. And then all of a sudden, the usage tracks started up again and revenue took a turn. And I think that’s the piece that we are in with – right now with the data world, but the key to this is to develop these other ecosystems to create more monetization around customer usage whether that’s premium subscription pay-per-view or advertising models. And that’s really what we are concentrating on.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Mike. Thanks for everybody for joining Verizon this morning. We are absolutely off to a good start to the year. We stated coming out of the fourth quarter that we return to historical margin in wireless and we delivered on that. We also stated that we would continue to improve the profitability of our wireline business and we delivered on that. We had a good growth quarter. We had strong profits and strong cash flows. We look forward to a very positive 2015 and we look very hopeful and confident in our ability to execute on our strategy, grow the business profitably, and invest for the future. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
