Matthew Ellis: Thanks Simon and good morning. So on your first question around the $10 billion books, Lowell announced that last month, since then we have put a dedicated team against that and we are starting to get around that work. It's a little early to get into some of the specifics of the timing of when you should see that, but in terms of bucket that's going to come across. Really think about all of the all parts of the business are in focus here, whether that’s the network, whether that be distribution and care and even to obviously the shared service parts of our business and across the complete supply chain. We are going to take a deep look across the whole business and identify areas where we have the opportunities to significantly improve the efficiency on how we operate the business. As we get further into that program, we will share more specifics overtime both on where the savings are going to be realized from and also the expected timing, but I think we are off to a good start with it. In terms of your second question around Unlimited and the new price plans. I would tell you that between Unlimited and the Verizon 2.0 that we introduced last summer, we now have approximately two-thirds of the base on planned where they could control their over expense. And so that's up as you would expected from where we were a quarter ago and that's obviously a significant part of the base now has the ability to do that. The mix is as expected between the two plans, we are not going to go into the specifics of each of those. I would tell you though that in the third quarter what was - we saw as we expected the migration of existing customers from data bucket plans to Unlimited plans shifted to where on average they were stepping up in revenue from their bill prior. And as we expected, we knew that initially we would see optimizes who had the opportunity to move to Unlimited and save money, we saw that in this first quarter as we introduced those plans. In the second quarter, we continue to move through that by the end of the quarter essentially that was flat that customer’s migrated over. And then in the third quarter, we got to the point where the customers migrating over actually increasing and you saw the increase in [indiscernible] sequentially from 2Q to 3Q for the first time in three years. So we are seeing good progress there.
Matthew Ellis: You will see some impact in 2018, but it’s a cumulative number over those four years, but absolutely, we will see benefit in 2018.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, thanks John. So as you mentioned the upgrade rate in the third quarter was a little lower than we have seen in past years. I think what you are seeing there is difference in timing of some of the new devices coming out versus what we have historically seen. Obviously Apple is part of that with splitting the new devices between the eight, which came out in 3Q and the ten which comes out in 4Q. But also on the Android OS side of the house with having the new Google device coming out this month as well. I think you are going to see more of – we would expect to see a shift is some of the volumes versus typically from 3Q to 4Q. So look as we get into the holiday season some of those new devices come out, we think, we will see strong demand and look if you are paying a $1000 for a new handset you are going to walk not to be on a good network. So we are very confident that we will get more than our fair share of that activity when it comes through in the fourth quarter, but obviously, we will wait to see exactly how that plays out. In terms of the sequential revenue trends and as you highlighted, we were up in service revenue from 2Q to 3Q. That was in-line with our expectations as we discussed on the last call. As you start to see combination a number of factors. We have largely migrated the consumer base to unsubsidized pricing, it was 78% in 3Q, 75% in 2Q. So that transition is largely done and so you are no longer seeing as much of a headwind from the reduction in the line access fee. And as I mentioned, we are starting to see step up and migrate is over. In addition to that, we increased the number of accounts for the second quarter in a row, so you got the total volume in the business up as the rate we are getting from customers going up too. So as I said in the script, we expect to be inside of 4% on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, and as I have said previously, I expect that we will get to service revenue growth during 2018. In terms of your questions around margins, it's a little too soon to say where they will play out in the fourth quarter. Obviously as we are now on unsubsidized, we don't have the same subsidy headwind, but we will see what the environment is like in the fourth quarter competitively and we will respond as necessary. So we will see where that shakes out between now and the end of the year.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks Brett. Look I would say as I look at the churn number, we have always had a good churn number, it's obviously 0.75 continues to trend that we saw in the second quarter and really continues the trend since we saw mid February when we launched Unlimited. And as we said at the time, the key driver of launching Unlimited was to protect our pace of customer which we think is the best and most valuable set of customers in the industry. So look there is a number of things that go into that, but I would tell one of the biggest thesis is the network experience that Verizon customers have, they get to see that they understand the reality of our network experience versus some of the others and so we saw that with some of the recent natural disasters that customers on our network understands that when things really matter Verizon is a network they want to be on. So that continues to be key part of it and I believe we can continue to have very good churn without necessarily the bundle in other aspect into the core offering.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, I think look we have seen that since we launched Unlimited and we had a clear and comparable offer in the marketplace. We have demonstrated that our customers prefer being on Verizon rather than moving somewhere else and I have no reason to believe that will change in the fourth quarter as we go forward. So very confident that we will see that trend continue.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, so I will start with the second one there. So with respect to Lowell’s comment around content and potential deal for usage rights. I would say, we are continuing to work that particular transaction Lowell, when he made that common expected it would be done by now. Unfortunately it just taken a little longer to [indiscernible] fully expect to see something there as we move forward. In terms of the over the top, really nothing new to add versus what Lowell said last month. Look this is a space what we think there is an opportunity for us to play, we think that makes sense for us to play in that space, but we don’t want to launch just a me too type product. So we are continuing to look at what makes sense for us to launch something that’s differentiated in that space, probably around live programming, but how and when we launch something will be TBD. In terms of the, your questions around the M&A side. Obviously the revenue line, we brought Yahoo and you brought XO and those brought revenue on day one, when you close a transactions or same thing with the Telematics businesses as we closed in the back half of last year, but initially especially the Telematics businesses and Yahoo not significant. The EBITDA or EPS line maybe a little bit of pressure, the EPS line if anything about $0.04 on a year-to-date basis. And then they also bring depreciation and amortization, which is why there may not a huge amount of pressure at the EBITDA line, but as you move down the income statements of operating income and EPS, we see a little pressure this year. As we expand those businesses going forward we expect them to contribute in the future.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, thanks Mike. So look, as you think about the while this business going forward and obviously I’m going to talk specifically about our views on 2018 and so on. We will have those discussions when we get to January. But you think of the business overall, we are very confident with where seeing the growth start to migrate to we talked about the trends in service revenue, the fact that we should expect those to get back to positive during 2018 once we have worked through the transition fully from subsidized to unsubsidized pricing. We think it will continue from there, we will continue to add net adds to the business based of the quality of the network. And then the network will continue to expand the capabilities as we transition to 5G and we think that will give us other opportunities to expand the wireless business going forward. So we are very confident in the future trajectory of the business there and obviously as we think about three to five year view, the overall GDP is going to play into that. But as I think about 5G and what it’s going to do for the business going forward, and then as I think about the new businesses coming in, and contributing as we expand those and then continuing to work on the cost side of the business as Lowell described last month. I don't think that you're going to recognize the business five years from now versus where it is today.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, so there is a lot in that question Mike. So look fundamentally as you think about the wireline business you're thinking about really two assets there, you have got the legacy copper business which continues to have a secular declines across our set of customers, whether that the consumer, enterprise, small business whatever. And then you have the fiber side of that business where we see continued growth and demand. And that's just not within the [indiscernible] footprint, its more international sales. So if you think around we have had the Ultra-Long-Haul backbone for a number of years now, earlier this year we expanded that with the XO acquisition which added fiber metro rings in the 45 of the top 50 markets. We obviously have significant fiber in the Northeast corridors, we have been building Fios over the last 10 years. So you should expect to see the fiber side of the wireline business continue to grow and become more relevant and then as part of that you have got the convergence of the network between the fiber network and the wireless network as we [indiscernible] 4G and preposition for 5G. So as we go forward here we think that the combination of those networks is incredibly important.
Matthew Ellis: Absolutely. So we will have more specifics on that later in the quarter and we will get the right folks talking about that. But I can say the trials are going very well and we are getting a lot of good experience using the millimeter wave spectrum and some other things we are seeing whether it’s a fact that we can deliver service without needing line of sight, whether it’s think about MDUs and the number of floors we can deliver service to being more than we expected. We have experienced delivering service in MDUs above 20 floors, which is more than we thought it would be going into the trial. So a number of good things coming out of the trials, we will get back to all of you later in the quarter with more specific details on the results of the trials and what that means for 2018, but nothing has change about our intent to launch the fixed wireless broadband offering during the course of 2018.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, thanks Mike. So look on your first question. There is really nothing new here to us in terms of the trends we have been seeing over the past few years around whether it’s cord-cutting or [cord-nevers] (Ph) or whatever else. In fact, we have spoken in the past two or three years ago, we really started to speaking about this and the fact we said the traditional linear TV bundle is not long-term sustainable and you saw our reaction to that when we launched some of the different plans that we launched at that point in time. But so, we are not surprised by what we are seeing around the TV, but I would tell you what is important, when you move to over-the-top for your video entertainment, the quality of that broadband connection becomes more important than ever and if you want a quality broadband connection Fios and fiber to the home connection is the best option out there. And we continue to see strong numbers on the broadband side of the business as a result of that and we are very confident that the Fios Internet offering will continue to be very strong in the marketplace. As I think about the spread between the unsubsidized and the subsidized payments. Look, what you have here is you do have customers who were on subsidized pricing, get to the end of two-year contract and they then move to unsubsidized pricing and not necessarily getting there through upgrading to a new device and do a net on device payment plan. But that migration as we say is largely completely now have 78% of the base which meets virtually all of the consumer bases now on unsubsidized pricing. So as we go forward here the gap between the this year and the last year number will get narrower and narrower. And that's what is going to help drive the service revenue trajectory improvement as we go forward here.
Matthew Ellis: Certainly we had in both Huston and Florida, we have period of times when our stores were closed and certainly that’s an impact. But we also saw good volumes as soon as those stores reopened, customer realizing in times like that you want to be on the best network and so we saw an uptick as soon as those stores reopened. And I have to get credit to our teams, whether it be on the network side and all the things they did and also our teams in the distribution side of the business, getting those stores open incredibly quickly after those storms, they did a fantastic job.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, so I'll answer the spectrum question first. We believe that we have a great portfolio of spectrum. As you look at the 4G network only approximately 50% just over 50% of our spectrum portfolio server in that network today. We have got additional spectrum assets that will serve that network in 2018 whether that the [Refarm] (Ph) and 850 and PCS or whether it would be put in the AWS-3 to work. And additionally as you move into the 5G world, we look forward to closing the straight path transactions and the XO spectrum transaction as head into 2018. So we are comfortable with our spectrum positions. As we think about future auctions we will wait to see what is in there or make assessments at that time. but very comfortable with the portfolio we have today. And as obviously as we think about added capacity to the network we have more than spectrum as the tools available to us as we go forward, and we have talked about the different technology and architecture tools with LTE Advance and all the different pieces in there. We continue to be able to add capacity as we move to more software defined networking and those type of tools and in obviously densification. And that densification based of having more fiber available in the network. So to get to your first question, we continue to deploy fiber and we will continue to do that as we head into 2018 as you say I'm not going to talk to 2018 CapEx at this time, but you should expect to see us continue to be deploying fiber around the country as we go forward to service both wireless but also customers across the rest of our businesses and getting into IoT applications as well.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, good question, thank you Amir. So as I think about the CapEx for the year and where it’s coming in towards the lower end of the range. That’s still going to be around 17 billion of spend, so certainly not in significant number. Some of this is just a timing of the activity with the network teams between 2017 and 2018l. But look, I would tell you that the key thing here and you talk about has there been any shift in priorities and I would say absolutely not. The priority to continue to invest in the network whether that’s adding capacity for the networks today or pre-positioning the network and being at the leading edge of building the future network technologies, that priority is unchanged and as we had into 2018, you will see that we will continue to spend to continue to do exactly those things. So no major change there, as we head into 2018, more spending on fiber as we pre-position for 5G and continue to make sure we have the leading network.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So I think we were very proud to be part of that announcement with Qualcomm earlier this week and really what you are seeing there is as we have talked about now for the past two to three years. We said if we put our shoulder behind 5G development. We think, we can accelerate versus some of the timing of safety place. And in fact, there were some people who were saying they didn’t even think 5G was going to be real and if you be able to use millimeter wave spectrum. So we have demonstrated that by our effort so far, we have brought the ecosystem together, we have push forward the timing of standards coming forward and not surprised by any of that at all. It’s exact as we expected. In terms of the timing of mobile 5G, it’s certainly not a 2018 activity. But you talk about does it change our view on the types of services we will be able to offer, absolutely not. We have seen a wide range of services that we will be able to offer on 5G has - why we have been so excited about it, quite frankly and while we put our shoulder behind get in the ecosystem to move faster on this than they otherwise would have been and we look forward to being in position to offer those services in the years ahead.
Matthew Ellis: Yes so thanks Tim. So in terms of benefits from SDN and so on, let me show as you not just SDN but also network function, virtualization it does allow the value of some of the hardware you put in the network to change overtime, and how you operate network moves more to the underlying software there. So I think we will see those trends as we continue to expand the network. In terms of deployment of 5G, I think some of the people who are estimating those numbers are getting ahead of themselves and it’s just too early to tell. So as we have more visibility into the timing of spend around 5G we will share that with you, but it's way too early at this point and I'm not going to comment on those estimates.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, so as you think about the money, really wants to be generate those savings it becomes part of the overall pull. But I'm excited about the opportunities that the teams are developing to grow the business going forward and it's important that we make sure that we have the resources in the business to invest in those things. and we can't be investing in those things if we have inefficiencies in the core business to that point in time. So we just think it's a responsible thing to do to make sure that we constantly look at the efficiency of the business and look forward to generating those savings and discussing that more with you in the future.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks Mike. I would like to close the call with the few key points. We remain focused on our strategy to invest in our networks while expanding our high quality customer base and developing new platforms and solutions. We are well positioned to compete in the current environment while leading the industry into the next generation of technology with our strong network of assets. We are confident in our ability to execute our strategy and to generate long-term shareholder value. Finally before I close the call today, I want to personally thank Mike for this commitment and the support he has given to me and many others throughout his career of Verizon. And we wish him all the best in the future. We will also like to welcome Brady Connor to the IR team. I have known Brady for several years and he will be a great successor to Mike in addition to the IR team. Thank you for your time today.
