Lowell C. McAdam: Hey, good morning, John, and good morning, everyone. I understand there were lots of rumors about me announcing a big reorganization of the company, so I'm sorry to disappoint you. But I think we have some pretty exciting things to talk about here. First, on Yahoo synergy. Look, certainly as we went into the auction process, we had a very good idea of what the synergies could be. I think probably we were the only significant bidder that had synergies. So we have a good idea, and we've heard numbers bantered around that are in the ballpark. But my view on this, John, is we now enter a phase where post the auction diligence, which is certainly limited, we can go in and talk to management and see a much greater depth of information. And we'll validate our plans and make our decisions. So I think as we get closer to closing, which we expect will be either at the end of the year or early in the first quarter, we'll announce those numbers. But they're meaningful, let me just put it that way. On the – do we have the assets we need? Certainly yesterday when Marni [Walden] and Tim [Armstrong] did their public interviews, we're extremely excited about the assets that Yahoo has in the area of sports and finance and email and news. And you match those up with AOL, we've just made an exponential leap in capabilities here. But I'll give you the answer that I always give you, John, when we talk about capital. And you say, well, are you finally done expanding and are you going to reduce your capital? And my answer always is, I hope not. Because if we do, then we're standing still. And this is such a dynamic environment, we should be looking for additional things to meet customers' needs. And I fully expect that when Tim and Marissa [Mayer] put their heads together, we'll have a long list. And we'll be disciplined as we always are. And they'll be good investments that'll drive us to take a larger share of this growing market. So there's been a lot made of, oh, are we going to challenge Google and Facebook in this process? I just say, look, we plan on being a significant player here. The market is going to grow dramatically. We're a small player today relative to them. All we need to do is take more than our fair share of the growth of the market and this will be a success for us. And we certainly expect to do better than that.
Lowell C. McAdam: Okay. I'll – let me take the strategic question. And then Fran can talk a little bit more about the profit side. Mike, I think this is similar to my answer to John's question. We've got a perspective going into this, and we'll refine it as we go along. But if you take a look at the interest that we have received from AOL current partners as well as new partners, we think there's a huge opportunity in the following areas. First, in the sports area. As you know we've got relationships with a lot of the big leagues. Certainly NFL and NBA are the headliners for us. I've spoken with both Roger Goodell and Adam Silver in the last few weeks about this. And I think we're very excited. And I expect over the next few months you'll see more details about the plan of what we can do with their content, not only in season but out of season. And there are other sports leagues that we have the opportunity to work with. Some of other big names, I'm not going to tip our hand here just yet. But the networks and their sports channels see an opportunity to partner with us. They may already have NBA rights or NFL rights. And we can work on streaming their games, not only through the traditional channels of Fios, either Custom TV or the full bundles, but over AOL and Yahoo and then finally over go90. So we view this as a waterfall of content moving down through our different properties. The next one is Yahoo Finance. That's probably their strongest asset today. We'll learn more about that. But as you look at again some of the networks that have finance channels, and frankly some of the other folks that were bidding on this, we think there's an opportunity for us to work with them in partnership to realize some of their visions and some of our visions. And then certainly news, as you would expect, and the email platforms, we see ways that we can combine some of our assets and some of their assets, the TechCrunch, the Engadgets, the Huffington Post. And we can drive a lot of visits to the site. So I think the different for us is we have a lot of – us versus the Yahoo management – we have a lot of the relationships well-established, because of our Fios and our mobile assets. And we can combine them with their platforms and their leadership expertise to deliver a very good lineup here. So I think on the profitability side, Fran, I don't know. Any comments you have on that? But that's where we'll head from a strategic perspective, Mike.
Lowell C. McAdam: Okay, David. Thanks for your question. Let me go first on the spectrum side. And then Fran can cover the first part of your question about growth rates. Today, just to say it, about 50% of our spectrum is dedicated to 4G LTE. We still have some spectrum on 2G. We're refarming our CDMA spectrum as we go forward. And I expect that we've got plenty of headroom here. The point of my comments – and Boston is our good example there – is the farther we push fiber out into the network, the more small cell technology works for us. And the cost trade off that we expected prior to the last auction told us that we would be better off going with the small cells than we would paying the prices that were – that the spectrum was demanding. At the Super Bowl last year we went in and built out San Francisco and proved that thesis was correct. We were actually more conservative than we needed to be. The Boston effort that we've got underway now will further solidify that opinion. And then as we densify the network for 4G, it sets us up perfectly for deploying 5G with the millimeter wave technology. So we're extremely pleased that the FCC approved the XO lease arrangement yesterday, because now we have a clear field in front of us to not only densify with 4G, but use that same capital dollar to get the infrastructure in place for 5G. So we think we're in a very strong competitive position here.
Lowell C. McAdam: Okay. First on the cities, Jennifer. Well absolutely there's no boundary here on our Wireline footprint. Obviously, we have a stronger position in the Washington to Boston corridor. We can move to market more quickly. But we don't view that as a barrier at all. And in fact we are talking to other cities. And I mentioned San Francisco, because we made a huge deployment with the Super Bowl. And we're going to leverage that in our work with them. But there's no boundary. Now as far as cannibalization, there's an awful lot of dark fiber providers out there. And we've had a lot of discussions with them. And they're very happy to sell. And they've got very good footprints that get deep into some of these networks. As I mentioned, we've obviously just purchased XO, 40 metro fiber rings, which get us into a very strong position. And there's companies out there like XO. So we don't view any issue there. As far as FirstNet, under federal contracting rules we really can't comment about that while there's an RFP in process. So I'm sorry. I can't make any comment there.
Lowell C. McAdam: Okay. Brett, thanks. I think since we started with the original network reliability message back in 2000, those that weren't number one have constantly said networks don't matter. And customers have voted that networks do matter. And all you have to do is look at the churn. And I'd argue that if you need to sell your product at half of what Verizon sells theirs, that's proof alone that networks matter, if you have to take that sort of a haircut. I know it's shocking, but occasionally advertisements are out there that aren't completely truthful. But that's the world that we live in. As far as differentiation, as we say around the business, I think we've said this in other – I don't think it's made it to an ad yet, but, "Can you hear me now?" has really moved to, "Can you see me now?" And that's because we've moved away from voice being a channel and an application by itself on these networks to, it just rides the data stream. And so the throughputs, the latency, that's where the battleground shifts. And how we stay ahead is by densifying the 4G LTE network, but then driving very hard to 5G. Because we've seen this time and time again throughout the history of Verizon – and I'd argue throughout the history of Wireless – is if you build it, they'll come. And the more we build, the more speeds that we deliver, the more ubiquitous the network is, the customers just soak up that broadband capacity. Verizon has always been the one that is pushing the envelope here. And we continue to do that. So I hope everyone on the call sees that by aggressively moving to densification and then using that same infrastructure to build out 5G, Verizon is going to stay on the leading edge for the next decade.
Lowell C. McAdam: Yeah, good morning, Craig. So on the FCC Privacy NPRM – and I'd also apply this to the set top box side. We're not a big fan of regulation in general. We'd rather let the markets work. But if there's going to be regulation, then we think it ought to be for all the players in the ecosystem. And I know – and I've talked with Tom Wheeler. And I have great respect for what he's doing. He's only got so many tools in his toolbox to help set some of the standards here. But we're encouraging a broader action here that might involve the FTC or others, so that everyone in the ecosystem is treated the same. And I think that's our philosophy on set top box. That's our philosophy on privacy. Did it impact us on Yahoo? No, not particularly. We look at that as a standalone business. Certainly the regulatory environment always enters into your thinking. But we would do Yahoo regardless of however that NPRM turns out. And we think it's going to be a dynamic business for us going forward. So I hope that helps.
Lowell C. McAdam: So look, I think the items that I mentioned around the sports, finance, and news are really the big items there. If you look at Tim's numbers, he's in the hundreds of millions of users. Yahoo is well over a billion users. So you start putting those numbers together, and there's some significant reach here. I think every content provider – and I think it's fair to say whether you're an advocate for the 300 channel bundle or over-the-top, you realize that this is moving more and more toward digital distribution. And the partnership of AOL and Yahoo gives them the ability to reach those specific customers. If you look at our purchase of Complex, Complex has more visitors per month now than ESPN does in that male millennial. And AwesomenessTV has those same sort of numbers for female millennials. So it gives, whether you're thinking you're part of a large network, sports distribution or you're the actual league or you're trying to deliver finance or other news, being able to tap into that is a huge opportunity. The big advertisers have come to us, saying that they have more ads to place than they have good places to put them. And so you will hear from us over the next several months some partnerships and some agreements to place ads with us. And then the final probably obvious one to everyone, but we have 113.2 million mobile users. And people are accessing all of this content via their mobile device. And we'll be one of the few that can deliver advertising and content across the home, across the mobile device, and across the Internet. And we think that puts us in a very strong position.
Lowell C. McAdam: Okay. Thank you, Mike, and I'd also like to thank Fran for taking us through the results. And all of the analysts, I appreciate your questions. I wish we could have gotten to more, but Mike will be available throughout the day. I know we also have a lot of reporters on the phone, and Jim Gerace and our Public Relations team will be available to answer your questions. Both Fran and I will be out visiting with our large investors over the next several weeks. So we expect to be able to tell our story and answer more questions on a number of fronts here. I realize that it's been a long call today, and we've covered a lot of topics, both operationally and strategically. But given what we said last year about 2016 being a plateau for us on earnings and given the acquisitions that we've completed – obviously Yahoo the most significant now front of us – we thought it was good to give you this sort of an overview and update. Before we end I just want to make sure we have a few points that don't get lost. The team is very focused on delivering on our fundamental operational execution. We continue to be a leader in network quality and customer loyalty and in financial performance. On the strategic front obviously we're aggressively building new businesses with revenue and ecosystems that are expanding the industry and enhancing the revenue profile of the company. Certainly we don't kid ourselves about execution. We've been executing, bringing new businesses into the portfolio since we started this back in 1999. But just as we have in the past, we're determined to lead the next growth surge and create value for our shareholders. And hopefully after today you see that path as clearly as we do. So thank you all for covering Verizon and have a great day.
Francis J. Shammo: All right, great. Thanks, Simon. So on handset cycles, so two viewpoints here. One is obviously we saw a similar trend – maybe not this dramatic – in 2014 where we saw a slowdown in the first half of the year in anticipation of iconic phones that were coming up on a 2-year cycle. So I think some of it could be that. Unfortunately for us though, we have our first set of EIP customers coming up on their 2-year anniversary. And there's not enough volume yet of those customers to really get a behavior track, if you will, whether they're going to hold their phone and take a $20 to $25 discount on their bill or if they're just waiting for a new phone. So I think it's too early to tell. We'll have a better feel for this as we go into the second quarter (sic). And that's why in my prepared remarks, I said it's too early to reforecast. But as I've said consistently, I think our volumes will be similar to 2015. As far as the, how do we stimulate phone, smartphone growth? Look, I've been saying for over a year now that smartphone growth is going to continue to slow. And we have to look at other areas for that growth, obviously tablets being one. And we have a little bit of a headwind there. But if you look at the gross adds of tablet, we added over a million tablets this quarter. So we are having pressure in the churn metric for that free tablet promotion that we did 2 years ago. And we will continue to have that pressure throughout the rest of the year. But if you look at the momentum of hum and you look at the other adds that we did, these are the types of devices that we want to add to the account to increase our revenue overall. And if you look at the underlying ARPA, which is the installment and revenue per unit, that increased to 2.6% this quarter. So you can see the underlying revenue of our base is actually increasing. Unfortunately, you're not seeing it in the results, because the math of moving from the subsidized to the unsubsidized is declining that. The last comment I'll make here on this topic is service revenue. So you saw the 80 basis [point] improvement on service revenue. And as we've continued to say, once we crossed over that 50% mark, and now we're at 53% of the base on the unsubsidized pricing, we are starting to see that service revenue math take effect and that decline starting to reverse. So an 80 basis point this quarter. I continue to see that through the rest of the year we will improve. I will say that there won't be as much of an improvement in third quarter, because of the new pricing and some of the optimization. But we will see improvement. And I continue to see this trend going through the end of 2017, which I'm still confident that we will show accretion at the end of 2017. Finally, on the data center sales we are coming to an end of the process. And we will probably come to a definitive answer in the third quarter as to whether we're going to move forward or we're not. And so I'll hold comment for the third quarter for that.
Francis J. Shammo: Yeah, Mike. What I would say is everything that Lowell said. And we're looking at this as a portfolio of assets. And as I said during this whole process, look, Yahoo brings viewers, viewers brings advertising, advertising brings top line growth. So the first thing here is to scale, to drive that top line growth. We believe that with the combination of all these assets, we have a lot of revenue synergy upside. So the first will be to drive the top line. And then as Tim has shown, and along with the Yahoo team, we'll drive the profitability that's required to generate the cash flow that we forecast. So that's the top priority right now.
Francis J. Shammo: And, David, on the second part on the 2017 numbers. Yes, GDP revenue growth for 2017. And we've done a lot of work behind this obviously. What we've talked about around service revenue plays a big factor in this and the comps year over year. But we believe some of these other things start to – really start to generate some top-line revenue, like IoT, 25% year-over-year growth rate now. We see that accelerating. Tablets, we believe once we get through the churn headwind of the free promo, they will become a bigger contributing factor next year. So there's a lot of things that go into that. But we're pretty confident on that GDP growth. And then on the bottom line, all I've said – I've never again a percentage. But all I've said is a normal growth rate for Verizon. And what that means is exclude the last 2 prior years, where we bought Vodafone and got a 10% increment over our normal growth rate. And then of course the prior year, which was impacted by the EIP accounting. So that's all I've said. And we'll talk more about that when we get to the first quarter of next year.
Francis J. Shammo: And then, Phil, on second part on tablets. So absolutely we view as tablets as adding value. So traditionally you would say, well a tablet that's added to a Wireless account just gives you a minimal amount of access revenue. And that's far less than a smartphone. And all that is true. But if you look at the entire ecosystem that we're developing here, more people who have tablets, we know watch more video on a tablet. And if you think about what Lowell outlined on our whole video strategy, along with go90, AOL, Yahoo coming into the portfolio fold, we're trying to drive more usage into these devices. And we want those users to consume our content, which then ultimately drives advertising. So we're looking at the value of these instruments if you will more from a holistic standpoint. So yes. I mean today it's 11.4% of the base. I still believe that there is a huge growth opportunity here in the base with tablets and where technology is going. And that's going to generate not only access revenue on the Wireless side of the house, but it's also going to generate a lot of, if you will, media co type revenue for the future portfolio of digital advertising.
Francis J. Shammo: And then, Craig, on the Fios installation backlogs. Yes, obviously coming out of the – when we settled with the representative employees, there was a large backlog. I would tell you as we sit here right now today, that backlog is down to a normal. But I would say that in my prepared remarks I said we would get back to a normal growth in the third quarter. But I'll caveat that comment let's say that, look, during the strike we discontinued old advertising. And it takes about 60 days to 90 days to ramp that back up. So albeit the third quarter will be a more positive quarter for us, it probably won't be as much as a normal third quarter for us. So a little less than norm. And then we feel that we'll be back in stride by fourth quarter. So that kind of lays the land of how we think about Fios backlog and installation going forward.
Francis J. Shammo: And then, Tim, on the second part of this, I can honestly tell you that within the comments I made, there is actually nothing related to 5G as far as revenue goes. And the reason for that is, is because we looked at 2017 as a development year for 5G. By the time that we get the licenses – now we got a great ruling yesterday by the FCC on allowing us to use the leases. So that could accelerate some of that. But I will tell you to get to a commercial launch and actually start to generate revenue, I think that will come in either very late 2017 or early 2018. But there is nothing in the forecast right now based on the guidance I gave.
