Matthew Ellis: Thanks Brad. Good morning. So on CapEx you certainly see the benefit of our operational excellence activities we have been doing throughout the year. This really started a year ago when we reorganized the network organization and we are seeing the benefits of some changes and how we run that organization using new capacity utilization models, changes to our inventory management systems, adoption of procurement analytical tools and a whole host of other things. So this is activity that began last year. It is showing up this year. I will tell you we are getting everything done that we wanted to get done in 2018. We are just doing it more efficiently than we initially originally expected to. And I don't see - you used the word air pockets. I don't see an air pocket here. We have been pre-positioning the network for the transition from 4G to 5G for a number of years now. So we will get into obviously our views on 2019 and beyond when we talk again in January. But we've got everything done this year we expected to. And the team has done a great job of just doing it more efficiently so that will open up more opportunities for us as we go forward. On the ARPA side as you mentioned we've certainly seen some good increase this year and it's been largely coming from step-ups. We have been seeing an increase in connections per account. But as we get customers onto unlimited and they see the quality of the experience there and then they step up from one plan to another plan we have been seeing some good overall results in ARPA. I will tell you there is still a good amount of runway there as well. So excited with the momentum that we have in wireless at the moment and I think there is still some way to go with it.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Simon. So, yeah, as you say we're excited that we are now in the 5G era. I will add that we started doing installs earlier this month. And we've seen performance as we've expected since we started doing those installs. The technology works, our customers are getting the experience they expected and we are getting a lot of good learning which will benefit us next year when we roll-out the product to that much larger audience. 5G Home will become more significant as we expand coverage and we get on the global standards equipment in 2019. And I would expect that that would start to have an impact on consolidated revenues as we get into 2020 and beyond. And you mentioned self-installs. A big part of what we are learning in these four markets is that install process. So when we get to rolling out across a broader geography on the global standard next year, we will just have a level of learning about the customer experience that will differentiate us from everyone else.
Matthew Ellis: Yes, we are really dependent on the industry to develop it. We will be ready to deploy both on the network side and the customer side when the equipment is ready whether that be from the network OEMs or the customer equipment manufacturers. So sometime in 2019, we will push the industry to get there as quickly as possible and we will see how soon that happens.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, David. So on the voluntary separation program the way that I would suggest you think about it is - it's part of our overall business excellence initiative whether that be the adoption of the zero-based budgeting methodology, some of the other things that we have done. Really what we are looking at is while we are certainly glad to see the financial performance we have today and made good progress there what Hans and I are focused on is making sure that we are not just successful today but we can be successful into the future as well. And that we can take advantage of any opportunities that come along in the marketplace. So what this really is about is saying do we have the - if you were setting up our business from scratch today would you set it up the way it is? And there are significant process improvements that we have around us. And so the voluntary separation program is part of continuing to evolve and transform the way we do business to continue to improve the efficiencies across the business and we will be driving those changes over the course of the next 12 months. In terms of the size of the impact of it - it is too soon to tell. We are in the middle of the period where employees can choose to accept the offer. So in terms of the size of the initial charge that will come through in fourth quarter or the size of the benefits that we will start to get in 2019 it is too soon to say. When we have information on that we will certainly look to share it with everyone. But this is just part of the continued drive to transform the business, to make sure that we are successful in the long run and have the right cost base to be able to compete irrespective of how the industry develops. On the balance sheet, certainly glad to see the progress we've made this year. Strong cash flow certainly helped by tax reform, but also the operation of the business driving a lot of that benefit. So, you have seen the leverage come down from 2.6 times at the start of the year to 2.4 times now, and so glad to see that progress there. I'm not going to get into specifics about parameters about what we may or may not do around any type of acquisition whether that be spectrum or anything else. The key for us is making sure that we have a balance sheet that gives us the flexible structure to take advantage of whatever comes up. So if you kind of think across those two questions you had, we'll make sure we got the cost structure that we can take advantage of opportunities that come along. And then we've got the balance sheet flexibility to make sure we can take advantage of any opportunities that come along. And then we've got the balance sheet flexibility to make sure we can take advantage of any opportunities that come along. So we can be very adaptable no matter how the industry develops going forward and the opportunities that come up.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Phil. So, on wireline, yes, certainly expect to see the margins over the near term to be in that range we discussed on the last call around that 20% level. Would be a little above, a little below depending on the quarter. But certainly with the revenue trajectory in that business that will provide some pressure on that margin. So we are focused on continuing to address both the revenue trajectory and the cost side of the wireline business, but that's something we've been doing for a while and we'll keep working on it. As you talk about the impact of 606, and yeah, we still see about $0.27 to $0.31 of GAAP benefit this year. But when you back that out 3.1% EPS growth on an adjusted basis year-over-year and that's certainly what we are focused on doing. So as you think about next year, you really have to take this year's number back out the $0.27 to $0.31, put a growth rate on and then put around half-ish or so of this year's benefit in next year. And that will get you in around the right ballpark. But, net-net we are certainly focused on getting - showing growth at the EPS level and at the top line. But we just obviously got some noise from the accounting as we go over the next couple of years, and 606 flows its way all the way through our financials both for the current year and the prior year we are comparing to.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks John. Yeah on the 5G rollout certainly we were glad to see the FCC rules around the small cell adoption, doesn't necessarily increase the velocity that we see. Our teams have been engaged with municipalities across the country on getting permits to put up small cells whether for 4G or 5G. Certainly like the fact that they are providing a little more guidance for how quickly that should happen. But I don't see it having a material impact to our build out plans. We are going as fast as we can. And while the federal level rules are helpful it is still a very local activity municipality-by-municipality. So a lot of good work going on there. On Oath from a profitability standpoint certainly as we said in the comments revenue not progressing quite as fast as we'd like, but from an EBITDA standpoint the team's made good progress on their synergy targets coming out of the closing on Yahoo over a year ago. The integration is now largely complete. We think we will have that substantially complete by the end of the year. So the cost side of that business is being managed well, and we just need the revenue side of the business to achieve its potential too and then we will be happy with what we are doing in the Oath business.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So Craig when you look at the results we posted today, I'm not sure we have to say what it would take to get back to that level. I think you are seeing growth in the business year to date both at the top line and the bottom line. And it is driven by largely by what's going on in the wireless business. When you have the best network and when we get it paired up with the right consumer offerings as we have and our wireless consumers can take advantage of that network and the way they want to do so you see the results we have. We see customers step up and as I said earlier we have still got significant runway in terms of the ability for customers to step up. So like the number of increasing connections we had during the quarter increase in ARPA as well, and we very focused on continuing that momentum. There is a high level of stability in the core of our business. So that's driving top-line growth as we reported this morning. And then as we also manage the cost side I think we will continue to have the opportunity to post good results.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. So we continue to look for new pockets of demand out there. You know, b0ut this maturity comment we've talked about for a long time now but we posted smartphone net adds of 510,000 during the quarter. So we are continuing to add to our base of customers. There is still a significant opportunity to do that. We have the opportunity to get a number of our customers stepped up from their current price plans. They often come in on a bucketed data device and then over time they step-up into unlimited. And we now have options there for customers to step-up to different levels of unlimited plans too. So we still have runway here in terms of developing the wireless business in the 4G world. And then before we know it we will be talking about transitioning the largest base of wireless customers in the industry over to 5G devices too. So I am certainly comfortable that our wireless business will continue to grow as we go forward.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Mike. So as we think about the cost cutting certainly glad to see the progress the teams have made this year. And as they have gone in and started looking at the business in different ways we are seeing lots of different opportunities show up. And now we are in the phase of really executing against a number of those. So certainly glad the progress we have made. Is there the opportunity to get more than $10 billion cumulatively over four years? We will wait and see. I am not good to provide any change to that number at this point in time but certainly we are being as aggressive as we can and making sure we are running as efficient a business as we possibly can and that will continue. In terms of the cadence of those savings over the four year period nothing really to update. I think we are still in the first year. And as you can imagine as you start a program like this there is a lot of energy upfront just deciding the things you want to do identifying the opportunities deciding how you are going to go after them. And so you are not necessarily turning them into savings immediately. So I think we've still got some good opportunity ahead of us from a cadence standpoint.
Matthew Ellis: We continue to perform very well in that sector and it is built on years and years of strong partnerships, and we will be continuing to focus on that sector. Look, when you have large market share in many segments as we do, it provides opportunities for different people to decide to go attack them, whether it'd be in public sector with FirstNet or whether it'd be some of the things we've seen other competitors do over the past few years. I think we have been very effective at defending the market share that we have. It's based on building deep relationships with our customers, and builds on the reliability and the performance that they see on a consistent basis. So, we will continue to do that across all parts of our business, Jennifer, and it's really about just service execution. And when we do that on a consistent basis we typically win.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Jeff. On CapEx, so really as you say no surge level. We'll give guidance for 2019 when we get into the New Year. We will be spending on 5G. You may not see a change in intensity, but we are spending on 5G today. We will continue to spend on 5G just as quickly as we can. But as we've talked about in the past, 5G uses a lot of the assets we already have in place. As we've been densifying the 4G network over the past three, four years now, we've been doing it with an eye also to pre-positioning the network for 5G. And we are seeing the benefit of that. As you see us roll out 5G and get the network ready to deploy and not seeing a massive surge in CapEx, and we've been pretty consistent on that messaging, and I think it's starting to show up. So, look, I think you'll see CapEx stay within reasonable bounds of what you've seen from us in the past. And we will continue to take advantage of the efficiencies in the network whether that is through the Intelligent Edge Network design, which will create efficiencies. Whether it's across the other things we're doing on the business excellent side I spoke about earlier. We will continue to look for ways to build the network that we want to build to provide the best customer experiences, but doing it at the lowest possible capital intensity. So, obviously we will talk more about the plans for 2019 in 90 days or so, but feel pretty good about the activity we have in the network as we complete 2018. From a churn standpoint you are right. We've seen good performance over the past, the past couple of years. And as I have mentioned, when you get the combination of the best network, which we've obviously had for a long time and when you get the customer proposition right as well, you get great results whether that's on net adds or whether that's on the churn side of the equation. And we've seen that now for over a year on the churn side. So look there is additional players in the marketplace today obviously with using the MVNO agreements and some other things. So we may see just a few points tick up there, but we'll continue to have very strong churn performance as we look forward here and expect to do so.
Matthew Ellis: Yes. Thanks Mike. So on the phone gross adds and you mentioned the comp in 3Q. And as I'm sure everyone recalls 3Q last year was when we saw the first sequential revenue growth in about three years. So as we came into this quarter we knew we were lapping a good quarter from a year ago. So to see the performance in wireless this quarter is certainly something that we are pleased about the way that the organization has performed in the marketplace. When you think about the phone gross adds, as I said it's really the combination of the great network experience. And when we went on unlimited people were concerned what was going to happen with the network experience. And we talked at the time that the network team had tested prepped for moving to unlimited. And all we have seen since we have been on unlimited is our network performance continue to improve. And in fact as we sit here in the second half of 2018, I think we are continuing to see us widen the lead and set the standard for the rest of the industry. So, that's part of it. And then you get the right offer out there. So we launched unlimited. And since we launched unlimited we have added other flavors to it. We see customers enjoying that experience and expect them to continue to do so. In terms of the prepaid-to-postpaid migration the thing I point your attention to is within the third quarter in our prepaid business we had smartphone net adds of positive 15,000. So while there certainly is some level of migration from prepaid to postpaid it's not driving the 510,000 smartphone net adds that we recorded in the quarter. So we are very happy with the performance that we saw there. And again comes back to combining the right network experience and the right customer proposition and good things happen at that point. On the Fios video side I think just what we are seeing here is - is you touched on is it's the secular trend. Whether it be cord-cutting or cord-nevers that certainly continues. What I am pleased about on the Fios side of the business is we saw Internet net adds of 54,000. That says there is strong demand for broadband. And as we have said before if you're going to rely on OTT for your video entertainment you want to make sure you have got a great broadband experience. And whether that be Fios broadband or now for those customers who can get in-home broadband through 5G. We believe we have the best in-home experience out there for those customers who want to get their entertainment from an OTT fashion. So we will continue to see pressure on the TV numbers, but I would expect us to continue to grow the broadband side of our Fios franchise.
Matthew Ellis: Well it's certainly less connects coming in and we see more new customers come in as broadband only. We still see a number come in as triple play. And the churn side, I think is part of the equation too. But I would start off with its less gross adds coming in upfront and us seeing more customers - the mix of new customers as broadband only versus traditional triple play.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Walt. So on the prepaid side, while certainly postpaid is the bigger part of our wireless business, we want to give customers the opportunity to experience the Verizon network however they want to come on board. So we value our prepaid customers. We certainly look to focus our prepaid business on the parts of that business that add value. And not all part of the prepaid segment does, so you have seen us change our approach there. You should expect us to look for ways to provide offerings to customers across the full spectrum of customers, whether that be prepaid, postpaid, or whatever. And we will continue to evolve the offerings there. But as you say, prepaid is certainly a small part of our business, but it is an important part of our business. And we will continue to evolve and adapt the product offering there over time. I'm not going to speculate on any other - anyone else's customers or so on. That is not what we are focused on. We are focused on our offerings and we will continue to do so. In terms of the upgrade rate decline, and while there has certainly been some benefit there, I would say the bigger benefit to cash flow has come from just the operational performance of the business. Certainly the lower upgrade rate has helped. I don't see that changing anytime soon. Certainly as we get into the fourth quarter, we would expect to see seasonal uptick in the upgrade rate. But whether it will be at the same levels we saw in the last couple of years or whether we will see a slight year-over-year decline, it's too soon in the season to tell. Obviously, we are not one month into the fourth quarter and the heavy part of the fourth quarter activity is still ahead of us. In terms of there are new devices out there, as you know, and they have been performing about as we had expected. And whether that be - you mentioned the Apple devices. And also the Google Pixel is a great device, a new device out there, and we are seeing very strong demand for that as well. So we will see where the upgrade rate comes out for the quarter as a whole. But I don't see a major change from the trends we've seen over the past couple of years.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Matt. So, on Oath the team is focused on the right things. As I mentioned, they are driving demand in mobile and video offerings. And as I said, we have some great assets and talented people in there at this point. The business growth is not yet consistent with the quality of the assets of the people, but they are working hard and we believe they are going to get there. And that's what we are focused on, is supporting that team and the efforts they have. I would also point out the value that it's harder for people to see that came with the Oath business around some of the very strong technical skills, whether that'd be in data analytics, artificial intelligence, VR. And really taking those skills and deploying them across the totality of the Verizon business is providing significant value, too. On the Enterprise side, I would say no major change in the competitive intensity. We're certainly seeing businesses looking to do more, and change the connectivity profiles of their businesses, but we also are seeing pricing pressure in there as well. So what's going to determine our success there is if we continue to develop the products enterprises are looking for, not just for today, but for tomorrow. And as we continue to do that, that will be the determinant of our success in that space. The team is very focused on doing that. They've had a number of good wins this year. And if we keep on that trajectory, I think we have a chance to like where we will end up.
Matthew Ellis: Thanks, Brady. I'd like to close the call with a few key points. The 5G Era is here and we are positioning the Company for long-term growth by taking advantage of the full array of opportunities they have to offer. During the quarter, we again delivered solid financial and operational performance in a competitive marketplace. We remain confident in our strategy and priorities led by building the best networks creating platforms to further monetize data usage, maintaining a disciplined capital allocation model, and creating value for our customers and our shareholders. Thank you for your time today.
