Fran Shammo: Hi. Thanks, Phil, good morning. On the account growth, look, I think it was a number of things. I think the key to us right now is I would center around customer choice. We are giving our customers the choice to select what best fits them whether it’s the EDGE program or it’s the legacy adoption of a subsidy model. And as you can see from a service revenue growth performance, we are really centered around driving the attachment rate of devices generating more data on the individual network. So we’re attracting customers to our network based on its performance. You can tell from that a customer choice perspective, many of our customers selected to stay with the legacy subsidy model as, I as I said on my prepared remarks, our take rate was only 18% for the quarter. I know I said in the first quarter, I expected that to accelerate to 30% with the introduction of indirect channels and the competitive environment. But during the holiday season, we really stuck with our game of giving customers the choice of that Edge program, but we ran a lot of promotions around handsets related to Mother’s Day and Father’s Day. And I think that drove significant traffic to our stores. So from here, you should expect the same thing going into the third quarter that we will continue to address that marketplace. As far as our base goes, we saw great progress in our base by really reducing the churn. And as I said before, we were going to systematically address our base and take care of the customers who are coming out of contract and we felt that would churn to go somewhere else, we proactively went after those customers and made sure that they were satisfied with their pricing model and with their experience. And I think that proved to be the right model for us. I think we also addressed our basic to smartphone customer base by having a very good quarter, this quarter, of 1.4 million phones from basic phones up into the 4G smartphone category and also 3G to 4G smartphones. So when you consolidate all of this with the excellent tablet growth quarter we had – and again, I think tablets are extremely good for the industry, not just for Verizon. And from an industry perspective, I think everybody will see the same thing that says, these tablets are lower subsidy, they reduce churn in the account level. So we see that when someone has a tablet in the account, their churn is lower than the overall churn of a normal customer base. This device drives incremental revenue from an access standpoint. But more importantly, I think, and I’ll give you a data point here, these 4G tablets drive more usage on the network than a 3G smartphone. So when you consolidate that into an account level pricing arrangement, customers buy up because they’re using more data. So this is all good. And then of course, as we mentioned in the beginning from a service revenue perspective and account growth, machine-to-machine is becoming at a more important role there. So I’ll stop there, I’m sure we’ll have more questions around Wireless. From a Wireline perspective, I guess I would put it this way. FiOS continues to be the driver of the Wireline revenue growth, continue to center around our pricing actions on the FiOS platform, continue to innovate and move people into our Quantum Broadband which provides an incremental increase to us. We launched our –
Fran Shammo: Okay. Thanks, Michael. So on the phone and net adds, obviously, again, as I said, we came out strong during the marketing periods of Mother’s Day and Father’s Day and normally, the second quarter is only better than the first quarter. I think that through this year of obviously for the back half of this year, we’re going to have several dynamic devices come to market that will certainly fuel for the industry, a lot of opportunity for growth here. So I think from our perspective, we’ll stay to our game plan. I’m not going to predict at this point what net adds will be from our phone net add for the third quarter that has a lot around that the competitive environment and customer base, but I would anticipate that you’ll see strong performance from Verizon Wireless. As far as our other strategic areas, so Verizon Digital Media Services launched their commercial service this year. We have a number of customers who are under contract and we’re actually starting to generate revenue all from that platform. It’s early stages here. There’s a lot of opportunity within that platform and we will continue to move on that strategy. As far as Telematics goes, this goes into our machine-to-machine category. And as I said in my prepared remarks here, I will tell you, this was one of the highest connection quarters we had from a machine-to-machine on a companywide basis which would include Verizon Wireless, Hughes Telematics and some of our enterprise customers. And that fueled that 50% year-over-year growth. So machine-to-machine continues to be a critical component. I would also tell you, if you have a chance to visit one of our destination stores with Verizon Wireless, you immediately walk in a store and you can visually see all of the technology around gaming and music and fitness that can be connected to our network. And these things are being sold quite substantially on a quarterly basis through our Verizon Wireless distribution stores. So again, this is a very important category, I think, not only for us but for the industry. And as we’ve continually said, we believe that machine-to-machine will be a future growth engine for us for years to come and that is consistent with our strategy.Michael Rollins – Citi Investment Research: Thank you.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Simon. So in a cash flow, yes. I mean, obviously, we have a significant strong cash flow here. And obviously, we said that at the onset of acquiring Verizon Wireless that we will get 100% ownership of those cash flows. As I said at the beginning of this year, look, the strategy right now for us is to build cash on the balance sheet to prepare for the AWS-3 auction that’s coming in November and that’s the strategic initiative we had moving into this year. So we have gross debt at about the same level. Now, that’s been came down from a high of $114 billion when we closed the Vodafone transaction, that’s at $110 billion. But you see us accumulating that cash on the balance sheet to prepare for the auction. As far as the overall refinancing of long-term debt here, you’ve seen us to be very proactive in a marketplace taking the opportunity of the low interest rate market, repositioning the debt that we borrowed at the close and repositioning our towers. So we’re strategically trying to push up the long-term debt longer at a more fixed lower rate than we had. And we will continue to work those towers into the future. I really won’t talk about our future plans at this point. It would be inappropriate to do that. As far as bonus depreciation goes, look, I’m optimistic but I’m not because here we sit in July, there’s not much activity moving around us. There’s many things that the government has to deal with including the highway build that’s pertinent to us because of pensions moving that’s included in that bill. There’s also the Internet Freedom Act that has to get passed or else consumers are going to be detrimented here at the end of this year. And then of course, we have the overall tax reform in bonus depreciation. So look, I think, we’ll have to wait to see, but as the year runs out, bonus depreciation becomes less and less impactful. So we’re hopeful that the government will do the right thing here to stimulate the economy and investment around this but it’s hard for me to predict that. So at this point, we’re not counting on any decrease in our federal tax payments because of bonus depreciation. And as I said at the beginning of the year, this was about $1 billion of incremental tax impact to us by not having that Bonus Depreciation. As far as dividend policy goes, look, I think we’ve both Lowell and I have reiterate that we understand the dividend policy is important. Our Board of Directors understand the dividend policy is important but it is a Board of Director decision, so I can’t sit here today and tell you what that policy will be. But we do understand it’s important and I think we’ve reflected our board has been very aggressive in our dividend policy over the last seven years and so I think that should set the stage for the future.
Fran Shammo: Good. Thanks, David. So as long – look, on the service margin, I think here’s the way I would answer this is that we produced a 50.3% margin on extremely high volume growth under a subsidy model and I think that’s the key for this quarter. So we really didn’t get much benefit from the Edge program because the take rate was only 18%. We said that the billings around Edge were $180 million, so you can do the backwards math there. But if you look at the actual EBITDA impact of Edge I said was similar to the first quarter. As far as the pricing refresh that we did in the first quarter to respond to the competitive environment, again, there is some impact there from dilution on customers that are moving and that we are as I said addressing from a churn perspective. But this is all good for us because we maintain those customers on an appropriate plan. They stay with Verizon Wireless. They’re adding tablets. They’re increasing their ARPU again. So the way I would venture to say on this one without getting to too much math on service revenue pricing and so forth, if you take the $180 million and add that to the ARPA, I think you’d come out with a number that’s significantly higher than the 4.7% from a recurring revenue standpoint if you will. So I think from a 50.3% quarter based on the growth that we had on a subsidy model, I think it’s just an outstanding quarter for us from an overall profitability on Verizon Wireless. So I’ll stand on that one and leave it at that. As far as content goes, look, I think we’ve demonstrated through our NFL agreement, some of our IndyCar agreement and some other agreements that we have around some sporting networks, that we will continue to search for those opportunities that make content available to our wireless customers without a linear TV or satellite TV subscription. And I think that’s important for the wireless user as we see more and more of the younger generation are cutting the quarter in their home and want their content either via or the internet or wireless, that’s the strategy that we hold. If you’re asking me, do we need to own the content? We continue to position ourselves but we believe we do not need to own content to be successful in this ecosystem, but we just need to get the rights for that content. We understand that content providers want to be paid for those rights and as long as that’s a worker commercial model for us then we will continue on that strategy. I’d also highlight that one of the big things here that’s coming to market is of course Multicast which will really enhance the experience for our customers around watching video and also extremely efficient for the wireless industry to provide that video through their network without consuming a lot of spectrum and a lot of capacity. So we will start to embed chips in our handsets here, the back half for this year. The network will be ready by the end of the third quarter to actually launch Multicast. We won’t go commercial with that until ‘15, but the network will be ready and it’s a matter of getting the handsets in customers’ hands and then obviously getting the content which we demonstrated with the Super Bowl this past January. For those types of the events that we think will be very, very really consumed by the consumer on real time live type events. So more to come around the whole video strategy of Wireless but I think the breakthrough point here will be once Multicast technology is up and running and launched.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, John. So first, on the 10 gigabit plan, we don’t disclose where our customers sit within the bands. But what I will tell you is it that we have quarter-to-quarter over the last three quarters seen an increased in the amount of customers taking the 10 gigabit plan and pricing up. So we watched on a quarterly basis the number of customers that buy down in data bundles and buy up in data bundles and that over the last several quarters we’ve had a significant net positive in buying up in data bundles. So from that perspective the takeaway will be is that we continue to see an increase in customers buying up in their data bundles and that includes the 10 gigabit plan. As far as the Wireline margin, look, we’ve said from the beginning of this year, Lowell and I were very opportunistic on increasing the Wireline margin. Now some of this is seasonality. Second quarter is always good. Third quarter tends to have some seasonality into it. But look, overall I think you should see that we are moving the Wireline business in the right direction from a profitability standpoint. And there are a lot of things that we still need to work on obviously. As I’ve said FiOS is the big driver on the top line, copper migration continues to be an important strategic initiative for us. But I don’t want to down plate the fact that our VLSS, we’ve been at this for two years and we’re now starting to see the benefits of a lot of these projects around efficiencies and cost cutting starting to come through. So again, that is part of this, you should see us improve our productivity especially around the new Quantum TV where we can put a media server into the home and start to get some real efficiencies in the install process and we think that will happen entering in 2015. So again, I think that’s part of it. The other thing too is this that we can’t lose side of the fact that we continue to look at this portfolio and as I’ve said in my prepared remarks we did divest of a branch of our public sector business which was about $600 million of revenue that last year. You will see the impact of that going into the third quarter. So we will lose that revenue in third quarter, so that’s going to show up in our public sector business. But from an overall margin standpoint, that’s going to help the profitability of this company. And this is again looking at non-strategic businesses that are what I would say is not our niche in the business and we need to divest to them. And Lowell and I continue to look at things that we can divest of that are best for overall shareholder value. And we will continue with that.
Fran Shammo: Okay, let me start with the MDU side. So from an MDU perspective, look, these continues to be one of our strong penetration gains. And as I’ve said before, New York City is still our lowest penetrated market but it is our highest year-over-year gain. And a lot of this has to do with MDUs. But this is a – it’s a challenging business because the average tenant of an MDU in New York, I think the last time I looked was eight months. So these units change and of course the strategy, part of the strategy is to accumulate the new residence coming in to continue to use the FiOS demand. But obviously within this younger generation, a year ago, we tested the ability to have them select whether they wanted large TV bundles and lower Internet speeds or high Internet speeds and lower TV bundles. And what we saw is the majority of this said does this segment selected the highest speed that they could get and didn’t really care about how many TV stations they got because most of them are consuming their video via Internet. Again, this is just another position for us of why we’ve gone the symmetry within our broadband offers. We just launched that this week, so you will see that heading the consumer market which symmetry on all of our broadband offers. We launched it six months ago in our small business segment, so this is again another strategy which we think is important for that generation who really wants the highest speed that they can get and they want the symmetry in that speed. So that will continue to be an overall concentration for us. As far as the handsets and all, look, I think that you can probably do the backwards map here and we said that we added 2.3 million 4G, LTE phones overall. We’ve said that we had million 4G smartphones net adds for the quarter. So with the 304,000 net number the majority of those losses were basic phones and then the rest were made with 3G. So again, you can see that the basic phone category or I would consider this to lower end phone category continues to be the category that we lose but I will say that we made substantial improvement from what we saw on the first quarter with all the pricing actions, the retention tools that we put in place and some of the new pricing tools that we put in place. Overall, I think we significantly improved and that came through on the operating results of Verizon Wireless.
Fran Shammo: I think I would put it this way. What I saw was in our store channel, it was pretty much relatively flat. The increase came through the indirect channel when we launched that. Right now I would say that I think one important piece of information here as well is that on the front line our sales representatives make the same compensation whether they sell on Edge plan or a legacy subsidy model. There was no difference in their compensations. So again, this comes down to the important ingredient that this is truly a customer choice. The rep shows them both models and the customer chooses. So as far as going forward, look, I think that we are on pace to be somewhere between this 18% to 20% but again, when you think about all of the new phones that are coming in the back half of the year through the indirect channel, this could escalate a bit on us. The competitive environment has a lot to do with this. But right now under current course and current environment, I think that the 18% to 20% is really where we sit.
Fran Shammo: Yes. So I think Kevin as I’ve said at the beginning, I think you have to do a little of backwards math here because the Edge plan if you take that 180 million billing number that I gave you and you look at ARPA, I think what you’ll see is if you calculate back in the returning monthly and equipment revenue which in essence would have been service revenue, I think your percentage increase would be relatively flat with the first quarter and some past quarters. So, again I think that the service revenue impact and the ARPA impact is really Edge-related. Now, there is some of course service pricing discounts in there and we are moving as we said proactively some of our customers who are out of contract and we think that they have a high propensity to churn. We are proactively moving them to the Edge pricing. But we’re doing this very, very systematically. And so there will be a little bit of pressure there, but I think if you do that backwards math that I gave you, I think you’ll get to the true numbers of what the ARPA growth would have been with this recurring equipment revenue in it.
Fran Shammo: Well I think the way you want to think about this is it is an auction. So I’m not going to talk about how we think we’re going to pay for that auction because I’m not going to give anybody information of how much I’m willing to spend for the auction. So I think we’ll just wait there. As I said, the strategy is to build cash, prepare for the auction and we’ll execute accordingly. So more to come on that in the latter back of the year.
Fran Shammo: Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. So on the 4%, look, being the CFO, we generally are conservative. So I’ll stick to the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year which was top line growth of 4% plus, so I’ll stick to that. As far as the balance sheet goes, if you look at our balance sheet, the change in the AR is directly related to the Edge program, so you can look at that change and pretty much come to your answer.
Fran Shammo: Yes. So thanks, Jennifer. So look – I mean we are focused on AWS-3 auction and the reason we’re focused on that is it will start November 13th, deposits will be required. We actually know exactly what the rules are. The procedures for that auction will be announced sometime in the next coming weeks. So that’s really the focal point for us. As far as the broadcast spectrum goes, look, currently there are no final adoptive rules on this. So it’s hard for us to sit here and make a comment on something that has not been finalized. So I think that would be premature for us. I know what others have done, but look we are focused on AWS. We’ll get through that. We’ll see what the broadcast spectrum final rules are and then you’ll hear more from us when that happens. But at this point, I’m not going to make anymore comments around the broadcast.
Fran Shammo: Thanks, Mike. Just a couple of quick closing comments. So look we had an extremely strong first half of 2014 in terms of our buy-in growth and financial performance. Importantly, we closed the Vodafone transaction and now have sole ownership of the Wireless asset. To the first half of this year, we have exceeded our revenue growth targets and delivered strong earnings growth. We have great momentum heading into the second half and we are competing well in all of our key strategic areas. Our cash generation is very strong and we have great confidence in our ability to execute on our strategy and grow this business profitably while making the necessary capital investments to position us for the future. We are excited about our growth opportunities and we will continue to invest, innovate and deliver for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. Thank you so much for joining us today and have a great day.
