Michael Stefanski: Thanks, David. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. This is Mike Stefanski and I’m here with Fran Shammo, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder our earnings release, financial and operating information, the investor quarterly and the presentation slides are available on our Investor Relations website. Replays and a transcript of this call will also be made available on our website. Before we get started, I would like to draw your attention to our Safe Harbor statement on slide 2. Information in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Verizon’s filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials we’ve posted to our website. The quarterly growth rates disclosed in this presentation are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted as sequential.  In terms of our financial results, I’ll point out that there were no special items included in our reported earnings for the third quarter of 2014. Earnings per share of $0.89 compares with adjusted earnings of $0.77 per share in the third quarter of last year, an increase of 15.6%. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted earnings per share of $2.65 were up 21.6%. Keep in mind that the $2.65 per share a year-to-date result in 2014 does not reflect full ownership of Verizon Wireless from the beginning of the year since the transaction close on February 21. As previously noted full ownership from January 01, to the date of closing would have represented an additional $0.07 of earnings per share in the first quarter. For purposes of comparability in the Wireline segment, the historical results of the business within the public sector that we sold on July 01 have been reclassified for all periods prior to the sale. These results, which previously were part of global enterprise, have been moved to corporate and other, consistent with how we’ve dealt with divested operations in the past. You can access this reclassified historical information on our website.  With that I’ll now turn the call over to Fran.
Michael Stefanski: Thank you, Fran. Before taking questions I would like to remind everyone that we filed an application to participate in the AWS-3 spectrum auction. As a result due to the FCC’s rules, we cannot answer any questions related to the auction or AWS-3 spectrum. David we are now ready to take questions. 
Michael Stefanski: Alright, thank you but before we end the call I’d like to turn the call back to Fran for few closing remarks.
Fran Shammo: Okay, great. Thanks David. So look on the competitive front. I think that the takeaway here is just that we provide an extremely strong quarter from growth perspective and I anticipate you’re going to see that across the industry. If you look at as I said we see a shift from prepaid to postpaid not necessarily within our base because of high quality and strict requirements we have from a credit perspective. But there is still a lot of growth out there. If you look at just the industry itself I mean you take tablets, you take the video consumption, you look at machine-to-machine and internet of things, I mean all these things are contributing to our growth. If you look at machine-to-machine for us it’s the first time we gave you a revenue number and that’s growing to 40% year-over-year. So it’s more than just about a smartphone customer as I said before if I could I would stop disclosing net adds, it’s all about how we build the base of revenue and how we continue to grow this business into the future. If you look at the competitive front, there was a lot of movement but it was not unexpected I mean as you go into the fourth quarter, this is normally a very high competitive quarter, it’s a very high volume quarter for ourselves from a holiday perspective but I think if you look at us as we’ve done in the past we look at what the competition is doing, we take a very rational and logical approach to what we’re going to respond to? If you looked at what we did, we responded with some Edge pricing on a promotional basis that quite honestly puts us back into the market given all the moves we were slightly out of the market like if you saw it back in the first quarter of this year we did similar things and we continue to grow and we continue to produce the profitability that’s expected of our shareholders. So, I think the response you’ve seen is a logical rational response, there will be upcoming promotions I’m sure from everyone as the holiday season gets closer and we have our own plans in place to execute on. So I think from a fourth quarter perspective, you should expect high volume, you should expect from us that our upgrade rate will increase, we have the highest backlog of any previous launch of an iPhone that we have coming into the fourth quarter, which is a high backlog of both new customers and also for upgrades. So I know that our upgrade rate is going to be fairly significant in the fourth quarter as we said on the call here 3.1 million, 2012 3G iPhone customers are waiting to upgrade now as they come out of contracts so that’s a great perspective and that leads me into your second question. So if you think about some of the data points we have given you from a 3G smartphone customer to a 4G smartphone customer, the first time we’ve told you that within our MORE Everything plan which is for the majority 4G smartphone customers. Their usage pattern is going up 50% year-over-year. If you look at tablets, a tablet customer uses more than the 3G smartphone customer. So if you start taking together with the volume increases and other industries have put out what the usage pattern of video customers are on a 4G LTE network, video is a huge consumption for us and it continues to increase quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year and that’s driving that 50% increase in usage in our 4G base. So when you combine all of that, every time we can move a customer from a 3G smartphone or a basic phone into our 4G portfolio, their usage and revenue goes up. So it’s a great combination for us. And I’ll end the question that says, again we’re focused on the quality of our base and the quality of our adds to generate our growth.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Phil. On the prepaid customer move to postpaid look I mean, we’re just looking at the overall industry and where prepaid growth is from a year ago to where it is today and the assumption is that we do we see the prepaid customer moving. If you look at the entry prices now that are on postpaid and this is really around single line not multifamily. But if you look at single line pricing, those price points are pretty darn close to what a prepaid customer would pay on prepaid. So the hurdle is there is a credit check and obviously for Verizon we’ve not changed our credit profile for any of our customers it’s same as it has been for over a year now even when Edge was introduced. So, again it’s not as favorable to us it was more of where are these customers going and we think they are going to a lower end type entry point which is not unusual. I mean the same thing happened back in the Voice world when Voice became closer to what the prepaid were. So, from a device perspective some is on device but others are also buying up into device.  As far as the asset sales go, look I’ve nothing to announce today. We said publically that we certainly would entertain a sale of our towers if the terms and conditions were right. And at this point, we don’t have anything there. And as Lowell and I’ve always said, we continue to look at our portfolio for opportunities but it has to be at the right time, the right place, and the right price and so therefore there is really nothing to talk further because there is nothing to announce.
Fran Shammo: So look, there is a bunch of factors entering into the fourth quarter here. As I said, we do think that the Edge rate will take an uptick and you’ve probably seen us increasing our advertising around the price points of Edge which is where the rest of the industry has been and advertising around. So we need to be in market with those price points which is why we launched the promotional pricing that you saw. But if you look at the 12% this quarter or the 18% last quarter, you can kind of get a flavor on what the impact is to our bottom line, which is 120 basis points this quarter. I think it was 134 basis points last quarter. So beyond that I am not going to give any further information on that, but if you think about the Edge take rate at the double then you can kind of extrapolate what that math would be, but then offsetting that will be the upgrades. And at this point, I don’t know where the upgrade will come whether it will be Edge or onto the old subsidy model. Again, we’re very focused on customer choice, we give our customers the choice of the subsidized handset with the higher service pricing or we give them the edge which they pay for the phone over the term, but it gives them the availability to upgrade sooner. So it is the customer choice and it’s hard for me to identify what that will be. But as I said, Brett, we have a very high volume of backlog on the iPhone. We have a bunch of new phones coming out in the fourth quarter from other manufacturers that are extremely good. So I think we’ll have a great lineup of products. It’s going to be a high volume, highly competitive time of the year and beyond that I’m not going to give any specific guidance to margins but it will certainly be based on those volumes and how those customers come in.
Fran Shammo: So on CapEx, we said we’d be around $17 billion. As we’ve said that coming into this year, we were determined to improve our CapEx to revenue ratio and I believe we will do that on a year-over-year basis. This year we had a much more flatness to our CapEx spending, so if you look at prior year we’ve always had more of a ramp into the back half of the year. You won’t see that this year, so it’s become more level and I do anticipate that we’ll be able to continue to improve on our CapEx-to-revenue ratio. As far as whole dollars go, we set around the $17 billion mark and I’ll give you some more guidance in January, but I don’t anticipate that that will change pretty materially going into the next year. So again, the focus will be to continue to increase that CapEx-to-revenue ratio.  And then on the Wireline side, first let’s talk about the consumer small business area, so we did have an inflexion point this quarter where we did suffer a 4.1% decline in the small business and some of that was due a year-over-year comparison but some of that due to some onetime things and I think that will come back in line here in the fourth quarter. But we did have a very good strong FiOS quarter at 4.5%. The other thing I would say around FiOS is, if you look at the components of content and our revenue per customer, our revenue per customer is growing nicely and is actually outpacing the cost of content. And this year, if you look at our content cost, we’re around that 2% to 4% growth rate in content. So from a competitive standpoint that’s an advantage for us to drop more margins to the bottom on our consumer piece and if you look at FiOS, FiOS continues to contribute more and more net income quarter-over-quarter, so that’s a positive. On the Enterprise side, look I think that I feel like I record this every quarter and it does not change. I really don’t see much change in the Enterprise spectrum. If you look at the European market and it’s softening for us and also with the FX impact to some of that softness of where the dollar is. So I think where we have a lot of headwinds right now in Enterprise and I will honestly tell you I don’t see that changing for at least the next couple of quarters at this point in time.
Fran Shammo: Yeah, thanks Michael. So look, I am not going to give you specific how the revenue increases. I mean you can see that in our ARPA which is growing nicely if you see the sequential improvement in ARPA this quarter. From last quarter it grew to a 161 from 159. So if you look at year-over-year we are up 3.5%. So I think that metrics speaks for itself as how we are monetizing the increased usage. But if you think about this the 4G LTE network is three to four times more efficient than prior network. So I guess I look at it this way, if you back in time and you go back to the voice world. And you go from the beginning of time to where that voice world matured. What happened was the price per minute decreased and usage increased, and the overall industry increased its revenue because of that increase in usage. And I, kind of, look at the data world in the same perspective. You are going to see the price per megabit decreased but the usage is going to outpace that. And at least our Tier pricing structure and the MORE Everything planned. Each time you upgrade you are going to incrementally pay a little bit more for what you use. And that’s really what’s favoring in on the revenue growth. But it’s also coming over very efficient network that does not cost incrementally to produce that increased usage.  So it’s a good combination to have in efficient network with an ever increasing consumption rate. So I do anticipate that the structure works. I think it’s going to grow, as long as we increase the data bundle usage on a competitive standard basis. I still think though with the increasing usage as we said 50% year-over-year you are still going to see a healthy growth in the revenue on an ARPA basis. So think the combination works. But you will see that megabit or price per megabit decrease with the continued increase in consumption. 
Fran Shammo: Sure, thanks. So on the service revenue side, look there is a lot of puts and pushes here from a service revenue perspective. So if you go back I mean obviously we had a price change in the first quarter which is working its way through the system as we said before we were not going to reprice our base in one lump sum. We would work on that and address those customers that were a high churn profile, and treat them accordingly which we have done for many many years and we continue to do that. And that puts a pressure on service revenue as we get them into the price plan that’s going to keep them on our network.  In addition, Edge has an impact here because you are moving service revenue into equipment revenue when we gave you those numbers in the upfront comments of how you should think about that. But that improves the -- if you take those recurring monthly billings on equipment revenue and put them back into the revenue stream that increases the rate of percentage increase that we have and also increases the service revenue growth year-over-year. But look there is some deceleration here as Michael brought up on the last one. As we continue to increase the bundles, this is going to take a little bit of time before people have to take the next step up. But I will tell you this quarter with our NFL agreement and the amount of video consumption we are having. We had one of the best quarters ever of customers stepping up for the next bucket.  So, again I think all these things factor into it, but Edge will definitely have a deceleration factor on the service revenue. As far as the soft card SIM card with Apple. We have our own SIM card that we are putting in the devices both in our indirect channels and our store channel. So that’s really all that is to be said on that issue. 
Fran Shammo: Okay, thanks Mike. So look on the enterprise space, I think there is a couple of things here. I mean you do have the Tech Refresh and obviously as they come off legacy and going into IP. I mean the IP has a lower price point. And then also as I said in my opening remarks this IP market is becoming more and more competitive from a pricing perspective. So as what we’re faced with as we have major customers who are renewing coming off 3 and 5 year contracts. Obviously, they’re being reprised back into where the IP market is today which is pretty significantly lower than it was 3 to 5 years ago. So, you’re having that pricing pressure happen there we’re gaining new business but again it’s coming in at a lower rate and we still have that decline of voice and LB that’s going away and it just can’t offset it. From a strategic services perspective, we’re seeing some good things here we’re also seeing some improvement in the federal space but as you know in this business when you start to improve it could take 6 to 8 months before that revenue comes to be as you implement this new technology.  So there is some glimmer of hope here as the federal government starts to purchase more but we’re probably not going to see any of that until ‘15 but then again that we’re working against the bunch of headwinds as far as repricing on the IP in the tech refresh. As far as cable and what’s happening in the small business, look I mean, as I said in the previous quarters where we have FiOS and compete in the small business market we’re gaining share. We’re losing share outside of that FiOS footprint in the old copper and I’m not going to be able to compete there with the speed. So that is something that we’re just going to continue to see here into the future around that copper plant. But within FiOS we continue to gain share, we expand where we can to capture more small businesses in that footprint and we capitalize on that but we’ve to remember it’s only in 13 states.
Fran Shammo: Well, when they say that they are moving up my perception of this as we’ve look at small medium business and then even in the medium business we capture medium business as anyone that has a 1,000 or less employees so it’s a pretty different definition of where they’re seeing they’re moving up from versus where we are playing. And again within our enterprise business we’re really focused on the major large enterprise customers and we really deal with that small business which is what we classify as 20 and below employees within our FiOS arena.  So it is a different spectrum of definition but look they are increasing their capability, they’re having success in that what I would consider small business arena maybe the lower and mid business level but they’ll continue to do what they do and we’ll continue to do what we do.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Kevin. So, it is what I’ll say because I’m not going to give any guidance of where I think our debt will be in ’15 at this point but today where we stand is as you see where we’re at net debt of $102 billion with our gross debt at $109.2 billion, we have a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.3 and the gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5. I’ll reference you back to S&P report that came out like maybe a month ago on some projections around what they thought, we would spend in the future for auctions and also how much debt that they think that we would pay down and report was extremely optimistic and said that they could see us being upgraded within the 12 to 24 month period of time as things continue. So, I think we are right on track with where we said we would be when we close on the Vodafone deal I said that, we wanted to get back to A minus rating within 4 to 5 years, the S&P report shows that, that could be accelerated based on our performance here. We are generating strong cash flow and what I would tell you is we’re in a great position to execute on the strategic initiative that we need to execute on but we’ll have more to say on this as we close out this year and come to our call in January.
Fran Shammo: Yes, so I will guidance next call on where we think FiOS growth rate will be but here is what I’ll say is, last year we did our price increases in the fourth quarter we’re doing that again this year to be ready to absorb the content cost that always happen on January 01, so that’s something that you should anticipate and you will see.
Fran Shammo: So a couple of thoughts here Amir, so number one is when I look at the, quote, over-the-top type of video area, I mean there is two avenues there is the over-the-top into the home and there is the over-the-top via Wireless. And I think over-the-top via Wireless you’re already starting to see that with agreements like the NFL and some other things. I also think that with the technology of multicast coming, this will certainly open up doors for more of that content to be delivered over-the-top via the Wireless network because multicast is so efficient in delivering a programming type service over the LTE network. But of course that will be major around more live events concerts, sports those types of things. As far as over-the-top into the broadband home, I think that what this says is that the content providers there have realized that there is a whole population out there that do not subscribe the satellite TV or linear TV and they’re trying to penetrate that millennial base that does not have these types of offers and wants something smaller, more convenient for them. And as I said, I think this brings in a lot of innovative type models of how to really attack some of these other segments of the marketplace that don’t have that type of service. Do I think in the near-term, this is going to decrease linear TV or satellite TV? No, I don’t. But I think it’s another avenue of how we open up the ecosystem with innovative models and that’s something that we’re very-very interested in especially around Wireless and even as we go out into more of the broadband type market.
Fran Shammo: Yes, so Jennifer unfortunately, I can’t, I’m not actually allowed to -- my lawyers have told me I am not allowed to answer any type of spectrum questions, and at this point, it’s still far in the future and we’re focused on the current one. So I think at this point, I’ll leave it at that.
Fran Shammo: Well, I think that as we try to allude over the last couple of quarters, we gave you growth rate this quarter. We’re giving you revenue numbers and we’ll continue to do that going forward. As I said before, this is not necessarily about how many connections I put on the network. This is about how many of those connections actually pay revenue when we earn money. And so as you know we stopped this closing connection a while ago. But I will tell you that the connection growth is ever increasing here. There is a lot of avenues that are being open up around Internet of Things, around healthcare, around energy management fleet. So you can go through all the verticals and there is some many solutions that are coming to forbear, which is why over -- I guess now a year and half ago, we opened up our second innovation center out in Palo Alto. So this is something that we’re very-very focused on, I think there is a lot of good opportunity here and this will certainly be a driver of growth for the entire industry. The other thing I think that separates us apart from our competition is obviously with our Hughes acquisition. We play an another tower that no one else plays, I mean everybody is playing today in the connectivity tower, but with our Hughes acquisition, we’re actually playing in the customer service and concierge tower as well and being able to deliver some of that big data and looking at ways to monetize some of that data to our end customers who are really business customers, who are looking at business-to-business versus business-to-consumers. So this is just another area, I think of growth for the industry and obviously we’re capable to capitalize on that.
Fran Shammo: Sure, thanks Jonathan. So look, LTE multicast, the network was ready in August of this past year so we have to build out the network to be able to handle multicast as you know we demonstrated it back in January with the Super Bowl where the network is capable, the chipsets are now being implemented into most of the devices that are coming out in the fourth quarter, some phones in the third quarter have those chipsets but most will have it in the fourth quarter not all. So look, the way I look at this ecosystem is that’s going to us about a year before those chipsets ramp and there we have some volume there which gets the attention of the content provider. But as I said before having a lot of great conversations with content providers they’re excited about it but again they want to see how many customers actually have the capability to use that technology and I think that will be a year away but I think that opens up a lot of new avenues for us. I don’t know yet what the -- how the ecosystem will generate revenue on this, is it a revenue share model, is it an advertising model, this is a consumer pay model, we’re not sure yet of how the ecosystem will play itself out and I think that will come within the next year. The other critical piece here is that for the first time coming in the fourth quarter we’ll have an independent third party to be tell the content providers who actually watches their shows on a mobile handset which has never been able to be done before other than from the carriers. So I think this does again open up some of that ecosystem. So, from that perspective I think we’re really in good shape from an ecosystem perspective and as far as the bundling goes and the usage goes again what the way to see how this multicast technology comes to market and how it’s capitalized on it.
Fran Shammo: Thanks Mike and thanks everyone for joining us today. Here is my closing comments I guess I’d say look, we had another strong quarter of operating and financial results, we count ourselves on a quality base and a quality addition. We count on the quality of our network and driving top line growth and profitability. By focusing on execution around the assets we already have in place we’re delivering consistent high quality earnings and returning value to our shareholders. At the same time we’re developing new products and services in the areas of video delivery, over the top, machine-to-machine for future growth and profitability. We have great confidence in our ability to execute on our strategy and grow the business profitably while making the necessary capital investments to position us for the future. Thank you everyone for joining us today and have a great day.
