Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Tony. I'm proud of our team and pleased with our financial and operational performance in the first quarter. We exited the quarter with good momentum across the business positioning us well for the year ahead. We're [scaling] (ph) fixed wireless access and private networks while growing our core mobility business. Our disciplined, targeted and segmented consumer strategy continues to prove itself. And we will apply the same level of energy and execution to the prepaid market. Network excellence drives our business forward and we will not let up on that. Our consistent network investment puts us in an unmatched position to deliver AI services at scale. Finally, our cash flow generation is solid. This shows that we are executing well against our financial objectives. Our cash flow strength allows us to deliver on our capital allocation priorities, including supporting our dividend and paying down our debt. With strong momentum already in the start of the second quarter, I'm confident in our ability to sustain progress towards unlocking Verizon's full potential for all stakeholders. Now, Brady, we are ready to take questions.
Hans Vestberg: Hey, thanks Mike. Yeah, This is a long-term strategy of us. First of all, we have a great base of customers. We want to give them the flexibility on the consumer side. Then we add in the Perks. Of course, all that plays into value play for our customers, even though we up tier our customers. And that has gone very well. We said in the prepared remarks that almost a quarter of our customers have myPlan right now and we are expecting it to go to almost or go to half of the base, which is never had a product moving that fast because it resonates with the market. In there -- we have opportunities for both up-tiering and then adding services, all incremental for our bottom-line and accretive. And many of these offerings are savings for our customers which is just great. The Max-Netflix is for example a great saving, great product. We are the only one in the market that can do that on wireless. It's exclusive. And that's the type of things we do on Perks, very different rather. I wouldn't say shocked, but I would be at least surprised if Sampath and the consumer team doesn't continue to think how they can enlighten our customers even more with these type of things going forward. Tony.
Hans Vestberg: Kannan, thank you for the question. First of all, I think I said it in the beginning of the year, we're getting into a phase of the heavy investment, a lot of changes in our asset structure. We're coming into a phase where we have all the assets we need and we're executing on it. And you see the operation excellence coming out from it the last three quarters. I have a team that in many facets have actually changed quite a lot. We added two new team members this quarter. I feel really good where we stand with assets right now and how we're executing. And of course I can never say never to look into assets. That's my fiduciary responsibility. But I rather right now execute on what I have. And you see the performance when we have that with the C-band millimeter wave, the broadband growth we have, almost 400,000 again this quarter. So that's my main focus. When it comes to some of the other things, at the end you mentioned, I think we are using our base of distribution to actually work with all the streaming services. And we are uniquely positioned. We have the biggest distribution or direct-to-consumer in the market. We are taking leverage that for our customers and for our shareholders, but also seeing that we help some of these larger streaming services to see that they get better churn and of course better access to the best consumer base in the United States of America. So we will continue to do that and see that we're doing it in the right way. But again, I'm pleased with the asset base we have today.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, David. First of all, our team is very focused to continue to get a little bit more of volume in the consumer side. Remember, on the business side, we're already in there. We are taking customers every quarter. We have done it for not sure how many quarters. So it's a little bit different dynamic on the service -- on the consumer side, we actually had a little bit more challenge in 2022. I think since second quarter 2023 with our myPlan and offerings, you see a constant improvement how we are actually addressing our customers. So I'm really pleased with that. But we have said, or Sampath has said on the consumer side, he want to have more on the volume side than only on the value side from customers. But that doesn't mean we will continue to get more value with our customers and what we're doing. On the second line, the only thing I want to say there, first of all, the innovation the team is doing right now is based on our strategy. We build a network once and we want as many profitable connections on the network in order to have the lowest return or the best return on invested capital in the industry. It's just playing straight into that narrative and this, of course, is accretive and we would take the second-line any given time. So again, you show the innovation and I'm prepared to see or I'm ready to see even more innovation from my team going forward. Tony.
Hans Vestberg: And it goes back to the things -- the three things that I talked about that we are measured on from our shareholders, from our board and how I measure my management team. It's a service revenue growth, it's EBITDA and cash flow expansion. That's what we're measuring. Then it's 100 different measurements inside there. But those three are what we're incentivized on, and that's how we run our business.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you Sebastiano. Yeah, when we talk about the broadband, first of all I think Fios continue to be the stellar product, best fiber product in the market, both for businesses and for consumer. You see us continue -- it's a little bit up and down depending on mover markets and all of that, but we are very consistent on growth in that area, very pleased with that product. On the fixed wireless access, we continue to see very, very good net promoter score, the easiness of installing it, the greatness of the product, the quality of the product, all that plays in. So I just see that when we roll out our C-band we get new opportunities. On the consumer side, that we saw of course as an obvious use case. On the business side, we're seeing new use cases that we didn't see before. I mean, all the way from coffee shops replacing cable with fixed wireless access to large enterprises actually replacing with fixed wireless access as well for different use cases. So we had a super quarter in fixed wireless access in the business side this quarter. But again, we are dimensioning ourselves to be around 400 net adds quarter-by-quarter. That's how Joe, our Head of Network, is deploying the capital, the resources so we can handle it. So we're again pleased with that. We said it also was a little bit slower broadband market in the beginning of the year. The exit rates were better at the end of the quarter. So all-in-all good. On the 5G use cases, yeah, now we start talking more and more about private networks because the number of them are many -- then the value of them are still fairly small. But you know, when we build that base of private network, managed spectrum for enterprises, that's over time is going to be a great opportunity for our enterprise sales force to add in, do the mobile edge compute. And as I said, AI is like, that's how we built our mobile edge compute network. And we already have mobile edge compute in many of our sites across the country in order to be able to meet that compute and storage. So over time, long-term, and we are a long term company. We're going to be around for many, many years being telecoms. This is absolutely the right investment. Nobody else has built a network as we have done when it comes to AI network compute storage at the edge on the wireless network.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you Craig. Great question. First of all, as we all know, right now the FCC doesn't have any spectrum to auction out them -- and they don't even have an approval to do it. So that's sort of constrained. Then it could, of course be secondhand market spectrum. We feel good about -- we have only deployed a piece of our C-band so far. So we have quite a lot left in -- our many of the sites have 60 megahertz or maybe at best 80. We have 161 megahertz nationwide. So we have quite a lot left of spectrum. And remember, That was the decision I, together with the board, took. We bought spectrum for decades, not for the next two quarters or something like that. So we feel really good about it. Then any opportunistic spectrum coming up, it's hard to predict. And even on whatever regulation is going to be around screens and that. I don't know. The only thing I know, I've sit here on a better position ever say, with my millimeter way, my C-band, my low-band, and how I build a network. And sometimes it's opportunistic spectrum is going to cost me a lot both for my customer interaction because some spectrum is not in the devices. I need new radios, new software. So you need to think when you re-engineer the network to see that you have the right spectrum all the way up to the customer. And I think that no one is even close to our team or radio planning doing that. But all-in-all, we feel good about where we are today. Let's see what's going to happen in the market of spectrum.
Hans Vestberg: A little bit early to say, and ultimately it's actually a call or return on investment that we do daily here. Should we put up a new tower? Should we densify? Should we put up new elements? Or should we add more spectrum? That's a regional, almost on ZIP code level that the team is going through this. So every time you see spectrum coming out in the secondhand market historically, you make a calculation. We feel good about the position we have again here with all the spectrum we have to make those choices internally rather than betting on external assets coming in. We don't need that. We have everything in-house right now for quite a while.
Hans Vestberg: I can take the first question -- the second question first. As we haven't done any open access deals yet, you can see that the appetite hasn't been that big. Anyhow, we're going to evaluate any type of opportunities that can fortify how we deliver to our customers. So far in this environment, with the very high capital cost, et cetera. It hasn't -- we haven't find a good return on investment on it. And again, we are very financially prudent. And remember, we have fixed wireless access, we have our Fios, we sort of -- we have [own this] (ph) economics on basically everything we're doing. That's why our return on investment is the highest in the industry and our EBITDA is the highest. We will continue to be disciplined. That doesn't mean I'm not going to look into other models, but right now there have not been any models that is appealing to me and the team and for our shareholders.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. On the BEAD funding, yeah, I think that has been widely reported in the press. It is of course a complicated process to get the BEAD money out, et cetera. So we bid where we see it makes sense with return on investment and the subsidy is coming in there. There are some other broadband money coming into the market from the previous funds which were winning. We just had some quite large wins here recently in Pennsylvania. So we're using it but we do it when it makes sense from a profitable point of view. But again, it's probably going to take some time when we see this money rolling out. Second question is for you. I [think you remember] (ph) …
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, sure. So good morning, Simon. So a couple of points on churn. So the results on C-band are significantly better. We see, you know, strong churn performance, higher premium mix, and also higher gross adds in C-band markets. And, you know, overall in 2024, it's reasonable to expect similar or lower churn in the consumer business compared to 2023. And then on your cash flow question, in the prepared remarks, we said that free cash flow would have a similar shape to last year and build throughout the year. We do expect free cash flow to be up meaningfully in the second quarter. We still see the same puts and takes on free cash flow for the full year as we described in January. So nothing's really changed there. On your question on the quarter, let me start with operating cash flow and let me unpack that for you. So we saw the discretionary pension contribution in the quarter. That was $365 million in connection with the pension annuitization transaction that we announced in early March. As we said previously, the lower capitalized interest from C-band now manifests itself in operating cash flow, and that was about $300 million higher year-over-year. And the third point I'd make is, you know, we're funding the business for growth and very, very confident in our ability to execute and you saw that again. You saw the growth in the fourth quarter with strong gross adds and we followed that up with 5% gross add growth in the consumer business in the first quarter. And with that growth comes working capital timing that will settle in the second quarter. But overall we're very confident in the cash generation of the business and nonetheless we expect to generate strong free cash flow and we see no obstacles in paying down debt in a meaningful way in the second half of 2024.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. And John, good morning. So in terms of ACP, we stopped enrollments in February and still accepting transfers through May. As we said previously and -- in the prepared remarks, the majority of the exposure is in the prepaid business, and we have 1.1 million prepaid subs that are in the ACP program. We've said previously that the guidance assumed that the ACP funding stays intact. The impact or any impact would be seen on service revenue up to potential 50 basis points of headwind. And the margin exposure from ACP is actually very small. It was insignificant in the first quarter. And if nothing changes and the funding goes away in May, as is planned, then we have plans in place to address it, both from retention and potential acquisition opportunities as well. And obviously we'll continue to help everybody -- update everybody as we know more.
Tony Skiadas: Sure. And Mike, just a couple other points. So we did see 4.4% ARPA growth in the first quarter. And as Hans talked about in myPlan, the premium mix is very strong. It's 42% of the lines in the base. And the Perk attach rates have steadily increased and then will continue to increase. So we feel really good about that and the discipline we see on promotions as well and keeping the amortization pressure in check.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, Mike, just to add a couple of things. So obviously, as Hans said, we're on track with the savings program, and those savings were contemplated in the guide. We're not going to discuss specific cost targets, but as Hans mentioned, we're operating a lot differently, and we feel really good about the cost actions that we're taking and the progress that we're making that are driving the EBITDA improvements that you saw in the first quarter and that we expect throughout 2024.
Tony Skiadas: Yes, so Dave, on the second number, it is included in the line counts. I mean, the one thing we would say is it gives customers flexibility. They can add and remove it as desired. The adoption so far has been good, just a few points on that. It was very low single digit percentage of phone gross adds in the quarter for consumer. And we believe there's a limited market for this. As Hans said, it's ARPA and revenue accretive and it's high margin business. There's no incremental device. There's no incremental data usage and the results in the quarter reflect the strength of our core business. So we -- as Hans said, we would take this profitable connection any day of the week.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, we're not going to give multiyear targets here, but we like the shape of the growth right now. We said we're on track with our service revenue growth through the year and the team is very focused on us. We said we were going to be phone net add positive in consumer and that's on track as well. And on the debt, so look, we're not going to give any targets on paying down debt. Our focus is on continuing to generate strong free cash flow to pay down debt in a meaningful way. In the second half of the year, we're on track to do that. We have 3.6 billion of unsecured maturities due this year. About half of that was addressed in the first quarter. And you should expect us to be opportunistic as the year goes on.
Tony Skiadas: And then Greg, on your question on ACPs, so as we said, it was up to a potential 50 basis points of headwind in service revenue. And that's a combination of ARPU and churn and it's lower ARPU. And we also said the margin exposure from ACP is also very, very small.
Tony Skiadas: Yes, it was the question on the C-band market. So on the C-band markets -- in the early markets, the performance is much better. As we said earlier, the churn is much better, 4 basis points better in churn. The premium mix is also a lot better, and we see meaningful increase in gross add performance as well. So we're really, really pleased with the performance in C-band.
Tony Skiadas: Yeah, Peter, on your question on SG&A, some of that in the quarter is a function of the upfront work on transformation initiatives that will abate as the year progresses. And we also see pressure, year-over-year pressure on the handset insurance claims and we expect that to level off in the second quarter. We expect to see further operating leverage in the second half of the year.
