Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Matt. The actions we have taken are showing progress, but there is more work to be done. Our priorities through the end of the year and into 2023 are straightforward: continue our traction in Consumer wireless through the holiday season and into 2023; maintain and grow our momentum in fixed wireless access and Business wireless; implement the initial framework of a cross-functional efficiency program and improve our working capital efficiencies; and finally, continue our measured and strategic approach to the market with financial discipline and increased momentum for the quarters to come. While there is work to be done, I’m confident that we are well positioned to deliver. So thank you. Now we’re ready for your questions. Brady, back to you.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, John. I can start and Matt will fill in. I mean when it comes to the quarter and the gross adds and the churn, I think what happened is that we came out from the second quarter where the soft quarter on the Consumer side when it comes to gross adds. We added a couple of new products all the way from the Welcome plan to the price adjustments. And of course, the outcome we were expecting was that we continue to grow both ARPA, but also our wireless service revenue. And as you heard, we grew the service revenue with 3.5% if we exclude TracFone, but then with TracFone. So that clearly is working for us, and we will continue to do that. But we will do it in certain segments where we see weakness. I mean we also saw a very strong continuation in our premium segments, where we continue to have now more than 81% of consumers on unlimited and 42% on Unlimited Premium. So we – that area is going well. So we just need to find those areas, and we will continue to do that. But I think that we have a very competitive pricing in the market. We add that with values like the one plan with Apple right now at Apple One Unlimited, et cetera, and we have more to come. So it’s – for us it’s a grind it to see that we do the right in the segment. And of course, we have the largest consumer base in the market. So we just need to see that we’re doing this in the right way. And ultimately, our goal is to continue to grow our EBITDA. And you saw this quarter, we grew our EBITDA ;with almost 3%. And that’s what we’re doing, and we keep our guidance for the full year. So we – that’s our job. And then on top of that, we take out costs. So I think all in all, that’s what we’re working with constantly here. And it’s a big ship we’re moving. I think that this quarter, we saw all the actions we took in the second quarter having impact – positive impact. That doesn’t mean we’re done. We think we can do more and we have more to do. So that’s sort of the summary of where I think we are and how we’re executing, and we will continue to execute in this quarter and the quarters to come.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you, Brett. When it comes to our national broadband strategy, first of all, I think it’s working really good for us. You saw in the quarter adding 377,000. The Fios footprint continue to be extremely high-quality customers and continue to grow. We will continue to expand that footprint. Outside that, we, of course, have a very high focus on fixed wireless access because the speed to market, because the demand in the market right now is high for broadband. And of course, we have a very disruptive model where it takes low single digits minutes to actually get broadband at home. It’s a total different product when it comes to fixed wireless access. So we capture the market as soon as we can right now, and you see on our growth rates that is happening both for Consumer as for Business. But as you rightfully said, we are deploying the network as we speak, and we are just into certain markets given on the C-band, we will have more and more markets. And as we stated in the remarks, I mean, we are now covering 40 million households with our fixed wireless access. So we will continue to expand that, and we have plans and execution. It’s working well. The quality is improving. The customer satisfaction is really high on fixed wireless access and of course, there are the competition in these areas are of course not equally good customer satisfaction. So no, I think – we think – we are confident that this is a good strategy for us. Then when it comes to our fiber, you’re absolutely right. We have done enormous investment in fiber. We want owners’ economics on our network, and we are getting that because with the majority of all the 5G sites have our own fiber, and we’re now passing 50% by year-end on all our sites. Some sites will never need fiber. So it’s not like 100% is the end goal. But in order to have a good experience for our customers, that’s what we’re doing. Then we want to see opportunities, especially for the Business side to use that fiber footprint outside. I’d like to see that some customers can get a better or we can substitute third-party fiber that we are getting from others. But clearly, focus on fiber in the Fios footprint, fixed wireless access going as fast as we can outside that. So yes, we are confident about the strategy, and it’s working. We have talked about for several years. We come out with new products, that’s going to be multi-spectrum. That’s going to handle everything from 4G, C-band, 10-millimeter wave. So the resilience and the performance and quality of the products is even getting better. So yes, that’s where we are.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. I can start on the enterprise side with the mobile edge compute, which we – and the private 5G networks. As I said a couple of times before – right now, we had three different sort of use cases on the edge computing: one was private networks, another was public mobile edge compute, and the third was the private 5G mobile edge compute. We see clearly a very strong demand on the private 5G networks, which is the prelude to go into all others, and the funnel is strong. And we talked about a couple of examples this quarter which we have gained. And it’s a normal typical enterprise or B2B cycle, where you start with one proof of concept, then you start deploying it, and then you roll it out. So that’s going to continue to happen over the years is, of course, not going to be any significant revenues in the short-term. But over time, we’re building a totally new opportunity for Sapa and his team to be with customers in larger sort of turnkey projects to reform and transform their digital asset for enterprises. So we are still really confident this is a good strategy for us. And it’s – again, we’re building on the same network. We built a network once, and we have several different use cases where the mobility and now the fixed wireless access both are going in a high speed. And now we’re adding the mobile edge compute that’s starting to get off to a good start, especially with private 5G networks, and then we move into mobile edge compute. So that’s how I see that market continue for us.
Hans Vestberg: I can start on the Business side. We have seen strong business growth on the wireless side for five consecutive quarters. So clearly, what we see is that both from the government, from large enterprises, small and medium businesses, they rely on the – on high-performing networks is extremely important, and that’s what we’re giving them. And that’s why we are growing. I mean we have had a really good run on it, and the team is doing a great job. I mean this quarter was 197,000 net – phone net adds in the Business segment. And as Matt said, it’s across over all the three segments: government, enterprise and small and medium businesses. So clearly, we have a good transformation there with our customers. And of course, adding to that, we have a great sales force out there every day with all these accounts because it’s about the network, and it’s about the go to market. And we are the strongest in both, so we feel really good about that.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. No, it’s the same – it’s normal. We see more, of course, as any company will go in more mobile. It’s not like we’re seeing secondary lines or something like that. And remember, we – if it’s sort of an IoT line, etcetera, that’s outside this. We’re talking about phone net adds here. So this is normal lines that is coming into our customers for normal usage. We haven’t seen any difference in that compared to previous quarter that is something strange there. No, it’s actually normal lines coming in that customers are transforming more to mobility.
Hans Vestberg: Thank you. A couple of things, what drove the gross adds. I mean first of all, I think as Matt said, the Welcome plan drove – because that was a segment we were softer in the first quarter and the second quarter, and that’s why we addressed it. And that was probably the quickest turnaround we have done ever to bring out a new plan dedicated and nationwide. And that should be a reflection of how we plan to work. I mean we will be very agile. We will quickly move into segments where we see softness in our consumer base. And I am happy with what I have seen so far. But also the marketing work because if you think about the growth we had both in gross adds, but also, as Matt said, when it comes to store visits, that was up more than double digit in the quarter compared to second quarter. So, all that together work, and that’s what we need to continue to work and see if there are other weaknesses in the consumer portfolio. Remember, now we are going all the way from the premium down to the lowest and most cost-efficient plans on our prepaid. And the work we are doing, we have integrated that in our consumer group right now. And we look into that we are doing the right things for every segment and see that we have the right offerings for our customers. That might be that we are aggressive in certain segments and not in others. And that’s sort of where we come with our size right now, we can do that. And I was happy with seeing what happened in the second quarter – or in the third quarter with some of the actions we have taken. But we are not finished yet. We need to do more of this. We need to be more surgical. We need to attack the areas where we see weakness. But that was what’s growing the gross adds in the quarter, clearly.
Hans Vestberg: Okay. Let me start with the first one. As we said earlier, man, the Welcome plan worked very well for us, and we didn’t see many of our customers trading down. And actually, it was more about softness in the marketplace there, and that’s where we actually gained success. And then – but on the other hand, we saw many of our customers coming into the store. And then we – after a conversation, of course, we saw them actually doing a step-up and then going for another plan. So, it actually worked. We didn’t see that step-downs we see in the market has happened so far, where I think we are segmenting it up with the values we have in each and every segment. So – but if they would do it over time, given the economic situation, we will be better prepared than anybody else. And when we are actually addressing all the segments of the market, so we can work with that. When it comes to the prepaid – to the postpaid migration, that is, of course, one of the pillars in our strategy to see that our customers can do that and part of our acquisition strategy to see that we can offer the customers. That will take some IT work. And as I said before, that will technically, meaning that you cannot eat more easily work in between prepaid and postpaid. That will take some time before it’s finished. But already today, of course, we have a collaboration in between our groups as this sort of under one roof, the whole value and premium segments. So, I think that’s what we are going to do. But that’s, of course, an opportunity for us over time to have more of that. But already right now, we are seeing good sign on our value segment as we start growing in the third quarter. And we just added new products, including Total Wireless, which is a higher end of the value market as well as adding now fixed wireless access to the – to some of the brands. So, there is much more to do. And we are encouraged what we have seen so far about the potential, and that was the reason we acquired TracFone, because we saw this potential to play in all the Consumer segment and adding products in different ways and scaling sort of our platforms. The more we can scale the platforms, the network and the products, the more efficient we are going to be on the return on capital invested.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. I can start and Matt will come in there as well. But when it comes to the C-Band spending, you remember, we said we are going to do an additional $10 billion on CapEx. The year has not ended, but you have seen more or less where we are guiding. So, it’s going to be some portion left for the next year on CapEx, but that’s a smaller part. And then it’s going to be BAU because then we have done all our initial. What has happened after that is, of course, we are getting a much more spectrum to the sites and we get some more markets. But then we are down to BAU as we have always been building capacity and network on 4G, 3G. Now, we will do it on 5G with the spectrum we have. So, feel good about that situation and how we have been doing it. And this was part of the strategy we laid out for the network already 2017 in order to draw the benefit of a unified network with a strong sort of edge capability with different type of access technologies. And now, of course, with C-Band, we are adding that strength. So, we are going to pass the 200 million POPs in the first quarter 2023, and then we will just continue to deploy as we are getting more spectrum. I mean still today, we are using mainly 60 megahertz. There are some places where we have started to trial out 100 megahertz. But as you know, we have 161 megahertz nationwide. And in some places, we are 200 megahertz. So, we have so much more spectrum and capacity. But the guys have been building smart. So, when the spectrum comes, we turn it up. It’s not going out to the site again. So, we are ready for that.
Hans Vestberg: Yes. Our C-Band spectrum is nationwide, every market, every state. So, we are just going to complete that and see that we have a similar as the 4G network, as Matt says.
Hans Vestberg: Hey Craig. I think first of all, we have seen some early steps of convergence in a market where mobility and home is going together. Of course, ultimately, the customers will define is that the best model. I think we are in a great position for obvious reasons, where we deploy our fixed – remember, when we deploy our network on the C-Band, we start in urban and suburban. And that’s of course, also where the fixed wireless access opportunity arises. So, then the combination of fixed and home and mobile is emerging there. So, we are going to play on that. And you have seen we have offerings on that in the market and also working with our Fios footprint equally much. We have the optionality. And the customers will decide if that is a good way forward. I think we are in a very strong position. We have owners’ economics on all our home broadband and all our mobility and being able to see that we can follow the market. And it goes back a little bit to what I have said before. We need to be agile and be surgical in different segments. If we see that, for example, convergence is happening in certain segments, we quickly come out with offerings and do that. And that’s what the team is working with constantly right now. And if that is a trend going there and it’s just accentuated, we are going to be super well positioned for that. If it’s not, we are also super positioned for keeping it separate. We are going to see that the market. We are going to drive the market. We think it’s strength for us that we have owners’ economics on both mobility and broadband. So, we will drive it where we see a good traction on it. And as you have seen already, we have already offerings out there, and we will continue to do so.
Hans Vestberg: I think when it comes to the consumer churn, as Matt explained, the vast majority in the third quarter was coming from the price adjustments we did, which was a deliberate decision we took in the second quarter, and it was as expected. That was the larger piece of it in the churn. And as Matt said before, our job right now is to continue to drive this downwards and see that, that is evaporating out there. We have some leakage into the – into October from it because – given how the price adjustments come out in the market.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Thanks, Hans. And John, so maybe the second part of your question first around churn and is our pricing in the right place, I’d point you to the fact that our gross adds were up almost 5% on a year-over-year basis in 3Q. So obviously, our offerings continue to resonate with customers, obviously, built on having the best network, and consumers continue to see the value of that. So continue to believe that the gross add traffic will be there, and we will get our fair share. On the churn side, just to put it in perspective, the pricing actions we took across both the metered plans and the fees touch more than 75 million phone customers. And so the uptick in churn that we saw in the quarter was highly expected. We kind of mentioned that 90 days ago that we expected it to happen. But the financial benefits came through as well, which was exactly as we expected and was the right approach to take. So obviously, the impact of those changes will mitigate as we go forward here, and we will continue to make sure that our churn is where it needs to be to ensure the right results. In terms of the first part of your question, you’re right, we will speak to you more specifically about 2023 on the next call. We’re obviously in the middle of our planning cycle right now. But you should certainly expect us to build on the momentum that you saw us deliver in the third quarter. You saw that wireless service revenue up sequentially 2%. As Hans mentioned, EBITDA up sequentially about 3%, that gives us a good platform to build on here in 4Q and then as we head into ‘23. And then you mentioned below the line, there will be some pressures next year. I’m not going to quantify those now. But as you think about the specifics of those, some of those we’ve spoken to all of you about before. When we came out of the C-band auction, we said that we would expect depreciation to increase and capitalized interest to reduce as we’ve deployed C-band sites and put them on there and really having kind of significant year-over-year impacts in ‘23 and ‘24. So that’s in line with what we’ve been talking about for a while. And then you layer on top of that, obviously, interest rates are higher, and we will have a full year impact of that next year. And that impacts both the interest expense line, but also other non-cash below-the-line items around pension and OPEB, where the imputed interest cost will be higher with the higher macro rates and then also starting the year with lower assets because of the performance this year. So we will obviously quantify those things. But as we think about ‘23, we had good momentum coming out of 3Q on a sequential basis, look to build on that in 4Q, continue to generate significant amounts of cash flow that puts us in a position to be successful going forward.
Matt Ellis: Brad, I’ll just add one thing. You mentioned fiber to the home. Of course, our Fios team had another good quarter here, 61,000 net adds despite a low-mover environment. So as Hans said, we’re very focused on doing broadband through fixed wireless access, but our Fios business continues to perform very strongly and add customers to that network. And we continue to build more open for sale in our Fios footprint. And just as a point to note, 3Q was a milestone for Fios in terms of going over 7 million connections with – for that business. So it continues to perform very strongly. And then we supplement it with fixed wireless access around the rest of the country.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Simon, so your first question around CapEx, obviously, we will be more specific on ‘23 guidance in January, but nothing has changed around our view of CapEx. So very much in line and that’s because of the great work the team has done this year. I mean we said we’d be at 175 million POPs covered by the end of the year. As you heard Hans say earlier, already at more than 160 million through 3Q. Not only will we be ahead of the 175 million, but we will be at 200 million at some point during the first quarter, so phenomenal speed that the team has built the network there. That means a significant chunk of the $10 billion CapEx for C-band will have been covered between last year and this year. So it will just be a small stub piece of that left next year and then we will be at those BAU levels that we’ve spoken to all of you about numerous times. In terms of the longer term revenue growth, I mean, obviously, we will come back to that, but certainly encouraged by what we saw in the third quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, wireless service revenue growth when you – obviously, the year-over-year 10% number has the noise in there from closing on the TracFone acquisition November last year. But I mentioned, even if you ignore all of the Trac revenues, up more than 3% year-over-year. So we’re building the right momentum there. Obviously, we will have significantly more customers on FWA that we will be billing next year than we did this year. Hans mentioned the positive momentum around 5G private networks and MEC. So we will get ‘23 plan locked down here, and then we will be in a position to talk about longer-term where we see things as well, but certainly continuing to build on the momentum that we’ve seen in the last quarter.
Matt Ellis: Yes. And Phil, just maybe building on that a little bit. Certainly, the continued strong employment position feeds into this. That’s very much the positive. But look, I think the other thing as you think about Business to think about is the depth of the relationships we have with Business customers over many years from both wireless and our legacy wireline relationships and the quality of the network continues to matter to our Business customers and our team have been very effective at selling into those customers. But if you are – if the suggestion from anything that you have been hearing is these are secondary lines with low usage on it, that couldn’t be more further from the truth. These are absolutely primary lines. We see it in the usage. Certainly, as businesses continue more and more people in mobile, and we see that. But these are absolutely primary use lines, and we know that from the usage we see on that. In terms of on the consumer side, on accounts, certainly, that trend is something that continued into 3Q. And – but you also saw the positive momentum from a gross add standpoint, and that feeds through into the account trend also moving in a better line than it was. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect 4Q to have positive phone net adds and that should show up in the trend on the accounts side as well. So, look, overall gross adds are up 5%, and they were up on a year-over-year base in consumer. So, there is a lot of good things going on. And then within our base, we just have to keep reminding people of the value. The team is doing an outstanding job there, and they have got more to bring to the market here as we go forward.
Matt Ellis: Yes. It’s mix. You have got to think about the contribution from Welcome in two ways. One, obviously, in terms of the number of adds that people signed up for, but more importantly, the number of additional visits to the stores that it drove. Because certainly, some people who came in to Welcome, but it also gave us the opportunity to talk to more customers coming into the stores about all of our plans. So, we would have a good number of customers that came in because they seem to Welcome pricing, but then actually purchased one of our Mix & Match price plans as well. So, we don’t really have a specific breakout there for you, but definitely a contributor to the increase in store traffic and the increase in gross adds.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Hi. On the question around interest rates, so we have absolutely had a targeted rate of effective variable to fix, and that served us very well, continues to serve us very well over the course of the economic cycle. And we think that creates value over the course of the cycle for the company, and obviously, shareholders as well. As you mentioned, Dave, obviously, this year has seen significant increase there. And so some of those hedges have obviously moved around in value. I couldn’t be happier with the work the treasury team has done, not just this year, but over many years now to not just manage the overall debt profile, but also the interest rate expense. You see that in the income statement over the past few years, where even as our debt has gone up to pay for the C-Band acquisition and so on, our total interest expense cost has actually remained relatively flat. So, we will continue to manage the balance sheet there. And as you mentioned, if there is opportunities to create incremental value, I think our track record would tell you very strongly that you should expect us to be doing everything taking full advantage of those.
Matt Ellis: Yes. A couple of follow-ups there, Mike. So, the risk of trading down, we have obviously seen a number of different economic cycles during the life of the wireless business. And we don’t historically see significant amounts of trade-down during a macro downturn. So, I don’t expect anything different, again, because the value that people place on their connectivity products, whether that’s broadband or wireless, is higher than ever. So, we will obviously monitor it closely, but history would suggest the risk of that is not that high. And then your last question around integration on roaming, we should largely have the roaming integration, all of the customers, over onto the Verizon network during 2023. We haven’t quantified the benefit there, but obviously significant. But that will be – that should be in the financials by the end of next year.
Matt Ellis: Yes. So, Tim, just on the – exactly what Hans said on the timing. If you think about it, we are still spending on the LTE network today, and that’s obviously 10-plus years from when we launched. So, that’s because the usage on the network continues to grow, the utility people get from it continues to grow. And that’s why you see our customer base expanding as a result. But as you think about connecting the dots here, as we said, we will be close to 200 million – well, we will cross 200 million POPs in the first quarter of next year. The $10 billion will largely be spent – we said there would be a stub left over to next year, so that kind of overlaps there. So, think about it from the standpoint, the $10 billion took care of covering the first roughly 200 million POPs. Then the rest of it goes into BAU. And you create space in BAU because those 200 million POPs have now got C-Band coverage. We said over half of our base has a 5G compatible device in their hands. And so the usage growth in those areas is going on C-Band. That means we don’t have to continue spending on LTE in those markets. And then combined with other programs that are coming to an end on the peak spend, such as OneFiber, Intelligent Edge Network, that’s the space for the C-Band continued build, both from a coverage and a capacity standpoint, to be in the BAU-level spend, just like as we continue to expand the LTE network for many years. It was part of the BAU-level spend. So, absolutely peak level this year. CapEx comes down next year. And then I would expect even further in ‘24 as the $10 billion is completely gone, as we spoke about earlier this year. And that obviously has a positive impact on free cash flow and the decisions we will be able to have in front of us as a result of that going forward. So, couldn’t be happier with the pace at which the team has built it out and spent that money, unbelievable work the team has done there. And it puts us in a great place to reduce CapEx going forward.
Matt Ellis: I think Kyle has said pretty clearly that you should expect – where you get 4G today, you should be expecting to get 5G in the future as we continue to build out.
Matt Ellis: Yes. Just, Frank, to build on that a little bit. So, absolutely, we expected to see that increase, but it was certainly a good a good trade for us because it drove the gross add increase that we spoke about earlier, also drove a 2% sequential increase in service revenue and 3% in EBITDA. So, we will work through the bubble from that as we go forward. But obviously, the actions produce the type of results that we wanted. We will expect to get back to more normal levels going forward. We constantly have to communicate to our base of customers the value of being on the Verizon network, and that’s something that we have got many years of doing. As we have just spoke about a couple of questions ago, the quality of that network with the C-Band build-out is expanding rapidly. And we have the opportunity to continue to demonstrate to customers the premium service they get on Verizon. And as we do that, I am very confident that churn will get back to the levels we would expect it to be. And combined with the improved gross add performance, we will see that show up in the financials, and more importantly, in strong cash flow from the business. So, really happy with the sequential trajectory we have. We need to keep building on that as we go forward here. That’s what the team is focused on.
