Gerben Bakker: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter results. Third quarter results demonstrate continued execution off of strong first half and multiyear performance. Price realization remains strong as prior actions to offset inflation continue to stick in the marketplace, supported by our leading position and service levels in attractive markets. Additionally, improved productivity and lower year-over-year raw material costs also contributed to another quarter of significant operating margin expansion. As anticipated, we accelerated our investments in capacity, productivity and innovation initiatives in the third quarter to drive long term returns for shareholders. We expect that grid modernization and electrification will continue to drive GDP plus growth in our markets over the next several years, and Hubbell is uniquely positioned to solve these critical infrastructure needs for our customers in front and behind the meter. These investments we are making in the second half of this year will effectively position the company to capitalize on these visible growth opportunities through best-in-class quality and service as well as through the introduction of new products and solutions. More near term, we detailed last quarter how normalizing supply chain dynamics have enabled improved manufacturing lead times and allowed our channel partners to normalize their order patterns in response to more predictable product availability. This process continued into third quarter. Bill will walk you through more of the details in a few minutes. But overall, we continue to view this as a natural outcome of supply chain normalization. Broadly, our sell through to end markets remains healthy and our positions with our customers remain strong. We anticipate that we will be mostly through this normalization process as we exit 2023. Our visibility to continued strong operating performance gives us the confidence that we can navigate effectively through the fourth quarter to deliver at the upper half of our prior guidance range. As we look ahead to 2024, we believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth off of a strong multiyear performance base, and I will share some more color around our early planning considerations for next year at the end of the prepared remarks. Before I turn the call over to Bill, Hubbell announced in a press release yesterday the acquisition of Systems Control for $1.1 billion. And you'll note in today's presentation materials that we've also closed on a bolt-on acquisition of Balestro. Both of these acquisitions are high quality businesses with strong strategic fits that enhance our industry leading platform of utility components, communications and controls. Systems Control is a leading manufacturer of mission critical substation protection and control solutions. The business is complementary to our portfolio and enhances our leading value proposition to our core utility customer base. Substation automation is an attractive space within the utility market as control and relay solutions are critical to upgrading and protecting aged infrastructure, while also enabling the integration of renewables and the electrification of the grid. Systems Control has a proven business model and a demonstrated track record of delivering value for customers and financial performance that will enhance Hubbell's long term growth and margin profile. Balestro is a leading manufacturer of high quality utility arresters and insulators that bolts on well to our existing portfolio. Importantly, this acquisition also provides us with additional manufacturing capacity that will enable incremental output in a constrained US T&D market. Bill will provide more color on both of these acquisitions in a few minutes, but we are very pleased to deploy capital to acquire attractive businesses like these that will drive strong returns and strong long-term value for our customers and shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through the details of the quarter.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And as we look ahead, we feel well positioned for 2024 and beyond. Grid modernization, electrification megatrends remain intact and we continue to believe our utility markets can deliver mid single digit organic growth over the next several years. Our industry leading utility franchise is uniquely positioned to enable us to serve our utility customers as they invest to make the grid infrastructure more reliable, resilient and renewable. While we anticipate telecom markets to remain weak through the first half of next year, Strong demand in T&D markets, particularly transmission and substation support visible growth. We also anticipate that the deployment of infrastructure stimulus funding will drive further demand for Hubbell Utility Solutions in the second half of next year. In Electrical Solutions, we continue to see significant opportunity to drive further value across the portfolio by competing collectively and operating more efficiently as we bring these businesses closer together. We've made good progress in reshaping this portfolio over the last several years with 25% of segment revenues now tied to growth verticals aligned to mega trends like data centers, renewables and utility T&D and we expect continued growth in these areas next year. Industrial markets have been solid with support from US industrial nearshoring and manufacturing project activity and nonresidential markets have remained stable. We've yet to see the signs of macroeconomic uncertainty or higher interest rate impact in these markets, but this is something we are closely monitoring as we build out contingency scenarios for planning into next year. From an operational perspective, the price/cost productivity equation will be more dynamic to navigate as we enter a more normalized environment, but we have levers at our disposal to manage this effectively. We expect that execution and productivity initiative will become a more important focus area for us moving forward to enable us to offset persisting inflation while maintaining the strong pricing levels we have achieved over the last several years. We'll provide additional color along with our '24 outlook early next year, but overall, we remain confident in our ability to deliver continued profitable growth off of a strong multiyear base of performance. With that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: And we're obviously very excited to bug deals, but obviously, the systems control, the size and the scale that it adds to the franchise we're really excited about. The good news with this business coming in that it's historically been high growth and it's very profitable, as you can see. So that's certainly a nice position coming into the portfolio. As we look and we diligence this business there's some really nice trends that I think will serve this business right. One is that they've been for 60 year a relining control panel manufacturing, but over the last 10 or 20 years, they've moved into more turnkey systems. And in essence, what that does is take labor of putting these systems together traditionally in the field to a more controlled environment in the factory where they can not only have a better control environment, they test them and it takes a lot of time out of the field. So this is a trend that we're actually seeing in the business started when we acquired PCX, that similar dynamics, some of the new products that we're developing have those features in place. So it's an area that we believe will see outsized growth coming in. What we can add to it is, we looked at who their customers are, it aligns extremely well with where some of our customers are with the exception that they still have a much smaller share of those customers. And I think this is where we really see that with our sales or with our people, we can add to complementing that. So I do believe it's more about the sales growth than probably typical cost synergies that we would see smaller tuck-ins coming in, but really excited about having this in the portfolio on what we can do with it.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe I'll provide an additional comment here, Nigel, is that while I think Bill correctly points out, there's a lot of moving parts. The good part is we have very strong tie-ins with not just our electrical channel partners, but with our utility and customers. So through those discussions, we can have discussion where the inventory sits in that channel because it sits in both places. And we see clearly in certain product lines, supported by the order rate and the shipment rates that the inventories come down, and they're telling us when they're getting towards that end of where they want to be. But I'll also remind you that the demand in the utility sector is still very, very strong. And in those same conversations, customers are very optimistic about the increased higher levels of spend. If you look at our CapEx plans going forward, elevated. So while certainly a little bit uncomfortable managing through this time as we look out a little bit, we feel really good about the end demand and that we can continue to grow our business through the cycle.
Gerben Bakker: And now regarding the backlog, it still sits around that $1 billion-ish mark As we look forward, especially with some of the technologies that we are developing to serve some of those new applications of distribution, automation, we feel well positioned in this market over the next several years out, and we see it in our quotation activity that's picking up. These are big projects that timing of which tends to be a little more unpredictable than the regular stock and flow part of our business. But we're quite optimistic and bullish about what this business can contribute over the next few years.
Gerben Bakker: And I'd say, on the kind of specific to Balestro, helps with the investment needs even into next year because that was one of the areas we were contemplating having them make investments in to grow that block or this capacity, but it's not the only one why not constraints in other areas. If you look at our transmission business and other parts of the businesses, we clearly still need to invest into next year to be able to capture that growth over the next few years [indiscernible] but it's not unique.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll start, and Bill will fill in. And if you look at the margins, particularly to the utility but I think it's across our business that in '23, we looking to expand our margins there by 700 basis points, that's quite attractive. And our view is going into '24 is that we can grow profitably on that base. And one of the drivers is going to be volume next year. We do expect that business to grow in volume. We expect to manage through this price cost productivity equation that we talked about earlier and we'll continue to invest in the business. So I think as a set up to think of profitable growth on top of this base is the right way in the experience. And certainly, we'll come back in January to provide more color on the different moving pieces and where that may fall with margins more specifically.
Gerben Bakker: I would say on the utility, we're not seeing it. And you mentioned a couple of things that caused the price, but I'd say beyond metals, just general inflation we've seen over the last year, just incredible nonmaterial inflation. And I think we talked in the past of what the pure commodities is and it's actually a relatively small part of it. The bigger part is the purchase components, the labor and all that has inflated pretty well. The other thing that we continue to have discussions with our customer around is the investments that we're making back in our business. And you don't always see that reflected in our operating performance or EPS, but the level of CapEx and the elevation that we've done in CapEx and other areas is an area that clearly benefits our customers short term and long term. So I think much more of the discussion continues to be around the value that we can add by the product and the services that we deliver than price first as a lever, not unimportant but it's not the leading part of the discussion. .
Gerben Bakker: And the other thing that will help is the infrastructure bills that are starting to come out. We're seeing some of those being released right now. We just recently saw money being released in those areas. A good bit of those are going into transmission projects that we've been following. So that gives us confidence that certainly over the more near term, that area is a little stronger. But possibly even to your interest rate question, I think bodes well for us going into next year, particularly the second half.
Bill Sperry: Jeff, I think you almost answered your own question, but it is significant to us that the electrical side has been facing some of this overstock situation for a few quarters now. So we think that's nice to see that inflecting into a growth position and sort of getting that period back to -- back to a normal book and bill sort of fourth quarter and really '24, and I think that's that's kind of the story.
Bill Sperry: I think we're -- frankly, we'll be much more -- give you much more granularity when we're together in January, and we give you our guidance. But I think you're putting your finger on some important things basically, you've got the expectation that volumes will be positive. And in those cases, it's the fixed cost absorption and the incrementals helping push margins up. I think the investment point, we're still calibrating exactly how much we're going to do. I think, from Gerben’s and my perspective, the great news is to see how creative and aggressive our teams have been in coming up with investment ideas. So it's more a function of Gerben and I regulating that and as opposed to, gee, we don't have any ideas as to how to improve the franchise. I think on the price comment that you made, there is a little bit of wrap around embedded from the timing of price increases in '23, but that's pretty small, certainly compared to the last two years. And will be whether there's any new price beyond that will remain to be seen, and we'll share that with you as we get to year end. I think we do expect productivity because you mentioned the inflation side and we've been pretty simplistically trying to maintain a balance between price and material cost on one hand and productivity and nonmaterial inflation on the other. When a nonmaterial inflation gets 5%-ish , right, it's a little bit harder to rely on just productivity to do that. That being said, we have a lot of this investment that we've been talking about is aligned towards being more productive. So we're going to continue to target that price/cost productivity to be balanced. But again, I think we'll be a lot more clear with you and granular with you, Jeff, when we're together next time.
Bill Sperry: I would say the hard part about your question is, I think you're asking about out the door demand from our channel to the end user, and I think that has been a nice stable demand. I'd point out two weak areas between telco and resi. And together, they're each on 1 side of our segment and they're each about 10%. So there's 80% of the company, I would say, Steve, that's seeing nice, healthy markets from the out the door sales side. I think the part that makes it a little more challenging is how much of that's coming out of inventory in the channel versus how much is coming out of our factory shipping new stuff. And that's where we're sort of in this inflection phase that I think our electrical side was probably a quarter earlier. And so I think they're out of it and our power side has another quarter or so to go. And so it's a -- that disconnect is just makes it a little less smooth. And I think from a -- I think you're using a good word of predictability and visibility, I think we're looking forward to '24 being a little more straightforward of, if demand gets an order to get a shipment.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, this is kind of -- we got this eight quarter '22 and '23 very positive picture. '22, I would characterize as really strong price pull with material inflation. '23 has been a little bit less price pulled but with material tailwind. So it created an even bigger net. And as you look at it quarterly, it's stepping down in the second half. So third and fourth quarter, a little bit less, but still I mean, on an absolute basis, a really big contributor to our margin expansion story.
Bill Sperry: So we've been using backlog -- Nigel, let's say that to simplify your question, Electrical is already in the position of being kind of book and bill, okay? So we've used backlog in the second and third quarters of this year, and we still have more backlog than we traditionally do. I would say, pre-pandemic, we would think about backlog being in the six week range as being very normal and typical of our book-and-bill kind of enterprise. I'd say we're sort of in the quarter and half of backlog now, so it's maybe 2.5 times typical size. So we still have the backlog on the power side. And I think that the models that we've built and the way that we're looking at those specific businesses who have gone to a much more normal lead time and we see those are the areas where we think they're shipping more than they're receiving from us. And as we talk to our customers and the models that we've created, it feels to us like that burns off that whole phase burns off by the end of the year. And we're kind of using what we saw in Electrical because it's -- that's a good precursor, we think. And so those -- all that stuff combines but I do appreciate I think there's maybe some art and some science mixed together in that answer.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you're looking at it the same way we are, which is that this is a new base and that new volumes should drop at incrementals. And I think the one overlay to all that, that gives me maybe even more confidence than you is Mark Mikes spent seems like a lifetime making our Power Systems multi-brand platform compete collectively and act really efficiently. And he really is at the early days of him adding what I would just call overall segment efficiencies to how those different silos are running. And so there's both the math of growth and incrementals but also Mark’s experience with us and track record of finding just structural ways to make it cheaper to operate and more efficiently, I should say.
Bill Sperry: Let me start with the first one -- or the second one, I'll let Gerben comment maybe on the overall picture. But yes, we think the momentum of having the chip supplies saw is really helping us get some backlog from the meter side out and as well on the AMI side. So it's a welcome surge of momentum that certainly will carry us through fourth quarter, Brent, maybe I’ll let Gerben talk back really about the positioning of…
Bill Sperry: I think on the Balestro side, it's really adding to the capacity of our North American insulator arrester business. I think on the systems control side, as I was mentioning, Brad has some ambitious growth plans that we really embrace, so I think we'll be looking to add capacity. As we mentioned, they've been growing double digits for eight years in a row, and so we're looking to help [buttress] that.
Bill Sperry: I mean I think on -- let me take the second question first. Transmission and substation growth, I think is being impacted quite a bit by renewables as well as electrification trends. So you need a new substation if you're doing a utility size solar farm that needs to be generated and then transmitted and then step down again, to the extent you had some kind of massive data center or battery factory, so electrification impacts like that that kind of increases the demand on substations. And in addition, you just have those 53,000 substations, you just have some aging equipment that needs to be updated. So it's not that that distribution has bad growth outlook. It's just that the projects on the T and substation side, we just think are going to outgrow a little bit. We did a little deep dive last quarter on that because we think it's an interesting little subset of the space. As far as interest rate impact on project management, I think, it obviously is weighing on people's consideration of cost of capital. And I just think the returns on their projects are just higher than the cost of capital. So we just -- we haven't seen the dialog step down because of interest rates but that means -- I don't know, we're not -- we just haven't seen that yet.
