DaveNord: Well, I think on the first part, I mean I think that the shift from power-gen to T&D has been a contributing factor and we expect that dynamic to continue and that all as part of modernization grid hardening, smart in the grid. On the second on California certainly there's been increased investment, increased intention, attention to the need to focus on more reliability of the grid throughout California, certainly in the northern parts and we're seeing some of the implications of that right now with the need to shut down power to protect. And so we expect that to continue, although that's only been part of the story for us. I think it's a broader shift into T&D from power-gen that's contributed.
DaveNord: Well, first on the storms, there was no meaningful incremental impact. I mean it's more of a normal level of storm activity that we saw. So nothing that was a positive year-over-year you. On the Aclara side, I think it was a little less than we expected but remember that last year we had some very significant growth high double-digit, high 20% plus in some of the periods. And so the comps got a little tougher this year. I think there are also some projects that have doubt a little bit to the right, so but there's a whole lot of order activity that we expect to be coming online certainly in the next several quarters.
DaveNord: Well, I think the merits and pros and cons of Cooper signify would have to be addressed by them. They're the ones doing as we look at from my history in the market; I think there's been a lot of churn throughout my 14 years. And it's not clear that all of it has resulted in the positive impacts that are intended. It's a tricky industry. I think there's dynamic that sometimes suggest that in some places bigger isn't always better unless executed well. So with any large transaction like that I put that in the category of large. I think it's all about the execution. We feel very good about our position. Our position in the market, our position with our technology and product development. So but it's always -- we're always paying attention to what's going on from a competitive situation. So hopefully that answers the first question. The second question around the timeline, there's no timeline that I can commit to. I mean we evaluate candidates, internal candidates as well as Jim's in position and we expect he's going to be doing a great job. So I don't think we're going to miss a beat as we're going through this process so okay.
DaveNord: I would say that the meaningful amount of it is over. I think there are certain customers that we've heard are still working off some of their inventory. But we're not expecting that to have a significant impact. Although you will find some, at least we have found some distributors, who still have some inventory to work off. But the vast majority, I think I've gotten to the level those they that they want to be at.
DaveNord: No, I think we, what you missed is that we feel good about this year and you’re right, we are-- what we’ve been focused on trying to get ahead on those long-term targets. I wouldn’t say I am ready to advance those long-term targets. But if we can continue to do what we’ve been doing, we certainly think there should be upside to those targets as well. But that remains to be seen. We'll have better insight into that with another quarter behind us when we close out this year and see exactly how this year closes out. But certainly, the thing that we’ve been doing that is driving the focus that we’ve had on it, I think are leading us to where we want to be.
DaveNord: Well, I certainly the easier one to say is going to be positive is on the electrical. Just because of some of the challenges there, particularly in lighting. But I think power can continue to power through it, there are high levels but certainly we see the opportunity for those to continue to grow. So our objective overall is to --is with our focus on margin as well as growth and cash generation. That we're going to continue to improve on those.
BillSperry: Yes. We're seeing opportunities, Chris, in both, if you looked backwards, we've had a skewed towards power over the last five years or so. But as we look forward, we're seeing opportunities in both segments.
BillSperry: Yes. I think one of the pieces is the pricing and that layered in over last year and as we get to fourth quarter, we are anniversary some of those increase. And so you kind of lose the lift that comes from that. And then on the lighting side, we are anticipating some of that. We were down mid-single digits in the third quarter. So we're anticipating some of that continuing into the fourth and then strengthen the rest of electrical and certainly as Dave was saying continued strength in the power side.
BillSperry: Yes, no, I think, we've got two concepts right at backlog, which is even near-term and then a pipeline. And we're finding there's even a little bit of gray in between those as part of the pipeline starts to become very close to backlog and that's where we start to see that some 2020 volumes coming in. So there does -- it is lumpy by its nature of kind of large customers putting in large orders. And so you do -- if your question is, is there visibility to that there is and we feel confident about the forward look there.
BillSperry: Yes, I think it was -- it did not exceed our expectations. We had both volume at the legacy power systems products, which those dropped through with attractive incremental. We also had price cost, favorability. Continuing that price cost favorability I think is the essence of your question where with that will start to flatten out some of the pricing comps, for example, in the fourth quarter get harder, that probably is offset by maybe easier raw material comps, and then how that plays into next year. We're sort of hoping we can hold on to some of that benefit, but hard to have the same as you noted, sequential quarter-over-quarter kind of walk. I think the other driver ultimately of power margins will be from within Aclara. And as the previous question talking about some of that. Project pipeline and the more AMI kind of richness that can come through. And Dave highlighted in his opening comments, some of the AMI advancements on some piloting within IO use, as well as some larger deployments inside of the co-op world, start to suggest as that margin written, this richness come out that would help our margins as well.
BillSperry: Yes. So the tax isn't the same as we thought. The restructuring is the same as we thought. And we are absorbing the last OP of our divestiture. Yes.
BillSperry: No, I think you’ve seen, Steve, you’ve seen our inventory days improve which I think is a direct result of that. And to Dave’s point the way we’re modeling next year; we’re seeing a continued step down and improvement in inventory days. So I think that feels like it has legs to it to help drive as we’ve mentioned for long-term target.
BillSperry: Yes, your math is good. And I think when we consider the end markets, we’re incorporating some of the lighting into that, so it feels like our products and brands are doing just fine. I'm not sure that I would say there's a ton of share gain or outperformance, there’s been Dave made reference to the top to some new products that have done well some new introductions. But I'm not sure I have noted any great share shift.
