Dave Nord: Okay, great, thanks Jim. Welcome everybody. We’re pleased to report our first quarter results for 2014. You’ve seen the report out, we’re reporting sales up 3% and earnings per diluted share of $1.8. Tough stats for the year as you recall, we talk about with weather in January and February. So, we’re particularly pleased to be able to report finishing the quarter with sales up 3%. I think we saw things start to improve in March, at least getting to levels that we had originally expected, certainly not enough to recover all of what fell behind in January and February but certainly very good direction. And I think Bill will talk a little bit later about where we’re seeing that going in April and the rest of the year. You see we also had the margin expansion of 60 basis points to 13.8%, see that’s a little bit higher than we’re forecasting for the year. Half of that 60 basis points is coming from the benefit of some lower facility consolidation costs. But the other half, I’m very pleased with a 30-basis point margin improvement in the first quarter, particularly considering the headwinds that we faced in January and February. We also see that we’re reporting another couple of acquisitions that closed in April, one in the lighting business that’s strengthening our offering in some key verticals and one in the power business which is a natural extension of our bushings and switching. These investments have been a result of really the investments that we’ve been talking about we’ve been making in the resources for both people and processes that are allowing us to close five deals so far this year. From a market standpoint, we’ll talk a little bit more about it in detail later. But I think the tone in some of our markets seems to be improving, although it’s a little bit early. I was out last week at the IEEE convention with a lot of power and utility folks. And I was encouraged with what was generally a more upbeat tone that I think we’ve seen in that market. But again, it’s a little early. And I think on the recognition side, our Power Systems business, one item of note was recently awarded the 2013 Operational and Technological Excellence Award by Border States, which is one of Hubbell’s largest distributors and particularly one of our Power Systems’ largest distributors. That is a very distinguished award that Border States presents to a supplier, it acknowledges supplier to provide innovate state of the art business practices and quality services. So all-in-all, I’m happy with how the quarter finished despite a tough start to the year. Let me turn it over to Bill, and he can take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Dave Nord: Okay, thanks Bill. So, on Page 14, talk a little bit about our end-markets. And I’ll start on the largest of our end-markets, non-residential. And we’re still looking at that market overall growing 3% to 4%. That’s consistent with how we’ve seen it so far this year. I think all of our market assumptions are still being influenced by the challenging start to the year. And while things have started to recover, it’s a little early to make any major adjustments but certainly we see some dynamics within the markets that may end up resulting in some upside going forward on the non-residential construction. Little bit more bidding activity, particularly on new construction, which – we like to see, we’ve been relying a lot on the renovation retrofit energy efficiency in that market. On the industrial side, we’re looking at continued 2% to 3% growth I think on the harsh and hazardous element of that, we can have a bit more stability and improvement on the mining side. I think when we last talked, we thought that would be forecasting has to be negative, looks like maybe that will move to something flat. On the flip side though, on the high voltage, we talked about that occasionally and I know there is a lot of interest out there. We had been anticipating and we thought that we’re going to start to see some improvement in that particularly as we exited the year. That market serves both the OEM transformer business which wasn’t really part of the growth side of it, as well as the utility side and testing transformers. But that market is particularly biased toward emerging markets and that’s where we’re seeing a little more volatility than we expected. So we’re not sure that we’re seeing that we’d be exiting the year as strong as we thought. So we think that will probably end up being more of a flat market this year, improving, but not improving at the rate that we thought. On the utility side, we’re still looking at that and forecasting that at a flat basis. But as I mentioned, I think the tone in that market has improved a little bit. We often get the question around the impact of the winter weather on us and did we have any storm implication. And if you think about the weather this year, there was a lot of snow, lot of cold, lot of inconvenience. And so if you were a fuel supplier, that was good for you. If you were maintaining furnace controls, it was good for you. But our business that’s tied particularly to the impacts of wind and ice-storms, we can see that. However, what we do think is occurring is the utility certainly had the meter spinning to supply the power, the heat in that cold weather. And that’s providing some incremental revenue generation to that important customer base that we think is allowing their spending particularly on the OEM side of the business to improve. Again, little early, but we think there are some signs that that could be improving as the year goes on. And lastly, on the residential side, always been a good part of the growth element of our markets. And we think that’s going to continue. Certainly we see the forecast around multi-family and the renovation side consistent. I think on the single-family there is a little bit more caution as you see some of the statistics come out and as we get feedback from our key customer base, the National Home Builders, still positive, still be around 10%, as an overall market growth. But as I mentioned in the past, where we might have been conservative in our estimates at 10%, I think the 10% now from a market standpoint we feel is pretty reliable. So, all of that when you put it together is going to come up to an overall market growth of 2% to 3%. Please look at that, turn the page and look at that by segment. On the Power side, we’re looking at 3% growth for the segment, most of that coming from the acquisitions that have been completed. And on the Electrical side, overall growth including the market growth of 6% to 7% with acquisitions contributing 4% so, an overall 5% to 6% sales increase. Operating margin, we’re still looking at margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points that includes what we’ve talked about continually and I think Bill mentioned even in the first quarter, the implication of some of the new acquisitions and some of the margin drag that occurs early on, which we size at about 20 basis points. So, our core business still, targeting to improve margins 40 to 50 basis points. And the tax rate, we’re still assuming that R&D does not get reinstated and so we’ve got a tax rate of 32.5%. So, we’re happy that we got through the first quarter it’s on to the rest of the year. And we’re optimistic that with the trends improving that we’ll be on track to deliver on our expectations. So, with that, let me turn it back to Jim, if you want to field (ph) some questions.
Dave Nord: Yes, so I think Chris, to add to that I think if you looked across our three platforms, the diversity that we would deal with is, in our Electrical Systems platform, a lot of different businesses, a lot of different general managers and if you look at the businesses that we’ve been acquiring there, it’s really been across those different businesses. So, any individual business leader probably has a limit of one or two in the year. And that’s kind of how we look at it. So they will tend to be more in the Electrical Systems, on the Power Systems side that’s going to be kind of a balance between the number of business leaders there. And in Lighting, Lighting hasn’t been acquisitive over the last few years. So I think their capabilities and resources are more sensitive to these transactions. And so, we go a little slower there. So, I think very simply, you wouldn’t see us doing three or four or five Lighting deals this year.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think that’s right. I think that’s right. I think, in all cases the challenge is things are moving in the right direction other than the residential single-family being a little bit soft. We’re in the market very regularly and docking with investors. And our practice is to the extent that we have a little bit more basis, we’ll adjust our outlook. And right now it’s just a little early.
Dave Nord: Our order rates, we started the year down 6% on our core business. February was still down 1% to 2% and March turned back up 3% to 4%. So, you can see even within the quarter, we didn’t recover all of the January and February shortfall.
Dave Nord: In March, that’s the question. We think, certainly some of that has to be attributable to bit of a catch-up. And that’s I think the recovery from the first two months, it’s going to be extended, well into the second quarter and maybe even into the third quarter to get that catch-up going, so.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think we’re putting up 60 in the first quarter, I don’t think you would let us get away with 40.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: All right, yes, I just wanted to make sure because I know there is usually some level of conservatism incorporated into the numbers.
Dave Nord: Well, I think that we certainly saw recovery beginning in March and April that on the positive side, there is always a question of how much of that was recovery from things that didn’t get done in January and February. But I think the tone at the conference and the tone with some customers is that things were a little bit better there is a little bit more electric utilization, that’s generating some revenue. We’ve said all along and I think Gerben said, back in our meeting in February that there is work that needs to be done, it’s just funding it and when the electric use is down that makes for a tough model. So, the good news is when the meters are spinning, there is little bit more revenue to support the model in a positive way. But it remains to be seen we’re not – it’s too early to draw the conclusion on the improvement in margin in April, so.
Dave Nord: That’s one of those – it’s too early to tell because there was so much that was being held up in the first couple of months that – or we think you drive around and you can see a lot more activity going on. That’s the market assessment that we’re often making and you probably are as well so.
Bill Sperry: Chris, the price paid collectively for those five is just right around the neighborhood of seven times, which is fits reasonably well with our historical experience. The processes have been a mix of some competitive and some where we happen to know the owners and the owners had been looking for kind of partnership solutions to their ownership. And so, I’d say it’s a balance of those. So, very reflective, typical of how we’re pursuing our business development situations.
Bill Sperry: We haven’t found that number yet Chris, we’ve – as Dave mentioned earlier and as we’ve talked about – we have invested in terms of adding people. Our process has been refined over the last five years or so. Our integration playbook is more systematized. So, I’d say it’s easier for us now. And if we had a couple at the same time, we’ve proven we can do that. Now to I think the constraint is not necessarily just raw number but I think you couldn’t have the same operating manager, the same operating team doing two at a time.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the construction the weather in those first two months was particularly hard here, including resi. So, that’s where it was important to have some of the reno side of resi doing well to think it’s happening. And I do think that you guys are characterizing that right, little bit of catch up and now it’s time to see how the second quarter unfolds and how much – how that affects the rest of the year.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think it’s a good question Steve. You’re talking specifically about Bill Tolley, who had formerly been the President of our Power Systems business. And Dave promoted him to come join us here at corporate with a title of Growth and Innovation. And yes, his compensation does depend specifically on his performance. But I think the more powerful driver is that we’ve established strategic objectives for our entire operating team around incentives for finding and closing acquisitions, because I think we’re finding that that’s important that be kind of grass-roots. I think what we’ve learned is it’s not just two or three of us caring a lot about it. It involves having folks out there looking every day. As Dave mentioned, we’re at IEEE last week and you want essentially all your business units matters to be walking around trade shows like that, thinking about which of these companies would be good add-ons. And where would the fit be good and to be building relationships there is. So we have, yes we’ve created incentives at the senior level. But I think maybe more importantly we’ve pushed that down so that everybody is focused on it.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, non-res is holding its own okay. If you look into April orders as well, I think you do see a little of the strength and power that Dave’s describing. And I think you’d kind of call out power and I agree with Dave, it’s early, right. You’re only sort of 13 operating days really into April. But you are seeing the strength there which is, at this stage, encouraging us to tell you guys we think we can make up the minus 2 points to get to flat.
Bill Sperry: Yes, resi continues to show the greatest strength around that double-digit mark. I think in non-res, I think maybe Steve, a lot of people are waiting for the hockey stick. And I think maybe here in Hubbell management not even talking about hockey stick but that could single – mid single-digit kind of growth rate and kind of sustainable. And that would be good news for our business model. But we’re not here planning for that double-digit non-res right now.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Power specifically is proving to be competitive. And I think that we’ll try hard, we’ll try hard to get back to neutral there. But it has been a little bit of a headwind.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, great. All right, guys, thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that what we’ve been seeing is – if you had a transmission project, that was going to be a fairly competitively bid, the larger the kind of the project the more competition and probably the more price competitive that bid would be. And so, we’re finding it to be yes, I think price competitive is the only way you can describe kind of the Power Systems business for the last several quarters. And what we’re expecting going forward.
Bill Sperry: No, I think the bulk of it would have been found finishing towards – in towards Q1. So, I think your statement is right.
