Dave Nord: Okay, thanks Bill. Turning to Page 11, just talk about throughout, we're seeing some mixed end markets. With puts and takes across the portfolio but net, our overall market growth was tracking in line with our initial expectations overall. We've tweaked down our growth expectations across a few of the Electrical end markets, but we now see stronger growth for the full year in T&D. This is driven primarily by our legacy power business, Aclara still expecting to be in the mid-single-digits for the year. So going around horn, the Electrical T&D now 3.5%, while it was 3% to 5% it was 2% to 4%. Non-res 1% to 3%, same as prior. The industrial 1% to 3%, down a little bit with some softness there. Oil and gas, 1% to 3%, down a little bit as we've seen weakness in the first half and then residential 0% to 2%, same as the prior. So when we look at our outlook, we have -- which I said earlier, we are reaffirming our net sales growth of approximately 4% to 6% with our end market growth of 2% to 3%, a wrap around impact of Aclara in the month -- little over a month, beginning of the year adding 1%. No additional acquisitions contemplated in that and of course the benefit of higher price realization. We've tightened our adjusted diluted earnings per share to $7.85 to $8.15, and that includes $0.40 of restructuring and related investment. And as Bill talked about, we're raising our expectations for full year free cash flow conversion to 100% of adjusted net income. Certainly, feel confident in our ability to continue generating strong cash flow. Turning to Page 13. So you put this all together in graft form, continue to expect strong growth from operations. With some -- what we've heard was non-fundamental headwinds, incremental restructuring and a higher tax rate, still driving us to our outlook of $7.85 to $8.15. So certainly off to a solid start in the first half, puts us well on track to achieve our full year commitments. We're well-positioned with differentiated results, focusing on execution in the near-term, while at the same time, positioning us for future long-term success. So with that, let me open it up to Q&A.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think that with some point of sale data, Chris, we can see where end customers are buying the product and the channel is not restocking it. And so that happens with some with some cross-sectional data that we have. We could see that throughout the second quarter, steady diet of that. And if you look for example at July orders in some of those lines of business, you can see a pick up there. So, that's kind of the basis, I would say, for us thinking that, that improves slightly. I'm not talking about a market inflection at all, Chris, little bit cautious about overall growth. But it feels like dynamic will help us a little bit with a little bit more Electrical growth in second half.
Dave Nord: I think you saw a combination less of mix, but more of price cost kicking in, as well as you really do see the incrementals from higher growth in that business. So that really helps contribute.
Dave Nord: You know I would say as we parse through it, you start to see some strength in some of the public areas versus private, Rob. And really it's been the growth in non-res propelled by private. So that is a little bit interesting. We don't feel we have exposures specifically between institutional and commercial, and that swing us either way. I think the expansion is getting in the later innings. The spending is still at passing priority peaks. And so, it doesn't have the feel to us of a rollover as much as maybe some uneven low single-digit growth. So we think part of why we're putting some effort into, taking fixed costs out of our system to make sure we can get profit growth off of the low single-digit environment.
Dave Nord: Well, I think we certainly made a lot of progress in this business through some heavy lifting over the last few years. And we think there's still more opportunity to go in that business. Obviously, the market is sometimes not supportive of that. I think right now, it is. And we're certainly committed to continue to drive improvement in that business. So, it's been a important part of our portfolio and part of our strategy, and being important to our channel partners. That said, that like all of our business, always under review as its long term fit in our portfolio. But I think we’ve put a lot of effort into it, and I think they’ve been performing. And we certainly can see more opportunity on the upside for improvement in performance in that business.
Dave Nord: The power business is a good cash generator. They're actually quite efficient in inventory days, They've got some high turning product and some made to order made to engineer product and so -- and an efficient footprint. Their CapEx tends to be in line and generates a lot of productivity. So the yield on the CapEx is very good. So I would say within the power business, the size of the margins and sales growth that you saw, the cash generation is quite good too.
Dave Nord: No, I'm certainly not going to use that word that you used, I've banded. But I think we have seen certainly some project delays. I think that's created a little bit of volatility in the order book or release of orders. But certainly for the rest of this year, it seems like things are pretty solid. Again, not at the same growth levels that we -- the high end of our growth levels that we might have anticipated going into the year. But it's too early to determine what that means beyond this year for sure. But as Bill mentioned, we're certainly not at peak levels. So while we maybe in later innings, there's a question about how much longer and we don't see any storm clouds out there, if you will.
Dave Nord: I mean, the orders in the Electrical segment overall, have been lumpy. It depends -- we've -- and it's hard to really determine what's underlying demand over a short period of time, because you've had this issue of inventory in the channel and a little bit of destocking. And so in some of the businesses, you saw -- you might have seen a weak June -- May, June, and then it turns back up in July. So I think that, from our standpoint, is evidence of some of that destocking coming into play and timing. On other side, if you are on a project business, some of those project businesses have some lower order rates until those projects release. All indications are that they are going to release. It's just that they've been pushed out a bit. Obviously, there is always the risk that they don't. But we're not seeing that. We're not hearing that, right now.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that that is the single largest factor. I think other than that, Deepa, there is maybe a little bit of caution on the Electrical volume side. And that is offset by some of the confidence we have in power. But there's no inflection or headwinds, or risks, or things like that that we see.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the way when Dave went through the pie he kind of showed that we kind of kept the overall 2% to 3%. And that's really supported by stronger utility transmission distribution than we originally thought. And potentially at the lower end of both industrial, oil and gas, as well as some of the non-res. So the kind of nature -- the contributors to the pie change a little bit, but retain kind of the same level.
Bill Sperry: And we saw, just to add some detail underneath that, Rob. We experienced some modest growth in lighting in the quarter. It was really price, so quite modest volume. The volume was even shifted a little towards resin and away from C&I. But the business got price above material cost, such as the second quarter in a row of that I mean -- and a good sign of what Dave's kind of describing in terms of general health of the business and maybe running up lower volume higher margin business there.
Bill Sperry: So as Dave was doing in sense. If I did it in dollars, we're going to spend $30 million this year. We've invested $11 million of the $30 million. So we still have two-thirds, as Dave was described it as backend loaded. Those projects that will do that spending have already started and initiated. So it's not a question of things on the planning board. And the savings are coming through in some of the projects in the two year range. And so you'll see that we would expect over -- of the $30 million we're spending this year, we're anticipating getting $15 million of savings maybe not all in 2020 that might be spread into 2021. And we would have a similar profile of savings for the next 30 that we would spend in 2020. And so, I'd also say to the extent if Rob's question around is there somehow some softening coming that's a little more pronounced. I do think we would probably respond with some more restructuring and take more costs out if that kind of market condition were to prevail.
Bill Sperry: I would say that the first thing to note in the quarter was the balance growth between Aclara and legacy power systems, both at 7% organic. And to us, that's a very good sign of customer acceptance in the view that the Hubbell Power segment is providing a broader set of skews now to our utility customers. So we think that that's quite good news. The margins coming out -- and we would expect that to continue for the second half of the year. The margin since we've owned Aclara have been double-digits versus you see the legacy business is high double-digit. And that's been dragged down by the fact that we've had some difficult installation contracts and by the fact that our mix has been skewed more towards meters and away from the communications devices. And so as you talk about returns where we're going to see really positive equity story type returns, we'll come as the communications, the smart grid communications, sales crossover from the traditional Aclara customer, which has been the muni and co-op customer into the investor-owned utilities that's the core Hubbell power systems. And that sales cycle is going to take us a couple of years to get there. So that those -- having that it was kind of outsized equity returns, I think, is still in front of us awaiting that sales cycle to come to fruition. I would say, as we monitor that sales cycle, we're quite encouraged by the meetings that we get, we're quite encouraged by the customer feedback that we get. And the products that we've got seems to be -- it seems to be -- our expectations are quite high for what will happen as we go forward.
Bill Sperry: So we think the pricing environment stays intact. So we've got a couple points there of price. It's interesting as the second half comes, Steve. One of the more important commodities for us is steel, as you know. We're starting to see and expect some tailwinds from steel. And yes, we still have an inflationary materials expectation. So a lot of our components are still experience inflation, some of the resin side and others. And so as some of those pricing increases that we pulled, start to get lapped, I think we -- instead of that being a headwind, we're going to get helped by the commodity tailwind that will fill that that back in. So I think we'll see a steady contribution from price cost, even though the components are a little bit different.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Power was a little bit above that point we cited in the quarter and Electrical a little bit below that. The first quarter was actually the opposite dynamic. Electrical contributed a little bit more. I think for the second half, we'd expect power to be at the higher end of the half point we talked about and Electrical a little bit below that as well.
Bill Sperry: We think it is sustainable. We think that for our addressable markets, the largest contributor is the distribution that last mile and that spending was the strongest. It tends to be systems hardening and upgrades. They tend to be in CapEx, capital projects. And so as we look at orders and we look at backlog, and we talk to customers that does feel sustainable throughout the second half. The transmission side is a little bit smaller than the distribution. That's been driven by the fact that some of our largest customers are doing some projects. So that's helped move the needle. And the visibility on those projects also is pretty good. And so the second half feels very sustainable in terms of -- and that's why we really raised on the pie, why we raised the T&D growth outlook.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think, we -- those projects, as Dave's word of lumpy, is even quite applicable there, where some of the backlog we think will get spent there in the second half.
