Bill Sperry: Yes, you're in the right ballpark there. We're sort of suffering in the 2-point range, and it's a little hard to anticipate how long that continues. But, you know Nigel, the way we've ended the year, as Dave said, where it's a little bit heavier in the back half than the front. I think it's only prudent for us to assume that it persists, and that kind of precipitated some of our cost actions to keep being aggressive there, and manage against that. 
Bill Sperry: Yes, we really haven't seen the pickup sequentially. We're pretty happy that we've seen, you know, comparable sequential numbers for now a couple of quarters. But we really haven't seen pick up. I think, if the anticipation going forward is some of the larger mega-projects, maybe, are the slower ones to get turned on, and the spending is more by smaller companies, and I think, that would be okay with us. I think we'd still look forward to serving those.  Part of what we did during this downturn is, we adjusted our headcount, you know Nigel, to kind of lower our cost, and kind of make our decrementals kind of manageable. But the other thing we did was we actually put capital into the PP&E in that business, to try to increase some of the automation and be able to be more productive when that volume comes back.  So, we're eager to see some of those green shoots start to come through. But we didn't yet, in the fourth quarter. 
Bill Sperry: Rich, yes. You can see we finished the year with LED adoption in our C&I businesses, up around 2/3 now of our volume. So, as Dave said, as that starts to flatten, maybe that eases some of that tension. 
Bill Sperry: I think, Rich, the other thing your question's getting at a little bit, is, Dave described end markets of 2%, and our expectation of outperforming that slightly for the full year. We ended Q4 with flat organic markets, and so, I'm expecting Q1 to be a lower-than-average growth quarter for the year -- year over year. So just as you think about that -- so, that just reflects, too, on your January orders comment. 
Bill Sperry: I think a lot depends, Rich, on whether or not -- how the maquilas get counted, whether or not materials that cross the border -- how you count that. So, I think there's still too much variability there for us to give you good guidance on what will happen to us. 
Bill Sperry: No, Chris. I think, while through 2016, we were sort of doing that $0.08 a quarter to get to $0.35, I think you're going to see much more front-end loading here, as we're sort of more organized to get projects implemented sooner.  And so of that $0.25, I'd be thinking about first quarter being in sort of the $0.11 range, plus or minus. So more front-end loaded than sort of and even go at it. 
Bill Sperry: No, Josh, I think rig count is still a pretty good metric. You know the challenge is going to be that they're going to have to go through one sort of MRO cycle before we start to see that pickup. But we do know, that the U-shape of rig count during the year, ending December at higher than the average, is certainly a good sign.  We also tend to get -- the project side, you tend to get a little bit of visibility here. It's not as just, quick cycle book-and-bill, as some of the rest of our businesses. So, I think will be able to see it coming. And so that's why you see some of the caution in our guide, I think. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's too hard for me to predict it that way. If you compare it back to our most recent cycle back in 2009, you know, the oil prices came back so quickly, that you saw new rigs coming on. And so, our volume came back in a V, in line with that. So I'm kind of deviating from that prior cycle here, Josh, and sort of just needing to see that count start to be put to work, as opposed to a lot of new stuff. I think, that's why you're seeing us at that 0% to 2%. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, I think we've been -- as you add up sort of, our 2 1/4 year program, we're sort of in the 2-year payback mode, being about $0.45 on $0.93. As we taper to $0.25 next year, I think that goes to 2018, probably down to $0.15 to $0.20. And then, I think the way we're looking at it, that $0.15 to $0.20 is a perpetuity, right?  And because of our inquisitive nature, we think we're going to have facilities to consolidate -- independent of economic cycles, even. And so, we're kind of eager to get back to reported results. We think the adjustments help you all understand year-over-year comparisons, but I am eager to get that kind of constant $0.15 to $0.20 in the background and just being steady. But that two-year payback, you know, continues to look like a pretty good gauge for the savings on our spending for now. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. You're saying -- okay. I thought you're doing savings on the spending, but you're saying the impact on reported, yes. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. And with that 2 points, is that a gross impact? So is that gross price? I'm assuming you're getting some deflation on the inputs, as well. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then, just switching to the stipulation that you called out in some of the heavy industrial and energy-centric businesses. Can you just remind us, the roughly 10 points of oil and gas mix on sales -- or little bit less than that, how much of that is levered to North American lands business? And maybe you could just talk about whether you saw that pick up sequentially in 4Q versus 3Q. 
Nigel Coe: Okay, and finally, you referenced the mix pressures that you experienced through 2015 and 2016. Can you give us just some color in terms of how much margin pressure you absorbed within your Harsh and Hazardous business. 
Dave Nord: Yes, I'd say the decrementals that we experienced throughout 2016 in Harsh and Hazardous were in the 30% range. So it's a pretty decent drag for us to have to overcome, so that's why we're quite interested in that -- returning to a growth business. 
Dave Nord: I think it's a combination of both, but certainly a big element of it is on the florescent shift to LED. A lot of unit price differences in that market. And I think that's what, when you look at the facilities that we're consolidating, that's where the demand profile for the product that we were making, has really dropped off to make it uneconomical to continue to operate the two factories the way we were operating. 
Dave Nord: I think we certainly saw a pickup in December post-election, really across our businesses. I think that's consistent with what we heard from distributors -- what we've seen in other market participants. And, I think some of that -- as I've said, we always have volatility in the fourth quarter, depending on where distributors might stand on their inventory levels, on their incentive levels.  But I think there was -- certainly in my conversations, there was more optimism, similar to ours, about investment that would be occurring beginning in 2017 at some point. And, I think, we haven't seen, at least in most of our businesses, any significant drop off in January, which is good. That hasn't always been the case. We've had a lot more, in the past, volatility between January and December.  But, I will also caution that, whenever I say that, then February ends up proving a different dynamic. And, from our standpoint, we're just hopeful that a lot of the rhetoric that's going on around trade and tax doesn't start to put more caution in the market, prematurely. And, I'm really hoping that we're not talking about sloppy and choppy in 2017. I'll accept that maybe we're talking about the growth coming a little bit later, but not the volatility that we saw last year. 
Dave Nord: I don't know if I would characterize it as off-beat linearity, but that's maybe a good term. One of the things that we're -- in fact, I'm spending some time with the NMEA folks to better understand some of their analysis.  But if you think about it, lighting has had such growth over the last -- the lighting industry overall has had such growth over the last three to four years, I sort of analogize it to what we saw in the utility transmission business, where you had tremendous growth, and then at some point, that levels off, admittedly, at high levels of absolute activity. And so, begin to wonder whether that isn't something that could influence the lighting dynamic, specifically.  But the flip side is, the non-res market hasn't -- has had modest growth for several years, sans the lighting side, so I think that's kind of mitigating it. So, we're looking at our non-residential, non-lighting construction business to being more stable, but the lighting piece still being a little bit volatile. And it could conceivably be slower growth than -- for this year, than we've experienced, and than you might expect. I don't know if that helps, but -- 
