Bill Sperry: I think I’d also kind of comment more largely on capital allocation, as Maria mentioned. So we’ve been growing the CapEx, as I mentioned, at $47 million halfway through. We announced our dividend on Friday. We bought back about $10 million worth of shares in the quarter and anticipate doing more through the rest of the year. Maria mentioned some debt paydown and I think we got the balance sheet here poised to be able to invest in small acquisitions as well. So all of that cash flow and the state of this balance sheet, I think, are very supportive of us continuing our capital allocation strategy to support the profitable growth of the business. Page 13. Dave highlighted the end-market outlook and the fact that, essentially, each of our markets was performing closer to the top end of the range rather than the midpoint. So what we’ve done here is essentially raise the bottom point. So starting at noon, Transmission & Distribution was previously at 2% to 4%, we’re raising that to 3% to 4% here. Resi was 2% to 4%. We’re actually seeing positive performance there, so we raised that 5% to 6%. Non-res was formerly at 1% to 3%, raising that to 2% to 3%. Industrial was 2% to 4%, raising that to 3% to 4%. Oil and gas was 5% to 7%, raising to 6% to 7%. So the effect of raising effectively all of those bottom ends takes the end-market growth expected for the year from 2% to 4% up to 3% to 4%. So again, not necessarily acceleration that we’re seeing in the second half, but a recognition of strength that we experienced in the first half that we see, really, carrying through. So on Page 14, we wanted to revisit the price material cost that Dave had spent time at EPG in May discussing with you all. And we thought it was a pretty clear picture of the fact that, in the second quarter, the material cost headwind did increase on us, but you can really see the traction that our price increase has had in the quarter. And maybe more importantly, the traction that we’re anticipating those having to go into the second half to really create the price cost tailwind that we need to reverse, the headwind we’ve had in the first half. And you see the mentioned that we’ve excluded tariffs from this picture, and it’s worth discussing tariffs with you all. So when you start with Section 232, the direct impact on us was immaterial. And it was the indirect impact that really, we think, is one of the drivers of the red material cost inflation that you see on Page 14 and that, as you can see here, we’re offsetting essentially with price. What we see with 301 List 1, essentially, impacts our Power Systems business and our commercial and industrial business. The SKUs are switches and connectors and other areas. List 2 is largely affecting GFCI, which is in our Commercial and Industrial business. We’re reacting to those primarily with two levers, one is price and the second is supply chain realignment. In supply chain, you’ll see everything from us that we’re already in process of implementing from switching from China to other Asia, from China to Mexico and from China to U.S. And we are remediating those, both of the impacts of those lists. Right now, I would say that we are anticipating having order of magnitude of about $0.05 impact in each of the third and fourth quarters. And we’re striving very hard to reduce those impacts, but we are absorbing that impact in the guidance that Dave shared with you. List 3 is still something we’re spending some time analyzing. It affects our Lighting business, notably. And the impact of price – using price as a remediation lever there will be particularly interesting, as one of the factors influencing Lighting has been lower-cost Chinese imports, so it’ll be interesting to see if that’s a more constructive environment in order to raise price to offset that. So in tariffs, in short, from List 1 and 2, hurting us by about $0.05 a quarter. We’re absorbing that in our guide. And our objective for List 3 is to offset those impacts as well. So with that, I was going to switch back to Dave to talk about our outlook for the balance of the year.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So let’s start with your pricing question. I think it’s maybe a little too early to really see things, but we had about a point of drag. And that’s a little bit better than what we have been doing and – but was kind of in line with expectations, and so I think it’s still a little too early to tell. And I’m not sure, Dave, if we have much comment on the concept of dumping or not.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Our supply chain for Lighting, broadly speaking for residential, has a lot – a large percentage coming in from China. In terms of the Commercial and Industrial business, some of the componentry does, but really the manufacturing is done in Mexico and U.S. And so we want to keep analyzing List three, Rich, and try to really understand its impact before giving out too many of those pieces, I think.
Bill Sperry: Yes. If you’re saying is supply chain realignment an available lever, we would say that, that’s something we’re evaluating, yes.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Power, with that red and blue chart where we showed price cost, it shows the second half as having the price larger than the material costs. With Power, that’s really going to take until the fourth quarter for that traction to catch up, Rich. So I still think there’s going to be, in the third quarter, a little bit of the price cost headwind still within Power even though with Electrical you’ll see that flipping.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think 24% probably is feeling more in the range now that we’ve got the first half in our – in the barn here. So there will still be puts and takes, obviously, but I think 24% is a good expectation for us.
Bill Sperry: Yes. We sort of we’re happy with the first 600 basis point move. But yes, we’ll keep looking for opportunities.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The volume was modestly positive and the price was one point negative. And so you had basically flat sales for us for Lighting, but we did much better on the profit side of that. So that equation, I think, it’s better for us to be not maxing out on volume and instead being focused on where we can get the most constructive price
Bill Sperry: Yes. I’d say, the first half, the abnormality really was some outflows related to tax reform in the first quarter and paying some Aclara transaction costs. So I’d say, we were burdened by maybe $25 million of sort of onetimers. But for us, the seasonality of cash flow when you cut it by quarter, we have a very strong back end and the intention in a lot of that around collecting receivables at the end of the year and managing inventories down after the sales peak in Q3, and so this is shaping up, Steve. And it feels similarly so we’re talking target-wise of getting to $500 million of operating cash flow and 100-ish or so of CapEx. To get – those targets, we feel, are seasonally supported by where we are, but it was important for us to have the strong second quarter to get there.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think on the transmission side, these small and medium-sized projects, which is really good business for us. I think our brand is very well set up to support our customers doing that. And I think on the D side, it’s much more – there has been some construction supported by some decent weather. But a lot of it is kind of O&M and system hardening seems to be the word of the day to kind of strengthen those last mile networks. But for us to be growing kind of 5% organic is a very healthy for T&D, as you know, so that’s good news. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I assumed there’s no pun intended there, but I do think that you’re saying it the same way we’re looking at it. We’ll power through based on – but you’re right, there is some headwind from some big volume comps last year. But certainly, the way we’re analyzing backlog and looking at it. We’ll power through based on – but you’re right, there is some headwind from some big volume comps last year. But certainly, the way we’re analyzing backlog and looking at some of the pent-up demand, you would power through those comps.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Just last year, around this time, we’re kind of dealing with some cost inefficiencies as they were spending – as they were spending a lot and that certainly caught up with our operating performance, service, et cetera. And that’s all been remediated, corrected itself and we’re sort of operating at what feels to us very sustainable and predictable cost rates that have benefited now from those restructuring actions. So the margin expansion was attractive in Lighting and very welcome to come back.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So they – we were talking on Steve’s question about seasonality. Aclara, we anticipate we’ll have similar seasonality to Hubbell namely, very strong third quarter and better second half in terms of margin performance. We’re anticipating, for the year, that they’re doing sort of and towards the mid-teens of EBITDA for the year. For the second quarter, they were helping us with double digits of OP. And of the $0.54 that we added at earnings per share, Jeff, Aclara, net of the interest expense that we took on contributed $0.11 of that $0.54. So their margins are lower than Power’s, but a good contributor to our growth and our earnings.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think now we’ve got really five operating months under our belt, Nigel, and that feels better. So I think one of the drivers for them, we’ve talked about how good their volumes are. That’s been skewed, as David mentioned, to meters. If I were being a real picky, I’d rather have that volume be skewed to comps from a margin perspective. But given that underlying strength, we feel good about what they’ll give us for the year.
Bill Sperry: Well, we don’t have – we didn’t own it last year, so it’s not contributing anything but in that 18% of incremental acquisition growth. But compared to it, prior to our ownership, they had double-digit growth for the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Sorry. The mid – the high single-digit comment was to heavy industrial. So the light industrial, which is a higher portion of total industrial, is smaller. So I do think that, that heavy industrial piece is margin-rich for us, so we kind of watch it even though it’s a small percentage. But for us, this is a nice solid recovery out of 2015, 2016, first quarter 2017 of how industrial was performing. So we’re very pleased to see it doing what it’s doing.
Bill Sperry: We’ve been not seeing that. So for us – and I think we have a pretty broad cross-section there, but I’d say it’s been growing just fine from our perspective.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So starting on the top line, doing $500 million last year with double-digit growth, should get you $550 million or better this year. So that’s straightforward. I think on the component side, we are seeing the same thing and it’s lengthening out lead times, for sure. And it’s made vendor relations important, it’s made forecasting important and managing inventory in anticipation of demand has all become more important skills. But we have seen those components impacting lead time on the supply side, for sure.
Dave Nord: In the second quarter? I mean, I think all of our businesses were book-to-bill over one. So I think we saw strength in the second quarter.
Dave Nord: No. But I think that Bill made reference to particularly on List 2, big impact on List 2 is around Lighting products. And so I think that, that’s one of the areas that, in absolute terms, there could be a cost associated with it. But then there could be a competitive advantage because that would effectively, if in fact, there is evidence of, as you referred to dumping, then you would make the pricing more cost-competitive, make the U.S. manufacturers at least on even par. So that remains to be seen how that plays out, Chris. There’s a lot more to go on that, but that’s where I think a lot of that is going.
Dave Nord: Well, certainly, the backlog and the pipeline is still solid. I mean, we’ve talked about $1 billion backlog, more importantly, a $3 billion qualified pipeline. And that pipeline continues to be significant and we continue to get our fair share of that pipeline. So I think it bodes well for continued strong performance, the magnitude of year-over-year improvement. It is only July, so.
Dave Nord: No. I think one of the things, Jeff, from certainly the first quarter is the material cost headwind being more broad-based across – and affecting all the participants in the industry, so it just became commonplace. I think, early on, there were some participants who thought they might be able to hold price and gain share, and I think that lasted about two weeks until the reality of that material cost headwind hit. And then all of the sudden it was okay. We – I mean, we’re all in this. And I think that’s true for us, for all of industry. But I think the utility side, early on, had a little bit more resistance, as you call it. I talked about some people wanting their benefit from tax reform and all kinds of other interesting ideas. But I think the demand is out there, the reality of these cost headwinds is out there and so it’s been – I’m cautious to say this because Gerben would kill, but it has been a little easier, all right. To get it then, we certainly felt 90 days ago. So...
