Maria Lee: Thanks Nicole. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I’m joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2015 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investors section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company, and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release, and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures, and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Just one thing I want to add on that Chris, just for Harsh and Hazardous specifically. I think we are seeing more pressure on pricing on the project side versus the MRO side.
Maria Lee: Great thank you. This concludes today's call. I’ll be available all day for questions and thanks again for joining us this morning.
Dave Nord: Pricing is always interesting. I would say, overall pricing was negative. There is certainly some pockets that we are happy that there is a little bit of either price opportunity or price stabilization. To-date, we haven't seen any major price pressure. But that’s one of the risks as we look ahead but I think the industry to-date in just about all of our market has been relatively disciplined. 
Dave Nord: There really isn't a way to size that because there is a lot of variability depending on markets where there is activity, where there is high demand, where there is competition. So it's not-- there is no simple way to do that.
Dave Nord: Yes. I think right, what we saw in the quarter was in the middle of the quarter, we were communicating at that time, seeing some things that were concerning that have continued would have been -- would have made for a much more difficult quarter. I think some of that started to recover particularly on the Harsh and Hazardous businesses, so that was a positive and that give us. Had the mid quarter trends continued, I think we might be looking at 25 to 30 versus 20 to 25. So that’s the feature. I think important note is the thing that is most challenging and somewhat unique I would say against our normal seasonality is that our -- we're not anticipating the strength in the third quarter that you would typically see in a construction season. So, it ends up being -- and that’s what we're dealing with as we're looking at our revised guidance in the second half. Big part of that impacts the third quarter certainly relative to what we would normally see.
Dave Nord: Because particularly that’s where we are seeing the pockets of impact against what we have anticipated and what we've historically seen around, particularly around the industrial side.
Dave Nord: I think this is -- simplest way to think about restructuring in ‘16 is they'll be more. At this point I would say it should be -- it's likely to be about half but it could be more of what we have this year. So, if we do 45, we should be assuming 20 to 25 next year just because of I have got lot of projects that have been put on the list for acceleration which is the good news but they require a lot of evaluation and importantly an assessment of our ability to effectively execute that. So that’s one of the dynamics. I could see some of those potentially sliding into the latter part of this year because the organization is very focused on aggressively taking these actions, but only if we can execute them effectively and they have good returns.
Dave Nord: I think here is more restructuring to do that’s why the list continues to expand. I think particularly one of the issues around the oil and gas in particular Rich is we were dealing with this late last year when you had a precipitous drop to 40; what's the long-term view of that and recovers to 60 and now 50. Still a lot of question around does oil have recovered to 60, 70 or better, how long does that take.? And I think the longer that outlook seems to be, the more actions we have to take to get the core cost structure down. I’ve to be careful that you don't take it too far down if there’s going to be recovery because you’ve got to be able to respond. So that’s a little bit of what we're doing. So some of the things that are on the list before evaluation fall into that category. If oil stays at $50 and we think it’s going to stay there or go lower for an extended period of time, there are more actions that we're going to take in that business.
Dave Nord: No that’s part of the 20 now. And if we don’t to take it, I'm sure there will be other projects that get teed clear up particularly when we look at our facilities.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think that. It's pretty close to size of that. I mean I think there is still some areas but generally that’s right.
Dave Nord: I think it’s specific to the market where we had seen multifamily activity really being the engine on the train. And we still really like the single family dynamics which is kind of what you are describing. It is just that that multifamily is providing a little bit less as far as we see it. Our home builder clients are still positive. And so, to us, this still looks a very good market area, very good opportunity that we are excited about. We’re just kind of refining numbers in pretty small increment here.
Dave Nord: We don’t a specific target on that Nigel but your recollection about roughly 90 is a good number. And I would say that you have to look at that and we look at it in terms of at least something like 20%, so 15 to 20 facilities over the next -- certainly over the next three to four years. Again, keep in mind that as I had said, some of these facilities are relatively small; some of them have come through acquisitions and it takes time to get those under our belt to understand what they are doing in an consolidate them. I think where we can start to get some momentum is as we close some of these facilities and move them into the larger facilities or large or more efficient, I think the organization is starting to recognize that operating an efficient facility gives you -- the reward is that you get to get more business which makes you even more efficient and more productive because you get more volume in there. So I think there is -- I’m sensing a little bit of a race to demonstrate how efficient we could be, so then you become a receiving facility and kind of an existing facility, so.
Dave Nord: I think Jeff, just a comment, obviously I said the lighting business is doing quite well. And one of the things that I was spending lot of time on with the lighting group as well as the other, the leaders, it’s trying to make sure that it’s clear than -- we have a culture that the bad news flows up. And that we are not too optimistic and then subject to more surprise. So if there is problems, we spend -- Bill and I are spending a lot time with the operating team to make sure that we are getting them focused on. If there is a problem, the sooner we know about it, the sooner we can deal with it, the sooner we communicate it. And so that's really important because I think that was one of the things we identified certainly in the past that there was something that just didn't follow up on a timely basis to be dealt with on a timely basis.
Dave Nord: Yes, so over of 50% and that feels like it’s come a long way in just a few years but still the adoption rate continues, Jeff.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that you’ll recall Chris, we did a couple of acquisitions a few years ago. And recall that our power segment and we refer to them as utilities, 90% of our revenues come from electric utilities but there is 10% coming from other utilities like telecom. The enclosures that we make that hold some electronics and connectors are very common between phone companies, fiber build out and electric utilities. And so some of that infrastructures spend has been very favorable. So, it’s a small piece of the business but they’ve had a good growth rate, good order pattern and good product line based on some of the acquisitions we’ve been doing for those guys there.
Bill Sperry: I think if you start Steve with where we are exposed, right? We have non-res exposure in our commercial and industrial lighting business and we also have it in our commercial construction area that makes the RACO [ph] boxes that Dave was describing. And I think that if you broke it down, our first verticals cut is between public and private. And on the public side, we’ve seen a very nice stabilization over the last couple years. I wouldn't call it exciting growth but it has stabilized, may be growing just slightly. And I think some of the strength we’re seeing vertically there, Steve, is from the transport side. And on the private side, I would say the two -- where it is growing much stronger, I would say we’ve seen the best pockets coming from commercial and office as well.
Bill Sperry: I think Steve, you are shaping in properly which is a big effort this year, a large but smaller effort next and then should be starting to towards ‘17 get in to the repeatable annual level of activity.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the lighting team is doing a really great job. They’re doing a great job growing at what I think is better than the market and they are attacking this cost structure question. So, I think what Dave outlined there as kind of a two-year increase in efforts, I would think by the end of that period because the lighting guys from a footprint perspective are really doing a lot of the heavy lifting there, I think by the end of ‘17 you are going to find they’re going to have a lower cost structure that I think will be visible in the margins, Rich.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I don’t think you are detecting reluctant. I think the $0.10 this year and $0.30 next year is $0.40 on 50 and that’s little bit -- that’s less than two-year payback.
Bill Sperry: Your right to differentiate between the building investing is a little bit slower and people pay back is quite a bit faster.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think A, your math is quite good Nigel; B, I think you are thinking about it exactly the right way. I think as we -- we would love mix to be the fourth or fifth thing that explains our performance. And in a typical growth world where commercial were “outgrowing” Harsh and Hazardous and industrial, it would end up being quite a small number. But when you have double digit growth in one and double digit decline in the other, it’s creating that order of magnitude that you described. So I think what's important to get mix back into the background is number one, have the Harsh and Hazardous and industrial markets return to more normal growth levels. And then number two, as we were saying, as you were getting at all this building take out and cost take out to get the commercial businesses more profitable. And I think the combination of those two we’re hoping makes a small driver couple years from now.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think our days are up a little bit but I think we are being and trying to be thoughtful about where we are investing in inventories. So for example, there is areas of lighting where service and quick service, quick turnaround and quick filling of an order becomes important way to get volume. And so, we want to make sure that we are capturing that double-digit growth and supporting that business with an increased level of inventory.
Bill Sperry: And now we are up to 40, right on 45. So that next batch of 20 million had a slightly lesser but still very attractive pay off. And as Dave is describing, I think you guys are doing a good job of asking around how to size what will happen in ‘16. And I think the position Dave and I feel that we are very fortunate to be in, is Dave's over subscribed to his 45 this year and something like 20 to 25 next year. So, Dave is in a position of getting the pick and choose between projects rather than how would we, is there a project to do? So that payback, I am guessing will continue to be very attractive but probably be -- continue to get a little bit slower than that first 25 on 25.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say defiantly in terms of your first question about where the growth is around the business, I’d say resi is in kind of a mid-single digit level. Some of the national accounts businesses and specialized areas are not doing as well but the combined growth still very attractive. And certainly the warranty expense experience is right in line with where we have expected it. So we are very happy that the lighting guys are doing such a nice job of growing in but I think they do have the challenge of doing some cost, some heavy lifting on their cost structure which they’re going after pretty aggressively.
Bill Sperry: As you saw on our cash balances, we have put about $200 net of our balances to work. And as we look forward, you heard Dave commit to more share repurchasing which we think is a great use of our cash but I would say that our M&A pipeline continues to be an area of focus. We had a couple of deals in the first half -- we got off to a great start by closing three deals in January. And we had a couple that I thought were very high likelies in the first half that ended up going away and that was disappointing but the pipeline going forward is extremely active. And so I think we would love to put that cash in the balance sheet Mike as you’re describing to use on the acquisitions as well. I just don't want to -- I mean we mentioned the share repurchases and I think we are committed to that but I didn't want to lose site of the fact that there is acquisitions out there, that we would hope to do in second half as well.
