Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter results. Consistent with the first half of 2022, our third quarter result was solid. Our markets are healthy, our positions in those markets are strong, and we continue to execute effectively from an operational standpoint. Our third quarter results exceeded our initial expectations and we are raising our full year outlook to reflect a continuation of those positive trends throughout 2022. We are well positioned in attractive markets that are supported by long-term trends in grid modernization and electrification, which continue to drive strong demand for our products. Utility customers are proactively replacing aging infrastructure while investing significantly to upgrade, harden and modernize the grid, driving another quarter of strong orders growth and backlog build. The work that we have done to streamline our portfolio and the investments we are making in strategic growth verticals are positioning Hubbell for sustainable GDP plus growth as our economy becomes more electrified. From an operational standpoint, margin expansion in the quarter was driven by volume growth and favorable price cost. We have been active in pricing to address significant material and non-material inflation over the last 18 to 24 months. While general inflation persists throughout our supply chain, we have now started to benefit from easing in the portion of our cost base that is tied directly to certain raw materials. While the operating environment remains dynamic, we are proud of the way our employees have continued to effectively navigate through supply chain uncertainty to deliver on our commitments to customers. As we look to drive continued success on this front, I'm also excited to welcome Akshay Mittal to the senior leadership team as Hubbell's new operations leader. Akshay comes to Hubbell with an extensive operation and supply chain background across various industrial manufacturing industries, and we look forward to build on the strong foundation we have established while accelerating our efforts in footprint optimization, factory automation and supply chain resilience. Turning to Page 4. I would like to highlight a few of the key financial outputs of the themes we just talked about before letting Bill walk you through the results in more detail. In the third quarter, we achieved organic growth of 20%, adjusted operating profit growth of 37%, adjusted operating margin expansion of 190 basis points, adjusted earnings per share growth of 45% and free cash flow of $194 million. These results were driven by strong price realization and volumes, combined with easing material costs and effective operational execution. Overall, a very strong quarter for Hubbell and attractive results for our shareholders. I also want to turn to Page 5 and take a few minutes on two recent achievements, which really highlights the strength of our franchise in the electric T&D market and the work we are doing to support critical infrastructure needs of our customers. The first is our storm restoration efforts to Hurricane Ian and Fiona with our 24/7 Hubbell Emergency Action Team. Storms like these are unfortunate due to the impact on lives and community and they also put a lot of strain on utility customers to restore service and repair damaged lines. We are proud to support our customers in these efforts through a dedicated team that prioritizes these requirements and gets our customers the needed expedited materials to enable successful and timely restoration of service. This is a unique differentiator for Hubbell as we can fully utilize our industry-leading sales force, depth and breadth of the product offering and operational capabilities to effectively serve our customers when they need it most. Our people truly distinguish themselves during these events, which helps us forge long-lasting customer partnership based on quality, reliability and service. And on the topic of long-term customer relationship, we are also pleased to have been recently awarded the Annual Supplier of Choice Award by one of the largest investor-owned utilities in the U.S. This award was given to Hubbell for our strong service, not only over the last decade, but through the more recent challenging supply chain environment as our industry-leading scale and the investment we've been able to make in our business have enabled us to effectively deliver on our commitments. While strong electric T&D market growth continues to be a key driver of our success, we also feel confident that we will continue to outperform these markets as we reinvest to first to bolster our position. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Great. Thanks, Bill. And before we turn it over to Q&A, we wanted to provide some initial thoughts on our setup into 2023, and Hubbell is planning to deliver continued attractive results for our shareholders. While the macro environment remains uncertain headed into next year, we are confident that our markets are well positioned to continue outperforming GDP. In Utility Solutions, we believe there is still plenty of runway and above average visibility to continued growth driven by long-term grid modernization trends. In Electrical Solutions, we expect residential markets to remain challenging but we believe that the 20% of segment revenues exposed to our strategic growth verticals in T&D, renewables, data centers and communications should prove resilient to cyclical dynamics. Operationally, while commodity prices have eased, we are planning for general inflationary and supply chain pressures to persist. We will continue to manage price and actively drive productivity to come out net neutral or better relative to our overall cost base. We also plan to continue reinvesting in our business to deliver long-term growth and productivity. In Utility Solutions, we plan to invest in capacity expansion to service a visible long-term growth profile. As we have highlighted in the past, the inflection in T&D markets from a low single-digit growth to mid-single-digit growth over the past several years has caused us to bump against capacity constraints in certain key product lines. Looking ahead, we see a unique opportunity to further strengthen our position and better support visible customer investment plans by executing on high-return expansion and innovation projects. In Electrical Solutions, we plan to maintain elevated investment levels to support footprint optimization projects as we continue our multiyear journey as a unified operating segment with structurally higher long-term margin profile. The net of these early considerations for next year and acknowledging that there remains a lot of uncertainty is that we are expecting to deliver solid performance in 2023 and across a range of macroeconomic scenarios. We plan to provide a more detailed '23 outlook on our typical cadence along the release and discussion of our fourth quarter earnings results. With that, let me now turn it over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say, Jeff, the short answer to that is absolutely not. Certainly, I'm not going to comment on specific personnel matters. But as you look at the environment, generally, it's an environment in our organization, many organizations of higher turnover. And I would say that while we've lost people, we've also attracted very talented people. I think we're actually in a very good position. If you look at the strength of our business where we play the markets that we're in and the potential of this business as we look to bring on people and Akshay is a good example of that, they're very attractive to join a company like Hubbell. So, I'd say it's part of what us and many others are just dealing with, but we are continuing to be able to attract good talent to Hubbell and continue to develop talent within Hubbell. I'd say to the second question of is this somehow an indication on our strategy. The answer is no. And in Akshay's case, it's refilling, backfilling that position. There's a lot of work you heard Bill talk about particularly in the Electrical segment, what we need to do still on our footprint. But equally, in the Utility business as we look to expand capacity, there's a lot of operational execution in those things as well. If you look specifically at the strategy on our two segments, it's something that we started to put in place, if you recall when I was COO. It was a model after the Utility business where we proved that to be very successful in bringing all those brands under a common structure. So, I would say a couple of years into that. I feel really good where we stand. There's still a lot of work to be done. And even as I've spent a little more time with those GMs here, as I kind of overlook at that business, why we look for a new leader there. I'm really impressed with the talent there. And so I'm very bullish on being able to execute that strategy in unifying that segment, and that will lead to a higher margin profile for that business going forward. And I think growth that we're also seeing that we'll be able to get out of that by operating more as a unified segment. So reinforcement to my answer of no.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Yes. Great. Let me answer the first one and maybe hand to Bill the second question. Clearly, there was an impact of storm. I highlighted that in actually highlighting our team that really supports those efforts. If you look at the order impact, it was about $15 million, 1-5 million as a result of those two stores, that straddles a little bit. If you recall, the last one of those hit right at the end of the quarter. So that straddles a little bit -- two quarters. So certainly, there is always an impact to our business when we service that. As I've said, though, in the past, if you look at our overall business, it's less of a driver of growth than it is for us an opportunity to showcase to our customers. Why they do business with us? Why we matter to them? Because that's really where we shine is how we take an even during a time when our capacity is constrained, we really go above and beyond to service those customers with needed materials to rebuild the grid. So, a little bit of an impact to sales, but I'd say, more importantly, an opportunity for us to showcase our capabilities. And Bill, maybe, if you...
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe a couple -- another maybe addition to what Bill said is, we're managing right now in an environment where the magnitude of these changes are just much larger than what they would have traditionally both and how the cost is moving, how the prices are moving. And certainly, as we look forward, that's a little bit challenge. I would say our portfolio is generally well positioned to hold enterprise, right? We're a low percentage of the total cost of ownership, high cost of failure and that is it good for us. But on the other hand, the magnitude by which prices have moved gives us some pause to say that we'll be able to hold on to that no matter what. So it's that dynamic that we're trying to manage. I would say though, if there is some slippage of price, it would be associated with come down in cost, and we would still be able to manage to what kind of Bill said is net neutral or better as a whole. But I would say managing those pieces is a little tougher than it would have been in a low inflation environment for us.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think you're looking at that in the correct way, Tom. And maybe I'll take a step back and first start to say what happened in the last time we saw slow because that's actual data that we have in the business. And what we tended to see in the Utility business compared to Electrical that it lags the Electrical by a quarter or two and then the decline was shallower and it came out quicker. So I would say that, that -- and that was driven at the time, too, by the need to invest in this area, there was infrastructure investments that were coming out as a result of that slow and that really benefited our business. So I would absolutely see that the same way. And I could argue that it's actually intensified the need to continue to invest in this grid, no matter what the macroeconomic conditions are. Of course, I don't think it's immune from it, when there is depending on how deep and how long and whether it's a consumer-led or whether that goes into commercial and industrial eventually, I would expect it to be affected but to a much lesser extent. And I do see the possibility that you kind of explored of can you continue to grow to an environment that there's a scenario that I could see that happening.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So as we indicated in the press release, I believe this is an area where we're looking both internal and external. These are, of course a very important position on my leadership team. And I'm very pleased, both with the internal and external talent that we're seeing. I think an element of it is what I described earlier of that we're an attractive company. And I would say maybe we haven't always done the best job in describing what we do both to our investors as well as our employees. And I think as we get sharper and really highlighting why it is that were matter and what it is that we do. We find people interested in coming to join us. So, we are very active in this process right now. And I would expect that here in the fourth quarter, we will backfill that position.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, no, it's necessarily a pull forward. It's in our restructuring. We have -- and I think we've talked about this drug, the supply chain issues. It's put some pressure on being able to both manage our supply chain and do a lot of these projects. So, I'd say it's more a program -- a multiyear program that we have outlined that we see the ability to do more of as some of those supply chain issues are easing. I would say they're not gone because we're still trying to balance our time between solving those and continue to invest in what will set up this electrical segment well in the future. So, I don't know it's necessarily pulling from '23 that it is a program that we're seeing we're able to accelerate a little bit here as we go through the balance of this year.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your support, your interest and your questions on our third results and the discussion we just had. And we look forward to reconnecting with everyone again in the new year. So thanks again and we will see you in January.
Bill Sperry: The second half of Jeff's question was around Aclara visibility. And I would say, Jeff, the first nine months were challenging for us to see the value proposition of the solution of the smart meter have great resonance with the customer base have so much demand there and yet perhaps the supply chain struggle to support that has been challenging. So your question is now around visibility going forward, and there's kind of two dimensions to it. One is chip supply loosen up here as we've seen some demand for consumer electronics start to slack in and we think that will evidence itself. And secondly, we have been spending a lot of time trying to validate alternative sources for the technology, and we're making progress on that. And so between those two avenues, we're hoping by the time we get together with you in January to talk more quantitatively about 2023. We'll be able to give you a more quantitative assessment of that visibility. But it approves -- it appears to us to be improving. And I agree with your last statement that will be quite welcome to have Aclara a growth and margin contributor.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So let's maybe start with the pricing half of it, Steve. I think that -- there's a reasonably small percentage that is specifically indexed and it's been much more kind of working with our customers to get the price increases through. And so, I think about your question on stickiness, there's probably a couple of points of price that can wrap around next year and be part of the incremental sales. And I think that's supported by the incremental price experienced in the third quarter. That's maybe an interesting gauge of given some of that stickiness to the price. And certainly, to the extent we come up on year-end and is a typical time we talk to customers about program pricing and blankets and all that. So again, at the start of the year when we get together to give you our formal '23 guidance, I think we can -- we can be finer on what we expect from price. But from the actions and indexing amount that we have in place, I think we see towards a couple of points. And on the basket of costs, if we were to simplistically describe that half of our costs are materials and that the inside of materials, there's a proportion that's raw and we can all see those prices every day. And then there's a proportion that has some bit of value add. At the far end, it would be a purchase for resale item at the skinny year end, it would be some kind of component that's been assembled or has some kind of value add to it. And I think on the raws, to your point, super variable comes right through, we can all track that. I think on the value-add part of materials plus the non-material part of our costs sitting there at CPI of 8% inflation gives you an idea of the math that we're trying to move around and why we're putting so much emphasis on pricing, right? Because typically, if I talk to you, I would have set up a paradigm that we're trying to have price offset material and productivity offset non-material inflation. And in this environment, when that non-material inflation is in the 8% range, it's just -- I think it's asking too much to find that much productivity. So we've put that incremental burden back on the pricing side. And so as we kind of contemplate our plans for 2023, we're very focused. I think the exact way you're thinking about it of planning our cost to have inflation in a very significant portion, even though the raws are coming down. And so, we are trying really hard to retain the discipline, I think we found in towards the end of '21 and throughout '22 on pricing. And I think you're putting your finger on an incredibly important part of our operating model is to make sure we can price effectively for all these other costs that seem to be going in different directions with the raws going down and all the other stuff going up.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The top line Steve, we're envisioning in the normal seasonality range and that's a function of having fewer shipping days -- that tends to be in the mid-single digits, fewer days and therefore, the same effect on sales. And so, I think that the effect of that will be normal seasonal impact on margins. And so, it does -- it is returning for us a little more to normal seasonality.
Bill Sperry: Yes. It is largely lighting, but there are some other components that we sell to the DIY market through big boxes. So, there is some of the other stuff, but majority is lighting.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Lighting is a drag on the volume by a couple of points. And certainly, from a margin perspective, it is also a significant drag. So, it -- yes, ex-lighting margins would be larger and would be growing more because the resi margins have suffered as the volumes come down.
Bill Sperry: Look, I do think there's some timing involved in wind deployment, decision-making. Some of the policies are getting involved there. And it kind of gives Chris, I would say, a little bit brighter near-term visibility on solar and yet I do think the wins in the medium term still is quite positive. I don't see that as having any special kind of predictive and I think renewables is an area that's been driving really good growth for us. And for us, it's just a question of -- is there a wind in there? Is there a solar in there? And we would say for the foreseeable future, there's -- we see renewable tailwinds on a combined basis with wind maybe getting -- maybe it's the wrong way to say a little more tailwind for wind in the medium term.
Bill Sperry: No. As you observed, I think the costs are changing, coming back a little bit normal. I think they're little bit higher than they had been, but that will work itself through our chain, Chris. And so -- and you're right, it's a big variable to the business.
Bill Sperry: Well, there's benefit to that comes down then I'm not sure if you're looking for a net effect because you also have volumes coming down, which has a decremental effect. So you got -- you got a generally bad top line scenario and that kind of offset is in the COGS that you're mentioning, but the outlook is still is a little challenged.
