Maria Lee: Thank you, Ella. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2018 this morning. The press release and the earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore please note that discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Sure. So, I’m on the capital structure, Page 13. We typically show this page with two columns, current period and prior year-end. And this time, you can see we added a third column from March 2018 to highlight how much activity happened during the year with respect to the Aclara acquisition and repatriation of international cash. We paid off $160 million in total debt since March 31st and now have $1.9 billion of total debt outstanding. The strong cash generation that we just heard Bill talk about, but moving back some overseas cash has enabled this delivery and we expect to do more in the fourth quarter. More broadly, our capital allocation priorities remain the same, investing in high return capital projects, paying our dividends, which you may have seen our board increased last week, buying back shares. We repurchased $20 million of stock so far in 2018 and expect to do more and investing in acquisitions to complement our portfolio. Our balance sheet supports this capital allocation strategy. We ended the third quarter with $229 million of cash, approximately 94% of which was held outside of the United States. We also had about $100 million of commercial paper outstanding. Our four tranches of long-term senior notes all have attracted rates in the low to mid 3s. And we have a $750 million credit facility that backs our commercial paper program and is fully available. So, to summarize, we have a strong and a healthy balance sheet, capable of supporting our capital deployment priorities. With that, I will hand it to Dave to talk about the outlook.
Maria Lee: Sure, yes. So, I think you're right to identify that there could potentially be some pressure on the electrical margins. I think it will have less of the price material headwind. However, I think on some of the cost inflation dynamics, you know, Dave mentioned some freight, labor, things of that nature. We expect that to be a bit higher due to those trends. So, that would be offsetting the benefit that we would get from lower price material drag.
Maria Lee: No. They’re outside of it. So the bars are specifically material cost, so commodities and price. And so the - what we go into our productivity cost increases or cost inflation bucket that the cost side would have that wage increases and freight and that stuff.
Maria Lee: And so, we had talked about, if we just back up, List 1 and 2 being a net $0.05 or nickel of headwind in each of Q3 and Q4. So, that's still true, the gross number is larger than that, but we offset it with price and other productivity and cost initiatives. So, that's for that List 1 and 2. When you add in List 3, which is what the current guide now contemplates, that is where you get another dime in the fourth quarter, and that's the result of a 10% tariff. When it bumps up to 25% as of January 1, that will increase the cost for next year. So, the $0.10 is up for a 10%. So, it would be a higher cost next year based on List 3. You'd also, obviously, have the wrap around impact of List 1 and 2 that we didn't have in the first half of this year. So, to your point, I think we're going after price, we're going after it now. We're putting productivity measures in place, so that we'll start to see the benefits. But I would expect that the compares on the tariffs get easier as we go through the year. But there will be a bit of a step up in Q1 that we are already starting to mitigate now.
Maria Lee: Yes. So, Steve, Dan and I will be available all day. So, if - any follow-up questions, just reach out. Thanks for joining us today.
Dave Nord: Well, I think - first, Chris, I think I would say that the price pressures have lessened as a starting point. And I think it's starting to turn to more of a positive. We’ve seen some elements, and certainly, we've seen some benefits in pockets where we've been more disciplined, as I mentioned, we're not going to sell it for, and we're not going to give up the margin. And we've actually been able to realize that. It’s just having that discipline. And I think that's reflective of the broader industry things that you've seen in broader price increases I think starting to stick certainly in pockets. So, I hope that's a positive sign going forward. It's still early, but I think we've seen some positive signs.
Dave Nord: I think the way - and you're right. I think 232, Rich, had an indirect impact very heavily on Power where they're using a lot of steel. As you think about List 3 I think the biggest impact on us will be on residential lighting. But there's also impacts on plugs and receptacles and some of the basic hardware parts from Power Systems. So it'll affect other areas as well.
Dave Nord: Yes. So Legacy Power, you're right. They continue to get price and they continue to have inflation. So the way it's progressing they're squeezing, they're squeezing it down very impressively from being behind it. And so, we're probably starting next year being able to catch up. But as we end the year, they’ll still just be a little bit behind.
Dave Nord: I’m not sure what you mean by less relevant that - it’s certainly more challenging with the tariffs. I think that’s still our objective to work and have a path to get there. It certainly will be a different path than when we spoke earlier in the year pre-tariffs. So, does that mean it's still in the cards? It's a question about how we're going to get there. And the one wildcard will certainly be the entire pricing environment. We’re obviously not alone in there. But as I said, we're working to develop other paths to offset any price shortfall that will exist including more productivity and changing sourcing strategies and the likes. So, I wouldn't say it's – it’s still relevant in our mind and in our objectives.
Dave Nord: I think - Steve, I would add to that. I mean, obviously, we’re always looking and evaluating our own operations as well as our communication. And certainly, that's one of the things we're continually trying to evaluate market reaction against true performance or against the price. Or is there something that’s not understood? And so we’re constantly trying to make sure that we are being as transparent as we can be on the things that matter so as a better understanding, and we minimize the surprises that can be avoided. As Bill mentioned, my crystal ball wasn’t any better than anybody else's in oil and gas, and it's not any better on tariffs. But yet, we’ve put stuff out and we're very conscious of you know working hard to do what we say. And that's the challenge of managing the things that we say, that we know. And if there's something that comes up that surprises us, we hope it's only because it has surprised the entire market, and that it’s unique to us. But we can always get better at that, and we're constantly working on it and welcome your input on those things and…
Dave Nord: Right. It's a fair comment, and there is. And you're absolutely right. I mean, it always comes back to the ability to effectively execute to make sure that we can continue to provide the level of service to the market that they expect. As you know, Jeff, and you've followed us for a long time, that hasn't always been the case, and the price of that misstep is meaningful and more long term. So, we just want to make sure that we are disciplined in those things. But there's no doubt that that's one of the things and presumably that's what you heard in your discussions with her that she’s identifying these things. We're rallying around to make sure that we can do that sooner than later.
Dave Nord: No. I just think that when we talked about the nickel impact in the third and fourth quarter, we were really only talking about List 1 and 2. So the dime is now just the quantification of that. I think, importantly for the regulating business, the industry is basically structured with similar supply chain, right. So there's not competitive advantages or disadvantages in terms of costing due to tariffs. And so I think part of underlying while we're saying that we believe the industry will react to the same way. But there's not new things Jeff, popping up at all.
Dave Nord: No measurable. I think the thing that will create a little bit of potential volatility is any order activity in advance of tariffs or in advance of price increases for next year. We've seen some pockets of that. But that's - we haven't seen any - we haven't seen any indications of underlying weakness in demand at this point.
Dave Nord: No. I mean, that’s - we have mechanisms in place, Jeff, that - because that’s a fairly common thing even with the minimal price increases that sometimes are put through on an annual basis on blankets and on catalog. So, there's gates around that. No, we're not going to allow that.
Dave Nord: Yes. I mean, I think we've observed that tightness, and we've been trying to manage our ordering of components in our relationships with the supply chain accordingly. So, I think that you can see it potentially affecting lead times and whatnot, Joe. But it's something that we're navigating.
Dave Nord: Yes, I'm not sure that there is extra margin that comes from that. But as I said, it's - you're right to point out that that’s - there is a constraint in the supply chain there.
Dave Nord: I think they're overall, they're pretty balanced. I think they have been running lean. You’re right. They've had their ups and downs. But as I mentioned before, we are monitoring closely any loading up that might be occurring at lower prices. We haven't seen any big examples of that but that's one that we're monitoring. I mean, I think we're - there were certainly a rundown early in the year. I think there was some restocking midyear. I'd say from what we've seen, it's pretty balanced right now.
Dave Nord: That's correct. There's nothing - they’re certainly pre-buy volume that's in there, but not meaningfully because we won't look - that’s where - we manage that. If it did occur more than we would anticipate, and I'm not expecting that, that would obviously be upside to it.
Dave Nord: Yes. I mean, it's impossible for us to get in the minds of how policy could change going forward. I think what we feel confident in is our ability to manage what's put in front of us and, as Steve was kind of asking, to be prepared for that. So whether that’s moving supply chain around and getting in to more favorable country locations, which we're doing, we're spending an awful lot of time on the price lever. There's productivity lever. So we're going to relentlessly attack whatever inflation we get. And - but, no, we haven't tried to quantify the bigger what if that you're talking about.
Dave Nord: I mean, I think you're right to point out that the demand for their smart grid products is very strong. That's a good thing. Their business tends to be built off of pipeline and kind of lumpier longer-term contracts. And so, the price lever tends to be out a little bit more rather than what you're talking about which is offsetting next quarters' implications. So, I'd say that - it probably doesn't work as a price offset the way you're discussing it.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we've seen so far in our first year of ownership is the Aclara suite of smart grid products and service is in high demand. Our customers need it and we're pleased to see that there is a very, very good growth within that. We've seen the margins improved during our ownership. And I think it's - again, as Dave kind of said, as we give guidance in January, I think we'll be more explicit about answering your question. But the first part of your question I think is very important that the demand for the smart grid product is very good right now, so that should help us in 2019.
Bill Sperry: That's the right way to think about it. There's no question. I mean, it's important to recognize that it's a big number. And so as I've been saying, we can all do the academic math of 25% and what that is. Trying to get that through in pricing, it’s a new normal for the market. And particularly when you've been coming off years of very modest low inflation 2% and all of sudden you're coming in with big increases. And even when it's relative to the material content, you still end up with 10%, 15% increases in a product cost. That’s not insignificant. We're all hopeful that at some point there's a little bit of moderation, but we all are working as if there's not going to be because to-date, it hasn't been. And we don't want to be surprised. We can always back up, but we don't want to be playing catch up. So, that's an important element so.
Bill Sperry: I think Steve it's just it comes in different ways, right? So, as you price to get the tariffs, once that flattens out, then as that wraps around, you get the benefit of having price for it even though you're catching up. So, it comes in not as smoothly, I would say. That’s how we're looking at it.
Bill Sperry: Well, I think if you're talking about, did we see the oil downturn any better than the rest of the market, I’d say I don't think we did. But I think the other stocks that were exposed to oil had the same degree of surprise. I think the way we've managed tariffs as we've been trying to be transparent with you about how we price for it and it takes this quarter or so to catch up. So, we think that those processes are seeing that stuff. We are reacting - we reacted to the oil downturn with a big $120 million restructuring plan. And I think we feel good about kind of the cost that we've taken out of that. Some of the lighting business challenges we've used to restructuring to take cost out of that. And it got to the point, Steve, where that business is now expanding margin and much more stabilized. And so now tariffs, I agree with you in managing price and inflation is the new normal, as Dave was saying. And we think we're tracking that well. We're trying to communicate with you all. We've been doing that since, I think, the first quarter. And so hopefully the communication you guys feel is transparent enough.
