Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Now for a quick summary. The markets have been more favorable than we had initially expected. We have been facing strong upward pressure from commodity prices that have required us to take pricing action across our portfolio of products. Our belief is that these actions already taken will allow for the second half of the year to turn positive and bring the price cost equation into a more balanced position for the year. The result should be a 50 basis point improvement in margins that will result in record EPS results for 2011. So in summary, we are pleased with our positioning. We have a vibrant new product development process. We are focused on lean manufacturing methods and we feel more important to our customers than ever before. Despite construction markets being at or near bottom, we are poised to deliver record EPS performance in 2011, so as growth returns there in the future, we are optimistic about adding value to our customers and our shareholders. Thank you for your attention and now we would be happy to take some of your questions.
Tim Powers: I would say that we always are considering that and I would say that we’ve done some share buybacks at this point and it is decision by the quarter Chris, that’s all it is, so it’s just something we’re looking at and if we have got better use, which means acquisitions, we would go to that first.
Tim Powers: I would say a couple of quarters. It takes a while really to get the word out to train the channel on the selling process around this, but it is a product that we’re very excited about and it’s something that would work well for instance in schools and institutions and government buildings that you can preset lighting levels to for instance, classrooms and with a couple of settings turn the ordinary classroom and it’s something that’s considerable energy savings without as we describe a lot of extra labor to connect the controls to the lighting fixtures.
Tim Powers: I would say that the stronger markets have followed the traditional path of increasing strength month-over-month and remained as we said, a little bit stronger than we had anticipated going into the quarter, which is why we have raised our guidance on those markets and the new construction non-residential side, both commercial and resi are weaker than we've thought they would be, and I would say in the category of stronger is in the LED side, which continues to be growing at a terrific rate. So, the stronger getting stronger month-over-month just following sort of the construction cycles and the weaker markets are getting a little bit stronger, but still on a relative basis, reflecting all the numbers you see about them.
Tim Powers: I would say that there is certainly a weakness overall in the C&I market on the new construction side and the projects that are there are centered around institution, government, and they are much fewer as you can imagine based on the macro statistics than you would like to see. On the other hand, the re-like side, the major industrials are really paying attention to energy consumption and spending the money that it takes to upgrade facilities, and these would be, Fortune 100 names that are going facility-by-facility to do the right job on that. In addition, there are some projects on the government side from the stimulus, which are relighting some fairly large buildings too, but the paybacks that’s the cost of energy is rising certainly more attractive every time.
Tim Powers: No, it goes through the normal channel. It's specified by the lighting agents that go through distribution almost always.
Tim Powers: Nothing that had any significant effect in 2010. We did have some price increases late in the year that we are targeting to have effect at the beginning of this year, and I'm just talking from memory, now I don't remember anything significant.
Tim Powers: It's increasing. It's a very active market right now and so, a lot of these have been in the pipeline for some time and now there is action beginning to be taken. So, we are quite pleased with the prospects of that market even into 2012 as we can see.
Tim Powers: We don't usually get very specific about that, but I can tell you anecdotally that a significant increase on the transmission side of our business is coming from these projects and that the number of awards we have received in 2011 are definitely much higher than 2010, and what's in front of us is also active and we've seen your list of projects and we're tracking every one of those and some other ones that are quite small, but that are important to our customers and we think we are doing pretty well in terms of winning our share of those.
Tim Powers: Well, I would say that part of it wasn't planned on their part and that there were some extreme whether in widespread parts of the country that has really had utilities doing repair work beyond what they had intended to spend, and they are not finished with all that work, I mean some of it as you know, when you get storms, you get things up and do it quickly, but not in the finished way you'd like to have it. So, I think part of it is these widespread storms, but I think there is more repair work to be done behind it. So, I think really it has lifted the whole market this year on the distribution side in a way that the utility customers really didn't expect to spend, but are having to spend. And the other side of it is, with the summer, the way it is starting, the revenues are much stronger due to the heat. And so, I think they have the cash to come up with these expenditures. So, the distribution side of utility is stronger than we expected it to be just three months ago.
Tim Powers: Okay, I could take a few vertical segments and say that the auto industry as you know is producing more vehicles and we're seeing them spend more capital and as a result, that's good for any number of our products that are supplied to that industry. The energy side, both the oil and gas side and the mining side are doing well due to the prices of those commodities and the strength there is pretty impressive. On the Burndy side, I would say they have enjoyed some of the ramp up of those markets as well as I agree that there are some very positive synergies on their revenue from joining the Hubbell family.
