Timothy H. Powers: Okay, thanks Dave. Just to kind of summarize where we are in our markets for 2012, its consistent with what we said going into 2012, and what we said again in our investor meeting that the market trends in the industrial and utility areas of our business continued to be strong, but not as much of an increase as there was in 2011 over '10. I think the positive development is that the residential market, we believe it’s beginning to move in a positive way and that could help us certainly over the near-term. I would also comment that certainly the external world market and the volatility surrounding Europe is something that we all have to keep an eye on, but we’re not acting in any different way at this moment. We’re continuing with our focus towards the areas we can improve in our business and just keeping the watchful eye on developments outside of our control. Just to talk a little bit more about capital deployment, we have a certainly a very sharp focus on increasing our investment in new product development, certainly around areas where technology is changing that is new resources of light, new types of control of lighting, certainly areas where intelligence can be added and feedback loops added to some of our products for instances in the smart grid. And this has led to the need for us to shorten the life cycle of our traditional products and invest more in a shorter time period in several categories of our businesses. If you look at where we’ve been investing outside in terms of acquisitions, we completed two acquisitions in the fourth quarter, one in the first quarter and just completed another one, now none of these in total are huge, but on the other hand they are important little additions for us and we think we paid somewhere in the area six times EBITDA for this an we believe that its contribution to volume and to margin will be accretive to Hubbell going forward. So, what we would like to make larger deals and we're very much looking to do that, there is some, there are some out there and it’s just dependent on the traditional things that affect those transactions which are, willing seller and something that allows us enough space to add value to it in our portfolio. So I think Dave said the right thing here, reiterating the Investor Day is we’re trying to grow the total volume of Hubbell and at the same time, we’re trying to add 50 basis points of margin to our business and we know that that margin addition will not come exactly at 50 basis points a year, last year we came up 20 basis points short perhaps this year we'll do a little better, what happens to volatile materials cost and we don’t have this clear view on the second half of 2012, yet to be more confident to say more. So we are continuing with our game plan, our strategy is set, we think we’re pretty clear about 2012 at this point and very focused on getting those jobs done. So with that, at this point, we’d be happy to take more questions from you.
Timothy H. Powers: I would say the, we have a lot of possibilities, but this is a business where you need to have book the orders let’s say on the large systems six to nine months ago. And we understood that this first quarter would be a little lower than the previous year. The demand, world demand is out there for these products, the 800 KVA the DC transmission of high voltage current, all reasons why the demand for these products and demand for transformer and cable facilities will continue. So we are optimistic that particularly 2013 will look better. Right now, we’re expecting our 2012 to be in line with our guidance, which is good, but not at peak levels where it has been before.
Timothy H. Powers: I would say you have to look back when you talk about price versus cost as you remember most of our businesses and particularly power were running more cost less price last year until the very end. And now I would describe where we are is somewhat in a period of catching up. We are raising prices in some categories in the industrial area in selected categories in our utility business, where if you look on a year-over-year basis the cost of materials is higher and particularly the cost of energy is higher than it was. In the categories, where market conditions are weak it’s not impossible to get price it’s just more difficult.Brent Thielman – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks guys.
Timothy H. Powers: Yes, we’ve talked about that before and we think the government stimulus spending on public buildings and the ability for state governments to raise money to continue to spend is declining, that whole category is declining and the good news for us is we’re beginning to see and it is just the beginning of the private sector increasing their investment. So for me these are the very, very early signs of the beginning of a turn in non-res. But I don’t know want to over sell it like in the next quarter or two you’re going to see an improving non-res market I think we’re bottoming, I think certainly what helps us is the relight and retrofit category which the payback numbers get better and better. So, I think that’s our short-term benefit.
Timothy H. Powers: We are doing business with some of the largest customers that there are in this space. The people that own their buildings and facilities and we are doing extremely well with them. So we’re very pleased with our retrofit and relight business and also the continued growth of our LED lighting business. So those are all chugging along at very healthy growth rates.
Timothy H. Powers: I think the spread, tends to go down because it’s a year-over-year comparison, its still positive but in the diminishing amount, but obviously that, and there is two dynamics that we focus on there, one is trying to hold that the price increases and make sure that we maintain that and as I have talked about in the past that’s not always as easy as when commodity cost moderate. So we’re carefully watching that. The other is always the volatility on the commodity cost and I think, you’ve got a dynamic that for example if copper stayed its current level, while its positive over last year, but the fourth quarter it would be negative because you had a big drop.C. Stephen Tusa Jr. – J.P. Morgan: Right.
Timothy H. Powers: I think we’re looking at a long slow turn just as we’ve seen in the residential side of the business. And the impediments to improvements are similar to what they are on the residential side. There is a need to refinance a lot of debt on the non-residential side. So, I think it will continue to trial the uptick in the residential market by 12 to 18 months as it always has and if the length and duration of this recession are continue to be what they are I would say it would be closer to the 18 months. So there is a hopeful sign on the residential side and I think what we’re seeing is that little bit of swing back to the private investments on the non-res side, which to me is something that is a precursor to an improving market.C. Stephen Tusa Jr. – J.P. Morgan: Right. Thanks appreciate the info.
Timothy H. Powers: Sure, well if you depends if you’re focusing on the entire electrical business or you’re focusing on the parts that we operate in, which is connectors and components and roughly about half of the market. So within this space we operate in, we feel because we’re focused on the North American market that we have ample scale to succeed and while we have a lot of opportunity to grow in that market and we said we’d love to be twice the size of what we’re in North America and we feel the advantages of that accrued to stronger position in the channel and so on. We are quite comfortable where we are and the fact that we’re not spread over the world at our size is a good thing and this is a business that is primarily driven by North American Standards, the products are primarily made within the market and sold within the market. And so we see ourselves as the second largest producer in North America in our space. So we think, we have a number of economic advantages, we’re quite pleased to continue to grow, the way we are and there is two areas that we would like to grow worldwide, and that would be the harsh and hazardous businesses and our utility business. And our utility business we have North American Standards, and we would love to have the IEC type products in the same product range to go with it and in the harsh and as it is you have also two standards and we would love to have the European, more of the European Standards in our basket of products but I believe we are well positioned in the space we’re in, in a part of the electrical business that is primarily a local business. And I think we have the scale to succeed and grow exactly where we are. So we’re quite comfortable with our position and we think we’re focused in the right areas of growth and staying within that component and connector space in the core markets we know.
Timothy H. Powers: We’ve always said that we are focused on being a brand oriented company and what is important to distributors as they have those powerful brands that mean something to industrial or non-residential construction consumers of the products. So why you can grow your breadth of your product, you need to grow with the key brands that are important in our marketplace. So we are always after those names that add to our portfolio as we were, when we purchased Burndy that was a tremendous acquisition from the point of view that it made our lineup more attractive to distributors because it was Burndy not just because it was anybody. It was the market leading position in a space in the connector and component business. There will always be a place on the other hand for low cost imports at those places in the market, where it is a price only feature, lowly valued space. I don’t see that winning any more market share than it has in the past. Because most manufacturers in our space have added our products that compete with those low first price product. So its important about what you add to your lineup rather than just be bigger.
Timothy H. Powers: I’d say materials are readily available with a couple of exceptions, I would say the industrial usage of silver in some of our products is somewhat an issue Rare earth as it pertains to the entire electrical business is expensive. And not always easy to find, but generally speaking there is a very good availability of materials and nothing that I would point to that impairs our ability to deliver more product even though in some cases, we are having to invest in machinery and equipment to expand individual product categories we still have ample room in our plan to do more. And we would love to do it, we have more capacity on second on third shifts. And so we’re more than happy to accommodate an increasing and healthier market. Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, and just back on this deal you characterized it as small but I think, I think it was $42 million just thrown out so that is not tiny obviously. Give us a little more color on what it is you actually just brought.
Timothy H. Powers: Sure. It’s a product line called JMAC, it is a outdoor weather proof boxes, it is a similar category to our Bell brand that goes with RACO. It will sell to DIY and electrical distributors. It’s got significant intellectual property with the number of patterns around these product lines. And we think that it’s a very nice addition to our box and fittings business, which we have not added on to for a long time. So we’re very pleased with that we think there is an opportunity to leverage it although again it’s relatively small addition, but very we look upon it very positively.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then just finally was there any meaningful FX impact in any of the segments in the quarter? I guess no, but
Timothy H. Powers: Sure. I think some of our improved business in distribution maybe the good weather that allow more crews to be out and about. We’ve seen the necessity as I explained on the transmission side for utilities to improve the reliability also on the distribution side. I'm not putting any big positive effort for thoughts behind them changing their spending pattern relative to electrical consumption. But they know there is areas, where they need to improve reliability and I believe there is spending on that. The international part is certainly first keyed round transmission lines. So if you look and we’ve talked about, Brazil as one area, where there are some large projects actually happening to bring power from the northern areas of Brazil down to the large cities in the south. Some of those power lines are 2,000 miles long and will lead to large quotations on transmission type products that we supply. Asia is another category another area with a rapidly growing population and rapidly expanding cities. And getting the power into those cities is an ever more are pressing need. So, it would be the transmission that leads it. And rural electrification would be kind of secondary one. So Brazil has spent and is spending money to get more electricity to the areas that haven’t had itself on a country-by-country basis that can be a factor also.
Timothy H. Powers: I’ll give you a couple of thesis there. The overall business was up low single digits, really driven by the residential market in the multi-family, C&I business that was obviously lower the relight, retrofit as we try to capture it in the businesses that we have that focus on that either specifically or if you look at the products, that was continuing at the 20% growth rates that we have been experiencing. So that would tell you that the other parts of the C&I business were flat to slightly down.
Timothy H. Powers: Okay, we’d like to thank everyone again for joining us this morning, certainly if there are any follow up questions, you can reach out Bill Sperry or I, will be around today and tomorrow if there are any follow ups. So thank you again for joining us.
David G. Nord: I was just looking at their volume but that’s really one of the challenges there across the business but particularly in the Electrical segment, with some of the cost headwinds, pension being one, but also some of the other costs and areas of investment and it wouldn’t be surprised that some of that hits the Electrical segment particularly the lighting business where you’re making some investments on the technology side.
David G. Nord: Well, we would hope to have better margins in every quarter but certainly that the seasonality is a pattern that we can’t avoid with construction season so second and third quarter will give higher volume which generally give high margins, but I don’t expect any significant change from historic pattern.Deepa Raghavan – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it, that’s all I had.
David G. Nord: No, nothing meaningful, yeah.Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right, thanks a lot guys.
