Tim Powers: Let's turn to page 18 in our outlook for the remainder of 2010. In the residential markets, we expect to see 5 to 10% growth, while we recognize that some of the recent monthly data on housing and home sales were disappointing, we believe that these are bumps that should be expected along the road to recovery that should provide us with growth for years to come. For our utility market, we expect modest single digit growth and the second half for us should be more favorable as we will comparing to last year's soft levels when utilities were grappling with declining demand. They all have also done cost cutting and are in a more solid financial position. That said, the transmission project works continues to get pushed out as it appears that rate cases in front of local TUCs are meeting with uniform resistance. The strength in the industrial markets should provide us with mid-single digit growth this year. Many of our core served markets and manufacturing sectors will do better than that, but our harsh and hazardous and high voltage test business will dampen those games. Non-residential construction is our largest, most diverse market and is proving difficult to predict. While private buildings starts are expected to remain weak, the benefits of some public spending and the growth provided by retrofit projects are providing some counterbalance. Therefore, our outlook for 2010 has improved. The net impact of this outlook from Hubble's end markets combined with expected new product development and market share gains is a fairly flat sales level on our base business, but will lead to a 4 to 6% growth when we include the incremental contribution from Burndy. Now, let's turn to page 19 for some concluding comments before we take a few of your questions. The return on sales growth is a clear positive for our financials. In addition, our strong focus on productivity will continue to drive margin expansion. These improvements will be needed to overcome the negative cost price environment we face. The net result is growing top line with margins expanding by at least 1% of sales. So, with that we would conclude our presentation and be happy to take questions from you.
Tim Powers: I would expect the third quarter to be like it traditionally is a little bit higher than the second and the fourth quarter to be a little bit lower as we end the construction season, but probably a little bit more revenue in the first and total.
Tim Powers: I don't really have any specifics on that, but certainly we continue to look for our typical acquisitions. We have quite a few opportunities we're looking at now. You just can't tell if you can get those done or not as is the typical story, but I really don't have any comments on specific to your question about larger combinations.
Tim Powers: I would say we would expect to see a little bit on the stock side, whereas you can expect with volumes, word is it's kind of tough to get much in the way of price on projects, but we're trying. I think our margins in lighting and just about every single one of our brands has improved and part of that is some small incremental pricing. But I would say the larger the project, the tougher the price environment and I would also characterized the market as much more public sector than typical. So, again, on the private side of non-res, this is very tough side of the market.
Tim Powers: We believe that that will continue through to 2011. As you know it took forever to get this started and I think there is the best of intentions to spend the money, so I think the benefits from that will continue on for the next 18 months.
Tim Powers: But let me just go back and address the pricing. The pricing really on our part, really never reflects our inventory accounting practices, but more the real inflation and of course, we see that inflation immediately because of the nature of our accounting. But going to market and trying to get the recovery for cost increases is something that we do as we see it. We have completed all of the price increases that are – we intend to have which I believe are May, June and July. Power systems being the July 1, so we have attempted as best as we can given the weak market conditions to recover the commodity cost increases, but as you can see while last year was a positive, this year is still a little headwind, which we expect that price will moderate a bit as the year goes along.
Tim Powers: I would say that when we're talking about transmission projects, we're talking about 2011 and we're optimistic that even with some of these delays that enough of these projects will get approved so that 2011 on a transmission side at this point, looks like a stronger year than 2010. But there is a battle when economic situation is difficult for PUCs to allow utilities to execute their plan on a timeframe that the utility would like to do it. So, I don't think that we're seeing shelved, I think we're just seeing a slowdown in the right of approval and lengthening in the process it takes to get through these approvals in a very tough economy. So, I hope that answered it.
Tim Powers: It is and certainly that leads back to the discussion of the ballasts story, where the ballast associated with new high energy efficient for us is really what's in short supply because the demand has accelerated at a significant rate and the manufacturers and suppliers are just having a tough time keeping up with it. So, that's just an indication of the ramp up there and I think it's only going to improve from the levels that it's at. I think that the new sources of fluorescent light combined with electronic ballast and the rapid expansion of LED lighting and the controls that are added to its older systems really present a positive opportunity for our company as we look forward.
Tim Powers: That Jeff would be – that's a number that I couldn't give you because we don't track it that specifically because some sales happen directly from the distributor and would not be on a project where we could keep score, knowing where the end location is.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yes.
Tim Powers: But I can tell you that the general numbers that you see about to decline in office construction would be very reflective of our market share decline and that's our volume decline in that side.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay. All right, terrific. Thanks a lot.
Tim Powers: A lot of improvement in wiring device, some improvement in lighting. So, I mean a strong contribution from just about everywhere.
Tim Powers: I'm very pleased with our lighting business, still in the difficult market it faced. We expect that its margins will improve year-over-year in line with 100 basis points that we talked about for the average. They're doing a great job of reconsolidating their shrinking their footprint to the size of the market. They've gone through a number of product, re-designs to take cost out and as our progress lighting business makes the turn, it's already performing significantly better on the margins side with very little volume increase. So, it's got a lot of upside potential if we can just a little bit more volume from the market.
Tim Powers: We're not really sorting it out between one segment or the other, but I would reiterate our objective, which were approaching now, which is 15% operating profit over a business cycle meaning that as we get towards the upper end of the business cycle, we would exceeding that number …
Tim Powers: And I would say right now, our performance is very good because we prepared for market that's worst than we're seeing. So, we have reduced our cost substantially and now, I think you're seeing some of the incremental profit start to flow as volumes are just a little bit better than we anticipated. So, I think we're performing very well and I would expect that to continue with volume that were forecasting for the second half. So, I'm very comfortable where we are in a very low market. So, I think we're quite happy. 
Tim Powers: Example, we've implemented a number of price increases May, June, July, we would expect below the average realization due to market conditions.
Tim Powers: But any help there would be beneficial. Further in the third quarter, we're seeing some moderation in steel prices, but a lot of volatility on the other areas like – just when you think copper is beginning to go down, it goes down for about a month and then spikes back up. So, it's a lot of moving around and up significantly from a year ago at this time. So, also when you're thinking about and calculating your performance for us in the second half of the year – you'd have to remember that last year in the third quarter, we had a huge benefit from low cost of commodities and also in the fourth quarter, we had the LIFO inventory benefit. But I would still expect quite strong performance for us in the second half of this year.
Tim Powers: They are following the normal seasonality because it really doesn't matter where you're doing the construction; you're still having the typical calendar of the construction years. So, we would expect coming from a low first quarter to much better second and typically, a little better third and then back down in the fourth, so that kind of typical cycle, we would expect to see.
Tim Powers: Well, in the utility side, you have – you can announce a price increase, which we did on stocking materials. But you have a number of annual blankets where you really can't modify those prices until the end of the year. some other blankets we have commodity indexes in them, so as commodity cost involved in those specific products move up and down the prices due to, so it's more muted on the utility side, but it will be helpful. On the electrical side, if we look at lighting, like I said before, really tough to get much on. The way of benefit on a project, a little bit on the stock, but if you're business is down around high single digits or 10 percent of something like that, tough market conditions are hard times to get price increases. Some of our other things like where we've been increase price on wiring device and that we will pretty much get all of that. So, it's a mixed bag. But like I said before, you take it on average, is a little bit below what we would realize. So, if you announce three to five or something like that, so you are targeting 4%, you would expect to get 2.5 or 2, you might get 1.5 to 2 that's the kind of expectation we would get with about a quarter lag because we're sitting with a lot of quotes there and you don't always re-price every quote in this time and you're sitting with at least a month worth of backlog at previous prices. So, a little bit help as the third quarter rolls out and more help in the fourth.
Tim Powers: You would say that our businesses if you know them by name ICD and Gleason are showing improvement, with strong improvement in operating profit and above the average. Our high voltage test business, when we talk about it being down, it has been on a long run peak cycle. Now, what are these high voltage test equipment go is into the construction of transformer, plants and cable facilities, cable producing facilities for expanding infrastructure around the world and this business is the standard, the market leader for all producers and we have been on an extraordinary high run and it's now coming back to just what I would call very good. So, even though it's down a little over the previous year, its margins are quite north of the average in the electrical business. But just because we don't have as much volume it's a tambourine effect but still performing excellently.
Tim Powers: I am confident in the second half of the year on industrial markets. The reason I am is, I believe that the auto industry will continue to produce for the second half of the year at a run rate of north of 11.5 million, which will provide a big chunk of the economy to continue to perceive with growth, probably if you're comparing quarter over quarter, certainly not the growth rate that you would have seen in the first half of the year, but still a pretty healthy growth rate. I think the demand for capital goods as we see that happening through our supply to various sets of machinery manufacturers, computer manufacturers is been very, very good and their backlogs are in pretty good shape. The areas of concern for me would be certainly harsh and hazardous and I think the story around the insecurity cause by our administration and politics is more or less a constant over the year. So, I don't really think it's going to contribute more negatively in the second half than the first. So, I think we're pretty much on steady slow improvement in the U.S. and in Canada. And I'm convinced that the moment that the blip in the second half that's predicted will not show up in the end markets that we serve, and maybe on the consumer side, but certainly, non – just think of the levels that we're at. We're at very low levels of operations and all these markets and I don't see or don't predict or don't forecast that happening.
