David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Thanks everybody for joining. I am just going to give a little bit of perspective on our finish to the year then I’ll let Bill in the normal course go through some of the details in the fourth quarter and full-year, and I’ll come back to wrap it up and provide more insights into our outlook for next year. Fourth quarter results as you have seen I am quite pleased with the performance in the quarter, particularly as we are recovering from the challenges that popped up in the third quarter that we knew we are going to face for the rest of the year. The organization certainly focused on finishing the year very strong and I think we see that in our – at least in our fourth quarter results good improvement. You see we’ve got sales up 5% in the quarter, nice balance between the organic side and the acquisitions contributing and I think some of our markets in the quarter were particularly good and our performance in those markets, particularly on our C&I Lighting which was up double-digits in the quarter. Our Power business putting up some good organic growth numbers are two positives. So I think that’s good and of course acquisition contributing. Currency we saw some of the currency headwind starting to creep-in the fourth quarter. And we’ll talk more about that later. On the margin side operating margins of 14.9%, which certainly down from last year, but better than we were anticipating as a result of our focus on addressing some of the issues identified and that 14.9% includes some of the restructuring actions we talk about that, process about 50 basis points. So all of that leading to diluted earnings per share of a $1.38 which has $0.06 restructuring cost, so all-in-all I am pleased with the recovery from the challenges that we identified in the third quarter and the actions taken and we’ll talk later about the action that are in process of being initiated and planned. With that Bill, why don’t you get into some details and then I’ll come back.
David G. Nord: I would say all of those things are what we take into account as well as what others are seeing, we are accessing our own business. We think our business is probably 75% upstream. As I said earlier, I think we started with a very simplistic oil down 50%, so the business could be down 50%, but that’s probably, that’s overly simplistic depending on where we play. We had conversations with some customers, but that they are all coming up with different views depending on their own perspective. So I think we’ve come up with the likely scenario this 15% to 20% down keep in mind we didn’t see that didn’t happen in the fourth quarter, we are not seeing that level of down so far this year. So and I suggest that we are contemplating that there is a more significant decline as the year goes on more to the tune of potentially finishing the year down 25% to 30%. And it’s important and the reason we are doing that and listen I might be conservative, I hope I am, but it’s important that we are focused on what the implications are, so we are taking the actions that are possible and necessary to try to medicate that within the business and throughout the rest of our enterprise, so.
David G. Nord: I would say Nigel, the most helpful analysis I thought we did with going back to 2008, 2009 timeframe and looking at what prices did and what impact that had on our sales and that was probably the most informative of the different techniques that you described.
David G. Nord: I think what we saw - to me this is like a two level ratchet on Harsh & Hazardous for us. So in 2014, the business shrunk low single-digits Nigel and in so doing I think lost some of that price power that it had and the margins went from great to good and that was part of what Dave described as maybe forecasting miss on our side during the year of 2014. And so now we’re trying to anticipate steeper volume drop offs and that we don’t have current data as Dave was saying, the order rates are not consistent with down 20%. So we are sort of making some anticipatory guess work here.
David G. Nord: I think the acquisitions Rich would be around 30 basis points in margin contributing to margin decline.
David G. Nord: It’s definitely not all in lighting I mean it’s really although there is a significant element within lighting. And I think it’s we are trying to execute it, the key is to execute it effectively. And the best way to do that this to would ratably throughout the year, that’s the ideal it doesn’t always look that way. So I think we are planning on it happening that way but it may slide between quarters.
David G. Nord: I think that certainly we had our challenges and disappointments currently in the third quarter and the second half of the year. One of the things that comes out of that is clearly a wake up call to the team at Lighting, which they are responding incredibly well to. One focusing on the issues that specific issues that came up, but more broadly some of the other implications and one for example when we talk about the pricing pressure and what you realize is that some of the pricing pressure is not so much the market pricing, but our attempts to try and get price to provide a margin with a cost structure, that’s not acceptable. So it’s more of a cost issue than a pricing issue and so that’s why there is much more aggressive action going into the cost side and particularly around the facilities. What I find satisfying is that in a short period of time from feedback from a variety of market participants from suppliers to customers. They have commented that they have seen a change in attitude and approach, much more aggressive, much more customer focus, much more thoughtful in a development of new products and the engineering around that. So all of that are indicators to me that we’re moving in the right direction and it’s just a question of how quickly we can realize the benefits of that. So it’s still early, but I feel a lot better about how that business is moving right now.
David G. Nord: Well, the thoughts are it’s got to be better. There is a lot of focus on it and I think it’s a challenge within the industry as new participants with new technology have come in and offered up these wonderful warranties. And that’s all fine the reality is if there is going to be a problem with a product it’s going to be early on and it’s going to be caused by poor production or poor design and that’s where our focus has been, identified root cause and have addressed those and are much more focused on that consideration in product launches. And the challenge is to make sure that that doesn’t unduly slowdown the product launches, so you fall behind, but you just take that into account in the development process. So I certainly expect that to be an improved performance I don’t to size that amount yet, but I’m hoping that that provide some of the tailwinds for the lighting business performance in 2015.
David G. Nord: Yes, Ryan, so the fourth quarter as Bill said the transmission and substation were little bit stronger. I think some of that has to do with the timing of shipments of some of the lumpier transmission projects, again we’ve talked a lot this year about small and medium size projects and I think a few of those broke free in Q4 I wouldn’t view it as necessarily a significant uptick in underlying demand. I think some on the substation I think there was a little bit of push at the end of the year to do some maintenance on that. So we got a little lift in Q4. I think as we turned to 2015, I think our guys feel pretty good about again the pipeline of small to medium size projects and actually have cautious optimism that some of the larger stuff might actually come through, but again get you still to a 1% to 2% growth environment as we talked about, Q1 would probably be a lot stronger right, pretty easy comp and then it gets tougher as the year progresses.
David G. Nord: I think its too early to call on that, I think it is when I look at one element of our cost structure which really is our footprint, the cost to shrink that are not insignificant. And I think it is possible that we get the momentum and cadence down that we would be more aggressive on that. That’s not to say that $0.25 there would be another $0.25 incremental, but that certainly could be the level of expenditure next year, it’s possible. But again it’s too early to tell this, I wouldn’t say its all – all right go ahead.
David G. Nord: I think one of the drivers Steve, the success of our acquisition programs means you are adding facilities and not each one of those is a world class or global scale kind of facility. As you kind of aggregate those it creates these opportunities. And we have been doing those in [1/zs and 2/zs] kind of year-in and year out. And I think the acquisitions program is starting to outstrip that. So that’s really kind of what’s behind it. 
William R. Sperry: We tried looking at that Rich and we weren’t able to come up with an equation that would be satisfactory to you or to us.
William R. Sperry: I’ll take that Rich, that is an ongoing conversation now we have and its a certainly an ongoing discussion sometimes debate with by Chief Financial Engineer and economic guy. And one of the issues that we are always pushing on and it’s my strong view is that I’d understand the desire to do that, but if I’ve got a choice my priority is on acquisitions which have the opportunity for earnings growth going forward. So and as you saw we closed three deals already this year or little over $125 million. Okay, so as we are finishing the year we do ramp up share buyback, but we know we’ve got some of these transactions that are close to closing and that’s always the debate that we have when we are looking at the pipeline what’s likely, but that is an ongoing discussion and if there are an opportunity other alternatives, good alternatives we would ramp up share buyback.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I would say starting with lighting Chris you know we had really nice growth rates on the C&I side we had the resi business along with some of the other national account facing parts of lighting have very lumpy demand dynamics were big orders last year some destocking on some of those projects this year which created some more difficult compares there, but you saw mid-teens growth in C&I inclusive of doing a deal and more or like 10% organic. And so very strong dynamics within lighting from a market perspective and I think trends that give us enthusiasm as we look into the New Year for lighting I think on the resi side certainly some of that data keeps coming in and mixed and some of the homebuilders are giving I think some more modest sort of outlooks certainly Texas market or things that might be over exposed to the oil space seem to be more cautious than others. But in general I think we still the resi support is good for lighting. So, in terms of your geography question, so domestically that non-resi piece is essentially for us – essentially all domestic. And that’s where we saw some of the decent growth. Some of them are more international facing businesses are Harsh & Hazardous and high volt which both was down I think maybe the exception would be our utility business which has got some exposure down in Latin America and in Asia. But in general, if you are generalizing you would say our domestic growth was strong and our international growth was negative.
William R. Sperry: Ryan that comes on larger jobs where there is just more bidding pressure, there is reasonably high percentage of that business which is maintenance and repair and it’s not on that side, it’s more on the project side.
William R. Sperry: No, so we’ve got about 70-ish is oil and gas, another 10% would be mining, you’re up around 80% that’s extractive industry Steve in that order of magnitude.
William R. Sperry: Yes, it does Steve that’s a good point I mean the way we’re thinking about it for oil and gas is really down more or like 20% to 25% for the 75% of Harsh & Hazardous right.
William R. Sperry: Existing the year slower but certainly nowhere near those levels and as Dave said Q1 you’ve got some projects that you know are finishing out through completion so Q1 probably won’t be at the best indicator for how this things going.
William R. Sperry: But yes, so as Dave said I think the back half is what we’re going to watch those 25%, 30% kind of numbers.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I mean as you can appreciate Steve its moving everyday but certainly the major commodities that we have are pretty good as you know the challenges is on the pricing side. So but absolutely the coppers, the steels all should help.
William R. Sperry: It is embedded, but I wouldn’t embed a net benefit of pricing commodity cost rise. So at PFR it’s moving quite a bit everyday, but I wouldn’t view it as OP side.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I would say it’s somewhere between that. What I believe is certainly for some portion of it the benefits could be greater and so in theory you could get $0.25 more next year. And still be able to pay for this stuff, but what I say is its still very early, but some of them – there is early cost, but tremendous benefits when you do these things, if you can do execute them successfully and that’s always why it’s a little bit more cautious to get to that point.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, so that kind of dominates, it sound like you have oil and gas down 50% and other markets flat I mean it really kind of dominates the segment from that perspective.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay gotcha, gotcha. And the one last question, what it is on just on the bridge what exactly did you say the core was – did the core plus acquisition add this year from an EPS perspective I didn’t quite catch that.
Charles Stephen Tusa: So in essence, it’s kind of somewhere between a big one-timer and kind of a multi-year restructuring story, kind of somewhere between that. I guess.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, we appreciate you running this stuff off through the EPS guidance; because there are lot of companies that adjusting strip some of the stuff out. So thanks for the visibility in running that through, it’s a more honest way to approach it.
