Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: Thank you, Jim.  I'd like to frame a little bit the year of 2012. I think it represents in a little bit of an economy that got softer as the year ended, very strong and improving performance of Hubbell overall.  While December was slightly below what we anticipated and therefore our top line in the fourth quarter was a few points lower than we thought, overall the year was an excellent year. And as you can see in the fourth quarter, our cash flow got us to equal to net income just as we have done for many years.  Also, we concluded an acquisition in January and the pace of those acquisitions has quickened in the recent past. And we're pleased with the steady progress we've made over the last few years and committed to continue that improved performance into the future.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave for his comments.
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: Well, I think, Drew, that it’s – it would be fair to describe our objectives as having a conservative balance sheet. We like to be able to have liquidity on hand to support our investments and we’ve enjoyed a nice conservative balance sheet that has served us well in times of cyclicality. And so I would expect – I don’t know that I’m going to define that for you in terms of debt to capital or net to cash or whatever, but I think you should expect from Hubbell a conservative balance sheet. 
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: Yes, Mike, it’s really the level of activity around project discussion and project bidding that gives an indication that things will start to bottom, it’s just the timing of when those start to get, you know, converted into orders and they really step up. 
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: Yes, I think our outlook in ’13 for transmission would be in low-single digits, Noelle. And I think that the international piece of our power business, which has reasonable exposure to Brazil and to a lesser degree, locally in China we actually have some more favorable views of that international potential versus a more challenging ’12.
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: The impact of Sandy is not so much on pricing, it’s actually just the mix of the products, the nature of those products. We do not raise prices on products, you know, in a crisis, we actually deliver – the standard price of those products generally have a higher margin so you do get a larger benefit there. 
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: You know, I think we would give you the consistent story that we have, which is as the components, the LED components themselves become cheaper to us, we would expect to be passing that through to our customers in order to continue to drive the adoption rate. So like I said, for the year, we hit 17%, the quarter was at 20%, so you can see that continued trend upward and we’d like to help facilitate that change. And as a result of that, our expectation is that that transition is margin neutral on a SKU by SKU basis. 
Tim Powers – Chairman, CEO: Great, okay. That concludes today’s call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today; certainly feel free to call us if you have any follow-up questions. I’d be happy to take those today. Thanks again. 
Dave Nord – President, CEO: Yes, Chris, that’s really – it’s really broad based other than the high voltage and some of the industrial sector, but really all of our businesses are up in January so far. But again, that’s, you know, three weeks into the year, so a little cautious, but I like the trend so far.
Dave Nord – President, CEO: Yes, certainly – I mean, that is – the magnitude of the weakness, you know, in the last couple weeks, we had the situation before with I think some of the things are unique, there’s a lot of uncertainty we’ve talked about around the election and fiscal cliff, and I think that had an impact, and I’ve heard that from customers on buying habits, but it’s difficult to quantify any of the things individually, but collectively it was very concerning. So, just being a little bit cautious coming out, but I – there’s early indicators that it should be a positive year. 
Dave Nord – President, CEO: No, it is still in part of the relight and retrofit, they’re still energy efficiency and application because there is a cost element there.
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yes, you know, Rich, we haven’t seen much effect, and the majority of the distribution side of our utility business has a – is really driven off of maintenance and repair which for us has sort of a GDP kind of like feel, so when Dave was walking through that piece of the pie, you know, the D is driven in large part by the maintenance, but I think you’re suggesting that single family housing will need hook ups, and we agree with that.
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yes, I think that you are right to say that we hoped that the bottom would be ’12, and now it feels like the bottom is ’13, and you know, the compares for them get easier, but the last three quarters of the year versus the first, for example, but you know, this larger capital, intensive kind of spending I think was the most sensitive across all of our business portfolio, and these decisions seem to be deferred the most. So, we’re hoping that we sort of sludge through ’13 and bottom in this business, and that, but we are still very – our outlook in the medium terms is for a very positive growth rate for the business. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yes, I think what we’re hoping, Rich, is that relight trend is actually independent of the new construction cycle. So, our sense is that we’re still in the reasonably early innings of the relight trend, so the fact that we’ve been doing double digits there, you know, we’re hoping that that can continue even if new constructions starts to feel some rebound, we hope that it doesn’t rob, you know, away from the relay trend at all. Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you.  Part 2
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: I think, Nicole, it’s a good question. You know, we continually are evaluating the best uses of our cash. I think, you know, our paradigm continues to go down the waterfall where CapEx to us is kind of the first priority. We really think that we’re getting excellent returns from a productivity perspective on the capital that we’re putting out there. Our dividend to us is kind of the second order. We’d like to be a responsible increaser of that as our net income structurally increases. We’re hoping to provide that to our shareholders in terms of kind of a steadily increasing return from there. And acquisitions and share repurchases then come next, in that order.  So I think depending on how robust the pipeline is versus not will dictate the degree to which share repurchase versus acquisitions, you know, happen. But we’ve got to look at both of those levers, I think, as we’re moving forward here. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yeah, if you ask me to comment on it, it’s never robust enough. I know you’re laughing, but it’s – yeah, we’re very busy, Tim and Dave both commented on kind of last – we’ve got seven deals over really the last 15 months or so. That’s a nice pace. I hope that we can continue doing that pace, but also it would be great if we could add maybe some larger things. The pace, those last seven have been the very typical, you know, smaller sized, Hubbell tuck-in kind of sized deals. You know, we’ve got - as we commented on our balance sheet page, we’ve got the liquidity to support some good investing there. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yeah, no, I think that’s right, Drew. We’re looking at, right now, 1 to 3 of organic with 2 for acquisitions, and those are closed acquisitions, we’re not contemplating any, you know, volume increases that would come from additional acquisitions but certainly that would be additive. And I think that is, you know, acknowledge that, you know, we hope that turns out to be a conservative estimate, the 1 to 3. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Mike, I think your first point is the one I’d remind you of how much of our power revenues are really driven off of maintenance and repair, which come out of the operating line, not the capital line. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yeah, I think what – I would, you know, we had 7% growth for the full year in power and I think the shape of the year was a little bit unusually pulled forward, it wasn’t smoothly spent during the four quarters. So as Dave was commenting using weeks, months or quarter can be a little misleading. But when we stretch out those dynamics across the full year and we understand the essential nature of the maintenance and repair work that we do with our utility partners in maintaining the quality of the networks gives us confidence that that maintenance and repair work needs to be done. It’s harder on the transmission side where you see large spiky-lumpy projects. I think Dave gave you a very good flavor around those as to the fact that the spending really picked up through ’11. It continued to grow in ’12 and our outlook is for a high level of spending but it gets harder for us to show you lots of incremental growth on that because the level is so high. 
Bill Sperry – SVP, CFO: Yeah, I think that in general, we hope to – we’ve had some decent headwind in ’12 from pension and we hope to be able to reverse that a little bit next year. 
