Dave Nord: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. I will echo Tim’s comments on the quarter, we are pleased with the performance in the quarter. Obviously, not pleased with some of the market dynamics and some of the slowdown that we saw, particularly in the early part of the quarter. But, while not totally unexpected, we felt that the back half of the year was going to be a little bit slower than the start. More importantly, despite that slowdown and a little bit lower top line reported results, certainly some good performance on the margin side. And Bill will take you through a lot of the details in a few minutes but we are very focused and continue to be focused on margin, continue to be focused on execution, on maintaining price discipline and improving productivity. And I think that’s all demonstrated in the results in the quarter. We have focused on our service levels and we have continuing improving service levels and factory performance is really outstanding. I spent some time recently with our lead manufacturing executives. I know they are very upbeat on the things that are happening. They are all very busy, they are all very positive on the actions they are taking and the opportunities for more actions. So that’s a good thing. I have also spent a lot of time over the last several months out in the field, spending a lot of time with our channel partners to get a feel for what they are seeing in the market as well as a sense of their perspective on Hubbell. Not surprisingly, they are seeing in the market the same things that we are seeing. The slowdown, the little bit of unpredictability. But at the end of the day they also feel that there is continued growth potential and we will talk about that a little more later. They are also very positive on Hubbell as an organization and the things that we are doing. As you know that we have always said that what we really have focused on is the things that we can control in execution and in investing for the future. We can't control the market. We just have to manage through whatever market. And I think a couple of things that -- notable things in the quarter or around the quarter that talk to that, we perceived a couple of points of recognition. One, from an organization, IDEA. And that’s the official technology service provider, an e-business standards body of the electrical industry. And we received sixth annual award for outstanding performance in the area of e-business. We are commended for our e-business leadership and the incorporation of technology. And I think a lot of this goes back to the forward thinking of Tim and guiding Hubbell to make data excellence their priority. It’s been very important and it’s important for our distributors because it helps in having master data to operate in an ecommerce environment, as well as for our vendor managed inventory. So I think that’s a very good recognition. Another one, and we have to continue to focus on investing in new product development, in the lighting industry for the fifth running we received more acceptances in the Illuminating Engineering Society’s progress report. This committee of this group is the only group in the industry with the task of monitoring significant advancements in the science of technology. And we have more significant advancements for the lighting fixtures than any other competitor again this year. So again for the fifth year. So I think that’s indicative of what we are investing in. And that’s what I hear from our channel partners around our investment, our technology, our new products. So all very positive things looking forward. I think we also have -- I had also spent time out in a lot of our factories and continue to do that. One of the things particularly in the lighting factory, it is abundantly clear that everywhere you turn, it’s about LED and the opportunities in LED. So we are very much engaged in embracing that and so that’s another point that’s bright for the future. And lastly, we continue to invest in new business. We closed on an acquisition in our power business just after first week of this month. A company called Trinetics at a $27 million transaction, that makes high voltage capacitor switches. A nice bolt-on to our power business and actually the first acquisition done in that business in about four years. So I think that’s a good indicator and I think there is a lot more in the pipeline with a number of transactions that collectively in the works that like to close before the end of the year but could roll into next year as we work through integration plan. But all together that would be another $75 million to $100 million of investment in those transactions. So all good things that we are working on as well as trying to navigate a very challenging market. So with that let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Dave Nord: Thank, Bill. Certainly a lot of moving parts. I think Bill gave you a lot of color and we will take questions in a minute. But let me put it in perspective. First, I am going to go back to look at the third quarter. The third quarter was, from a volume standpoint, weaker than we thought but certainly a lot of that was attributable to when we look back July and August. July and August was particularly weak. But we saw that start to recover a bit in September. So a better finish to the quarter, better rate exit. And what we are seeing so far in half way through the month of October, you know the volume is up year-over-year. So that’s a positive. The challenge is that, and there is no -- I don’t think anybody is surprised, there is a lot of uncertainty in the market right now. There is a lot of apprehension certainly in the space that we operate in. That’s what we hear from our customers. And I think it certainly affects most significantly those things that are CapEx related on the industrial side. Industrial production is still up so the MRO piece of the business is still performing well and there is a lot of activity. But there is pockets of uncertainty that I think are certainly weighting to see the outcome of our political environment and the election in three weeks to figure out what the direction is going to be, as well as what the outcome in the resolution of some of the fiscal cliff elements are. So all those from a business perspective are certainly putting a lot of clouds out there that we just have to wait to part. But in the meantime we are executing well and we are performing well. Looking beyond that, that’s what I am focused and where we are investing is really looking out to the medium in long-term. And when we look at our markets, I can go market by market but on the utility side, transmission project activity will continue to be bullish. It’s driven by the aging grid and the focus on reliability and connecting to these new lines of renewable power. The distribution business, it has to continue to grow. The grid needs to be upgraded but it will probably be more at a modest level. Probably around GDP. And international growth will continue. As Bill mentioned on the residential side, recovery is clearly underway. You saw it yesterday, it came out and housing starts up another 15%. But they are still well below the normal range of the 1.2 million to the 1.5 million starts. So still room to growth there so we are very optimistic and more importantly that becomes a leading indicator for the non-residential part. You know in that market, new construction remains and is bouncing along near bottom. The recovery keeps slipping to the right. I think that’s a function of the residential having been slower than anticipated. But certainly the renovation and relight part of that business has good growth prospects and is in the early stages. And lastly on the industrial side, the extractive industries remain positive but they are slower than they were. They had great growth but they are still positive. The core industrial cycle is still growing and the high voltage part of that business for in industrial continues to be volatile. So overall, we strongly believe that we have got growth prospects medium to long-term. And the question is what the magnitude of those and that’s what is still uncertain and I think waiting. Some of that will hopefully have more clarity as we exit the year and see where our political environment and our fiscal policy ends up. But all in all, we are planning for ongoing growth going forward. So with that, let me turn it back to Jim and we can open it up to questions.
Dave Nord: Well, I would say that one of the pleasant surprises in the quarter is that we were able to hold price longer than you might expect in a slowing market. I am not sure that we expect that to continue. So I think that’s what helped us. But again, we have been and our operating folks have been keenly focused on price discipline and trying to maintain price leadership. And so we expect that to continue but obviously we have got to balance that with market conditions.
Dave Nord: Yeah, you know Nicole we haven’t -- we would like to quit the practice of giving your quarterly guidance. I think for the -- as you think about how we roll forward, I don’t think we are anticipating a lot of dramatic change for you in either the power or electrical segment really from Q3.
Dave Nord: Yeah, I mean certainly at this point it doesn’t appear to us that that’s going to be anywhere near that kind of headwind. A lot of factors as you know with rates and expected returns but it should be anywhere near that magnitude next year.
Dave Nord: Well, I would say that -- we referred to a broader category called [nurk-work] and this is federal requirements for reliability and safety of the grid. And across the country there is diversion of some spending towards improving the reliability standards of the grid. In California, it’s hard to say at this point if we reached a peak this year or it’s next year. You know I mean there is more to be done and in our case where we participate in the grid, you can really have that spending still come into place right up to the last minute because what we have is easily installed. So we are not talking about the apparatus like power plants and large substations. We are the piece parts along the line, so the spending can remain high for that for a number of years.
Dave Nord: It is deferrals driven by slower economic growth in Asia and slower economic growth in Brazil. And it isn’t that they are putting the plants on hold or terminating the plants. It is that the demand for power, increased amount of power is being slowed by their slowing economies. So they are just shifting the projects to the right. So you can imagine what the difference in China is between 7.5% and 10% growth. It’s a number of different high voltage lines. It’s a number of different power plants. The same would be true in Brazil and other developing parts of the world. So it just means the same plants are in place but they are sliding to the right until such time when those economies begin to rebound.
Dave Nord: Sure. You know Noelle for us, we have had and we have been pretty consistent in describing the margins for the LED products as being very comparable to the legacy technology that they replace. I think some of our friends in the market are saying they were getting inferior margins and those have been improving. But for us, they have been pretty comparable on a skew by skew basis. The units cost more, so you make more dollars. But the margin is comparable. And I think going forward, you are right to say that a lot of the inputs are expect to come down and the way we view that is the product itself becomes cheaper and in effect things like the payback and those kinds of decisions. And to be able to make comparable margins on those products as opposed to -- and instead as cost input declines it really helps increase the adoption rate for us essentially.
Bill Sperry: You know Rich, it’s a very long lead time order business so we tend to not try to find economic indicators but rather kind of give you how our book looks. And I think as Tim and Dave were giving color in terms of more the capital side of our customer base is where we are seeing more of the softness. And high voltage is kind of a good example of something where our customer is going to be a transformer manufacturer. And we are actually seeing orders that are getting sort of delayed and pushed. So I think this softness that we are seeing on the industrial side is probably across Hubbell’s portfolio maybe being most acutely felt by high voltage for us.
Bill Sperry: It doesn’t go all the way back to neutral the way we are thinking of it. But it is, let's call it narrowing expectation Rich.
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Steve, just to clarify. If I misspoke, on retrofit, reno, relight, those kind of projects, were actually not any impact or any slowdown. Those are double-digits. We are seeing the paybacks. Very strong. We are seeing the people who are making those decisions, do the retrofit. Are some of the best real estate owners in the country in terms of owner-operators and are trying to run their properties more cost effectively, more efficiently and have that fundamentally improve their cost to goods sold. So that’s big box retailers, that’s large express companies, that’s large makers of industrial equipment. All those kind of categories of customers of ours are continuing to make that reno or retrofit, relight decision. So we are actually -- that’s actually kind of defying some of this. But so where you see it....
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I mean for us then it comes across in large capital projects where we might be selling wiring devices into. We referred to the high voltage test equipment, so someone might have been planning something on the transformer side and they are making a more cautious decision. Perhaps waiting for some of the clarity that Dave’s kind of describing it, as hopefully being on the horizon. And some of those new construction project buildings, maybe they are slowing that down a little bit. A hotel company that you were going to do. So we just see some caution in our customer base that, as Dave said, inflected for us sort of in that July and through August. So for us it’s a little bit difficult for us to extrapolate that six weeks order pattern and tell you that we have perfect insight into how everyone is going to react to the election and everything else. But in general we have taken a more cautious tone for this year as we wait for some more clarity to some out.
Bill Sperry: Nicole, the pension impact on the SG&A line inclusive of the benefits was the whole difference, the 30 bps that you are looking at.
Tim Powers: Rich, we haven’t seen any of that yet. But we certainly view that as additional opportunity. It will come. There will be, as you start to work through some of the pre-developed property, start to put in some new developments. And I think at this level of activity that we are starting to get to, it becomes much more new development, new grading, new infrastructure. And that’s where we will start to see that. But we don’t expect that until sometime next year. Maybe early next year but we are kind of planning for middle of next year to start to see some benefit.
Tim Powers: Rich, we would not consider a onetime dividend in the face of the change in tax policy. We have a longer view of the value of the cash in our balance sheet. We have a near term opportunity for acquisitions and just a balanced view of return of money to shareholders overtime either by dividends or by share buybacks along with our investments in the expansion of our portfolio and capital. So this isn’t something that we would take short-term action as you are suggesting here in the face of, perhaps the tax change perhaps not.
Tim Powers: Yeah, sure, Jeff. Certainly the pipeline, the near-term pipeline is very active, we have got some things. But looking out we see a lot of opportunities. There are a lot of businesses that we would love to have in our portfolio. One of the things I have found interesting from my travels with channel partners is they are all full of ideas of different businesses that would be nice to add to our portfolio. So as active as we have been in identifying, I am getting an additional list that it’s good to know. So I think there is tremendous opportunities. As you know, shaking them loose, finding them, getting them to the sellers, are all part of the activity. And we are clearly focused on larger, and I said larger than what we have been doing the 25 to 50. Looking more in the multi-hundred million dollar type of transactions. It takes time. It takes a lot of effort. We continue to add to our resources. We continue to add to the focus of our whole management team. And so I think I am seeing a lot more energy in activity and emphasis that I think will -- I am certainly pushing and I expect that we would have a lot more activity into next year.
Tim Powers: Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean our objective is to not be dilutive and most of the ones we look at or the way we look at have the possibility absent some unusual transitional and transaction associated cost, to be accretive in the first year.
Tim Powers: I think that there are so many opportunities to improve the grid that while some of the bigger lines so far the bigger jobs have been connecting renewables. If there are substantial opportunities to connect different parts geographically and we are seeing a number of those jobs come forward. Now whether we are going to see a huge amount of growth this high level of transmission spending remains to be seen. But it’s going to remain at this level with some slight growth and I think that the wind or the renewables is only one part of that story. I think there are so many other needs to improve the grid and to streamline it and to update it. For instance high voltage DC replacing line AC lines. Coming down in voltage classes from the highest to 345 KV and so on, that the part of the utilities who recognize how important this can be in reducing line losses and increasing reliability will continue to invest. And I am expecting this high level investment to continue for quite a few more years.
Tim Powers: They are enough isolated so it’s not to cause any overall big pattern. I think you have a number of things going on which is fuel switching. So you have some oil fired coal plants converting to natural gas. The legislation and regulation around greenhouse gases are forcing some of the older plants to be taken offline. But if you listen to the manufacturers who are selling gas turbines such as General Electric, the demand is up and they are going to be substituting those kinds of combined cycle plants. But I would say this is more in the range of a smooth transition than anything that represents a significant move. I think probably the best opportunity for reshaping the grid beside the transmission side is certainly the expansion of new housing. As Dave indicated the national home builders really haven’t reached the stage where they are procuring land now, they are getting it permitted. And as soon as they began to consume land, that’s when the shape of the distribution grid begins to change. And following on that comes the commercial construction that goes with the expansion of houses and then schools and so on. And really that is what changes geographically where the demand is. And so that’s really coming, as Dave indicated, in ’13 and then on in the ’14. So it’s just a ways away but we can see it now. We can see it coming.
Tim Powers: I would say Noelle that our approach is actually quite balanced. I don’t think the power guys had been on a four-year drought because of lack of bookings. And it certainly wasn’t because of lack of our view of positive outlook for power. It’s just the nature. As Dave was describing, the pipeline sometimes is hard to predict. But going forward, certainly we would love to do more power deals. We think it’s a very attractive space. As Tim was just talking, power for us because of its more global standard lends itself in ways to a more international kind of level of expansion, the harsh and hazardous business. Similarly, it can lend itself to a more international expansion, but I think Dave described it right to say that our balance sheet is very well positioned and we would love to enhance parts of our portfolio. So it’s much more when the opportunities with the compelling fit and the right value present themselves that we can do them as opposed to us pushing in one direction or the other. We would love to add to all of them.
Tim Powers: Your analysis is correct. I think there have been more awards as the year has gone along. What's different about the nature of business as it becomes sales for our company is last year there were a number of immediate large releases coinciding with the awards. This year the cadence is more of a traditional nature meaning that you get an award which is very large and spread over let's say 18 months to coincide with the construction of the line. And unlike last year we are getting more of the incremental releases at the beginning which would be more traditional than last year when we got large releases earlier. But our market position in our space obviously puts us in a number one market position and we are doing very well in the market on transmission system jobs.
