Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's first quarter 2023 results. Hubble is off to a strong start to the year. Our first quarter results exceeded our expectations, driven primarily by three factors: stronger stick rates and realization on incremental price actions, effective ramp-up of recent capacity investments, and improved operational productivity. We are raising our full year outlook this morning to account for this outperformance, while maintaining a balanced view of risks and opportunities as we navigate a more uncertain second half. Our investments in capacity, innovation, and productivity are yielding strong returns and enabling us to effectively serve strong customer demand for Hubbell's critical infrastructure solutions. Most notably utilities continue to actively harden and upgrade aging infrastructure, while also investing to facilitate renewables and electrification through new interconnections and enhanced smart grid applications. We achieved double-digit sales growth in the first quarter as improved production output enabled continued volume growth, while leading service levels supported continued demand strength and price realization. Operationally, we achieved over 600 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion in the quarter, driven by favorable price cost and productivity in addition to volume growth. While Utility Solutions continued to perform exceptionally well in a strong market environment, we are also very pleased with the operating performance of Electrical Solutions, which achieved strong margin expansion in a more modest market backdrop. We're executing well in our strategy to compete collectively as a unified HUS operating segment and we'll talk more about that later. Before I turn it over to Bill to give you more details on the financial performance in the quarter, I want to highlight a few recent accomplishments which demonstrate that our strategy and the investments we are making into our business are driving value for all our key stakeholders. First, Hubbell Power Systems and Burndy are proud to have been named Supplier of the Year by two of our largest electrical distributors in 2022 with strong demand and tight supply chains in the utility, T&D, and industrial markets, delivering on commitments to get customers the product they need when they need it, while maintaining consistent quality, reliability, and service is critically important. While the supply chain environment remains challenging, our ability to execute and our willingness to invest in production capacity and working capital has helped strengthen our long-term relationships with major customers. In our electrical segment, we're also pleased to have been recognized with Product of the Year award by major trade publication for two innovative product launches. EdgeConnect Screwless Termination wiring devices is a product line we launched last year which innovate on a 100-year-old product design, eliminating the need for installation tools and delivering 80% labor savings for installers. Burndy's Quickshear bolt is a new product for solar and wind markets, which eliminates the need for compression tooling and manual torque wrenches, simplifying conductor installation and saving the contractor time in the field. These are just a couple of examples of the investments we are making into innovation to accelerate Hubbell's organic growth profile in core markets, as well as strategic growth verticals. And finally, for the third consecutive year, Hubbell was named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere, a distinction that recognizes all of our employees for their dedication in upholding our core values each and every day. One aspect of those core values is our commitment to sustainability and as many of you will have seen in March, we released our annual sustainability report with refreshed multiyear goals to substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and hazardous waste by 2030. These new goals supercede our initial 2025 goals, which we achieved ahead of schedule. Sustainability is a core component of our business strategy, not just in our own manufacturing and operations, but through the impact of our products in making critical infrastructure safer, more reliable and more efficient. We continue to accelerate our investments in areas like T&D infrastructure, renewables, utility automation, electric vehicles and broadband communications, each of which offer attractive growth opportunities for our shareholders, while enabling Hubbell to further its mission to energize and electrify our economy and our communities in front and behind the meter. Now, let me turn it over to Bill to give you some more details on our performance.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks Bill for those additional insights on our results. Hubbell is raising our 2023 outlook to an adjusted earnings per share range of $13 to $13.50, representing approximately 25% adjusted earnings growth at the midpoint. This outlook now assumes 8% to 10% total sales growth and 7% to 9% organic growth for the full year consisting of approximately equal contributions from price realization and volume growth. We continue to expect full year free cash flow conversion of 90% to 95%. This updated outlook incorporates a continuation of strong fundamental performance from the first quarter, while also maintaining a balanced view of risks and opportunities. It also enables us to accelerate our investment levels to support high-return capacity, footprint and innovation projects over the balance of 2023. We believe this balanced view should enable us to achieve our outlook in a range of macroeconomic scenarios. Not only is this updated outlook well ahead of our expectations coming into 2023, but it also puts us on the path to achieve our 2025 targets, which we laid out for you during Investor Day last summer two years ahead of schedule, all while accelerating investments back into our business and without substantial benefit from capital allocations. I am proud of our employees for the results that they are driving for our customers and shareholders and we remain committed to delivering differentiated results over the near and long-term. With that let me turn it over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. A lot of thoughts in that one, and let me just maybe give a couple of comments on it. First, maybe just set the perspective on that business. It's single digits revenue part of our business. So quite small. It operates at the lower end of our margins and margin expectation. It's been particularly challenged the last year plus when container rates which this business depends heavily on escalated 3x, 4x, 5x. The good news is while volumes are down and the markets clearly and resi are down the business is recovering quite well with costs coming back in line. But all that said, we take the responsibility to look at our portfolio quite seriously and you saw that we executed the C&I lighting business. I would say that in our portfolio was much more of a challenge in what our strategy was going forward. But we're active on this Jeff not just in the example that you may get of a resi lighting, but other product lines skew actions. As a matter of fact part of what drove the electrical margin slightly better this quarter was a conscious decision to exit some low-margin business switched that partially to higher. So it had a net revenue hit by the net margin accretion. So I don't ever say, this kind of consideration is off the table. We talked about some of the areas that it does help us particularly with our digital strategy. But if this business is more valuable to somebody else, we would certainly consider our options. 
Gerben Bakker: And maybe adding to that a little bit, just to give you some insight into the complexities that we're working through and the thought process that we are -- for this, as supply chain normalizes again and we're now seeing that in parts of our business, specifically in some of the non-res businesses, you're really dealing with a couple of things. One is, just by the fact that lead times coming down should allow customers to not place orders for a little while and then place them again. The second component that's going on at the same time is, when these lead times are coming down, the supply chain becomes more predictable. Customers and distributors don't need to have the inventory levels that they needed when there was a lot of uncertainty. So at the same time, we're seeing some of the inventories coming down. And managing both those dynamics is what creates some challenges for us to fully understand at what level is each distributor doing this; some are, some aren't. Are they really following the lead times down, or are they still nervous and placing out? So there's a lot of complexities in it, which is why we're taking a more cautious approach, kind of, going into the second half for these dynamics.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll start Bill and add -- I would say, if you look at the underlying demand in the utility, it's still very strong. And we've seen that throughout the last couple of years ramp up. And we believe that that fundamental longer-term demand what Bill talked about mid single-digits is still very much intact. Our improvement has been truthfully more driven by our ability to bring up our production capacities with some of these investments that we're making we're not able to ship more. You can see that despite all of those efforts with the chart that Bill showed you that backlog has still not come down, it's actually flattening a little bit and that's something we are expecting as we ramp up production in this lead times come back. And so I would say, we're still very bullish on the fundamentals here. I think the infrastructure builds are actually very early. We would expect more of that impact to come into next year and the next couple of years. So yeah, I don't think the increase is unusual by the actions that we're taking. It's just coming up a little faster than we anticipated with some of these investments that we're making.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah. And I think as Bill stated during his prepared remarks, a little bit of the first quarter is a lot of things going in the right direction for us both the pricing that carryover the new pricing that we implemented at the same time that we saw some of the commodities actually going down. Some of that is reversing. So we're seeing commodities actually going up and that would be certainly a slight headwind for the second quarter. The other one is around pricing. And our view on pricing is that we've generally been able to hold on to it longer rather than shorter. I think in this environment that's particularly going to be true. But the magnitude of some of those price increases has us a little bit cautious too there. If materials stay down can you hold on to those prices longer term? And then the last part is around what I talked about of as supply chains come back in what happens on a more shorter-term basis with inventory levels and how to manage through that. So just a little more uncertainty going into that second half with some of these variable that has us a little more cautious. But, yes, it could be better. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes, absolutely. We're active in that I would say not just with the supply chain, but we're increasing our focus. And this will be throughout this year this will go into next year on productivity to bring that to a higher level. We've really struggled throughout the pandemic with productivity. The factories weren't running smoothly and our supply chain was disrupted. So we're focused. And one of those focuses is exactly what you said it's going back to our suppliers and looking for cost out. The other thing that I will say in this goes in part of the investments and could go -- will partially go counter to what I'm just saying is we're also spending a lot of time to improve the resiliency of our business resiliency of supply chain. It's at the end what earns us a slight premium in the market. It's our delivery and our ability to service our customers. And we're doing quite a bit of work to strengthen that supply chain in cases reshoring it in other cases finding duplicates sources of supply. And that at times has a cost actually increase to us to do certainly investment with tooling, but it's one that will serve us well in the longer term and will help us taking some of that premium in the market. So a lot of work and works going on. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes, absolutely. And the nice thing about our position in this is that, we have direct engagement with a lot of the end users, right? So we have firsthand insights and Bill mentioned an example of a CEO. That actually happened a couple of weeks ago in the conversation, but we have many of these conversations. So our insight into where the demand is up and how sustainable or not that is quite good. And that's why we're making the kind of levels of investments that we are right now in that -- particularly in the utility business, so.
Bill Sperry: I mean, we're anticipating it's off of the new base Jeff, but it's certainly something where we'll continue to be watching that graph we shared with you comparing orders to shipments. But there does appear to be adequate backlog to -- in order to continue to grow off that base level. 
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say -- I would say Jeff it's more the latter i.e. more of the price cost and productivity that I would call being driven by the normalizing of operations inside the plants. I think that some of the efficiency that we'll get through integrating into a single segment is actually still in front of us. 
Bill Sperry: Well, let's -- so let's start maybe with your first half, which was thinking about the bridge to the year. We had started in January thinking that there would be about two points of wraparound price. That's obviously improved. And as Gerben said about half of our new sales guide is price. So that's a step-up from a couple to more in the single-digit of absolute. And I think that's a pretty big thing. As long as -- it's been interesting watching the cost curves where we basically we follow steel the most closely, Steve, and copper and aluminum have behaved a little bit like it where you saw a peaking back in the fall 2021 and a troughing at the end of 2022 and then a kind of reinflating now in the new year. And that's kind of coming through now finally, as actual tailwind. But it's possible ultimately that that could -- as we're seeing inflation, that could kind of inflect a little bit. So, it's easy for us to isolate price, little harder to nail down price cost because of that cost dynamic. But I think that's the biggest, absolute piece that's in there. 
Bill Sperry: It's -- we got it positive in Q1. The way we're looking at it, we're anticipating a reasonably flat and benign contribution, from the cost. So, it makes the price a little more drop-through rather than being absorbed. Now, you still have other inflation obviously, in nonmaterial places like wages and things like that. But the material and pricing equation has really improved, quite a bit. 
Bill Sperry: No. Resi – yes, your calculation is right, resi at double digits and being the percentage of the segment that it is, represents a couple of points plus of that. But that still leaves others. And so there was spots inside the commercial business Steve, where we started to reduce our lead times. And we started to see our customers managing their inventory. And kind of that sort of relates to I think Jeff's first question, right, where as the customer gets their inventory normalized, is there a period where you see maybe an underordering of a couple of weeks that affects things. And I think, that's what we saw in some of our commercial businesses.
Bill Sperry: Yes, we've been quite careful to not reparse this framework into the two segments. But between them, we're thinking that volumes can be mid-singles. And I think that will be, obviously, skewed towards utility being the heavy contributor there.
Bill Sperry: Yes. We're not -- I'd say, let me just restate a couple of things. One is, I don't think we are increasingly cautious on the second half. I don't think we have that. Secondly, I think that one of the interesting elements of seeing the electrical contract a little bit in Q1 is a function of the fact that they grew quite dramatically in the first quarter 2022. And their sequential ramp up from the fourth quarter, which, as I said, typically comes down, was up significantly last year. So we had this really hard compare, Tommy. And so, to answer your question, to me, it starts to get a little more reliant on sequential analysis and the fact that, we were flat from 4Q to 1Q suggests to me some favorability. But as the compare won't be as hard as we go forward. So, I think, that informs sort of our outlook. But I wouldn't say we've increased our caution in the second half.
Bill Sperry: I think Josh if you -- we were thinking it should be mid-single. If you take price out this is sort of high single to double-digit volume. So I do think can't prove this, but I think we have a little share gain involved in this. So partially, I think we're outperforming the market just because our service levels and our capacity is a little bit better because we've supported it with the investments that we needed to. You asked about projects which is an interesting question, because I do think the transmission side is quite healthy. Transmission tends to be more project-driven. It has a more forward look to it. But net-net, do I think utilities are like stockpiling long-term project partial inventories before they install it? We don't really see any evidence of that. So I think it's -- I guess I would say -- I'm not sure if this is -- but I would respond to your question saying I think the demand is a little bit stronger than the mid-single that we think is the long run. I think we've got a little bit of share and that's kind of working out to our advantage and is frankly compelling us to continue to invest the CapEx in the business because the margins are there to generate really good returns for this incremental volume that we can get.
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I think the answer to that is it's about two-thirds new and the balance is rental. And I agree, yeah, that's an estimate on our part.
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Joe, so let's start with your first point, which is that we do see momentum into the second quarter that we think is first quarter-like in terms of that, so yes. Secondly, the way this guide works, you're right it's not just seasonally taking the first half and using the typical growth in margins off of that. So we've injected caution just because we don't know. One of the things we're expecting is to invest more in the second half and that will be a combination of growth investing in and productivity investing. But just I think we felt, we have decent visibility to the second quarter. And it feels like it gets more opaque to us. I think if I were to maybe rephrase your question and say if the trends continue as they are in the first half into the second, we would actually do better than this guide. So the guide is just has a cautious second half. We think out of prudence, we don't want to get our cost structure out too far ahead at the same time. If there is growth in volume there, we're going to -- we feel very confident we can get our share and more than that. So I think your observations are very accurate.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say Nigel, we really don't have a lot of noise or one-timers in those margins. I would say if you took a typical four-quarter Hubbell year seasonality-wise there's less activity installation of our material in the first and fourth quarter, and more in the second and third as a result of weather. And those volume changes typically drive incremental drop-through such that you get the pattern that you just mentioned. So part of what's different is we're operating at capacity right now, right? It's -- there's no -- there's going to be no seasonality in the sense of as the weather gets better we'll be able to ship more because we're kind of cranking away. I think the second is again thinking about price/cost as a net number. And we sort of had both variables break right here in the first quarter with price being very strong as we said the channel being very supportive. And materials a combination of commodities and components and PFR actually being for the first time in the last few years actually being a tailwind. And we're not anticipating that tailwind to continue Nigel. So, as we saw the commodities pick up starting in the new year we're thinking that will be inflation to us. So, it is -- I know what you're saying when you look at a typical year it has that seasonality and you think things are getting better from here to us. We may be just in a little more of a sequential kind of analytic framework than BPY because we're kind of building off the first quarter. 
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean I think maybe because -- maybe because we're small we still -- even if the FANGs are firing people, we don't -- you can read that as, oh man, they're not going to invest in data centers. And we just think they were maybe in the pandemic overstaffed themselves as the war on talent kind of made them all hire each other's people a little bit. So, we're sort of looking more as they're specking out these new data centers. I'd say they continue to revisit designs and they really are focusing on speed. And that's what they're saying to us. And it's possible Nigel that because we still are kind of enhancing our footprint here through better vertical sales force better balance of systems with products this new acquisition is giving us quite a lot of visibility at the front end of projects. So, I'm not sure if I'm saying we're bullish because maybe we're coming from a small share but it just feels to us like we see years of runway still and that may not be as much a market commentary as it is our franchise maybe.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris. So maybe let's start with your price cost. Yes so, the pricing actions that we were taking at the end of the year that we didn't have insight into their stickiness, when we shared our full-year outlook at the end of January, it was a much better take-up than we expected and much better than historical average on price increase take-up. So the price side of that is quite a bit bigger. And then it really does dominate and overwhelm what will happen from the amount of inflation that we've seen in the New Year on the materials side. And as I think, Joe was asking beyond materials, we've got to do a really good job of working our suppliers and making sure that any lower material cost they got in 2022 that we're – that's getting passed through to us. So we've got to do a really good job to make sure that that cost side is managed Chris. But I do think – I do think that the price cost, which we had two of price when we last talked about this we've added a couple of points to that and that's quite meaningful.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the – Josh had asked about stimulus and we're not seeing a ton of direct impact of the stimulus. Yes there's lots of planning around it. I think it is true that our customers are feeling that there's funding there. And so maybe in the absence of the stimulus Chris, we might see that mid-single digits maybe materialize in 2024. It's also possible stimulus will give us a little lift for a couple of years. But that's a – that's a little bit outside of our crystal ball right now.
Bill Sperry: I would say encouraged, I would use rather than goaded, but we have strong to violent support from them that they're eager that we do that. I would say, they're backing that up I think by giving us a little more share in the short term, such that that's encouraging us further. But for sure, they -- there's even a case where Gerben can tell you, where he wanted Gerben to get into some lines of business that we don't even have, just because they're looking for the lead time management to get better and they're thinking that we could do a better job. And so, yes, there's a lot of what you're saying going on.
Bill Sperry: Dan may be having a technical difficulty. So he would like to close the call and tell you all that he's going to be around all day and all week to answer questions as you may have them. So, appreciate your interest. Thanks for attending.
