Tim Powers: Thanks, Bill. Welcome everybody and thank you for joining us this morning. As this our usual practice with these call, I’m going to provide you with some of our review commentary on the results we announced this morning and then Dave will walk you through a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will conclude with my perspective on the outlook for the reminder of 2010 and some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take some questions from you. We will refer this morning to presentations material you have hopefully found on our website, I’m starting on page three. Our first quarter results are reflective of some of the cross currents we are feeling in our end markets, where we are facing volume pressures from weak trends continuing in non-residential construction. Utilities are continuing to fall their cautious pathway began in the second half of last year that are showing signs of improvement on a sequential basis. We are beginning to see indications of growth in residential construction sector. Our industrial markets have demonstrated some rebound due to growth in output capacity utilization and spending on capital equipment. Energy efficient buildings have driven growth in a couple of key areas including building automation and retrofit re-like market, where for example we have seen orders increase over 30% from last year. In this tight market our focus continues to be in managing price, cost and productivity. Despite a slight decline in sales for the quarter, we were able to increase operating margins by a 170 basis points primarily through productivity gains. It is also worth noting that we had a book-to-bill ratio above one as we built over $30 million of backlog and playing the market is a bit stronger than our quarterly sales results would indicate. The markets are consistent with our expectations and our financial performance for the quarter was inline with our internal plans. The quarter began slowly and picked up noticeably in March. I believe we have seen the bottoming in sales, where we ran our backlog down at the end of the year and built it up during the first quarter. Beyond the financials, we also continue to focus on serving our customers and providing them with the best new products. So I am please to highlight that EC&M Magazine named our Prescolite brand retrofitting in LED downlight as the 2010 LED product of the year. The recognition for our design and engineering capabilities demonstrates the importance of continuing to invest in future growth. With that, let me turn it over to Dave Nord, he’ll discuss the financials in more detail.
Tim Powers: Thanks, Dave. Let’s turn to page 13 and our outlook for the remainder of the 2010. Non-residential construction is our biggest market and some indicators have weakened since the beginning of the year. Based on our order flow, our expectation is for a decline in the 20% range that is consistent of what we thought in our last quarterly call. Our outlook for residential construction calls for modest growth, where multifamily construction should hurt the renovation as expected to help. The signs from our industrial market are very encouraging where we expect growth in those markets. Our power segment is expected to show some growth, we see utilities remaining cautious with regard to spending until decision makers see more evidence of a sustained pickup for demand in electricity. Under distribution side, the growth of residential construction should be joined by the return of maintenance spending on the network necessary to achieve required reliability. Transmission projects well needed are likely to be pushed out on the timeline, as utilities further assess the economic conditions and the current and future demand levels for electricity. We expect to find second half comparables to be more favorable than the first half. The net impact of this outlook is a fairly flat expectation for volume in Hubbell’s end markets including the incremental contribution from Burndy. Let’s turn to page 14 for some concluding comments before we take some of your questions. A flat outlook on our end market implies we will be focused on new product introductions and acquisitions to generate volume. If we use the last decade as our guide, an average year’s worth of acquisition where that five points of potential growth and being recognized for having the best LED product of the year is a good indicator of our focus on new products. Managing price, cost and productivity will also be key. The price cost equation will create some headwinds over the next couple of quarters as we expect in cost increases may be difficult to cover with price. So productivity will continue to be the focal point. Last year’s productive actions have created 100 basis points of tailwind for us and we have many new initiatives for 2010, including more facility consolidations, product redesign and further improvement of our lean processes. Our productivity programs have made good progress in the first quarter and are on track for our full-year goals. So we expect at the mix of brands, people and processes will continue to deliver value to our customers, while our conservative balance sheet will support investments in our future growth as our end markets rebound allowing Hubbell to continue to lead the way.  So thank you for your attention and now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Tim Powers: As we've said before our backlog is about a month and we look at order rates and quotations and probably we have, I would say two to three months of visibility ahead. So maybe through the second quarter and what we’re saying certainly is consistent what we said before. We don't have any different outlook on volume for the entire year than we had at the beginning of the year. So from our point of view of the markets have not change significantly, I think we’re seeing slightly less decline in non-residential, slightly less utility and more on the industrial and other businesses. So its adds up to about the same number.
Tim Powers: They are trending along the line of down 20%. We should see some sequential improvement from the first quarter as the normal construction cycle, but that gap of 20% should be pretty much maintained I would say. I'm not suggesting the non-residential and particularly commercial construction will be better than both forecast -- domestic about the rest of our markets.
Tim Powers: Revenues were exactly inline with our expectation. Their earnings were a little bit below, which had more to do with the transition to a new company and the start up cost of establishing your own services that we’re provided by a parent, but from an operations point of view they were inlaying with expectations.
Tim Powers: Well, first let me start and talk about price per movement. Certainly all any of us can fall those trends were receive the metals rising whether its steal, copper, aluminum, zinc and zone and also oil, so our company is in the process of the increasing price across the board of the industrial price increases throughout the lighting business will increases price June, plus 46% and the rest will follow sometime during Q2. So, at the typical year, last year was one were commodity cost fell prices soften that the end of the year this is the reverse of that and we’ve been through that before, so that’s we’ll seeing in broad assumption and the cost you know are started up in Q1 and we expect them to continue into Q2 but we expect that between productivity and price we will you know the offset the cost increase.
Tim Powers: Yes, Bob I would tell you that, I think that you know first quarter margins are probably were we would say a trough, because it volume dependent. I mean we see the first quarter volume has the lowest then that’s what an element that drives that impact and you will see sequential improvement throughout the year, you might see some weakness at the year and just because again some volume issues, but as Tim mentioned the issue around price cost you know we got to managed through that and confident that we will. 
Tim Powers: Jeff, I think the two things that you needed to keep and I think probably two are the biggest drivers, because the volume certainly is down. If I recall in the fourth quarter was our biggest impact from our inventory reduction on LIFO coming through as well as the fourth quarter still has a good price cost favorability not as the lower third quarter, but in the fourth quarter, I will say, would mitigate back to more neutral in the first quarter. So, when you take those two things into account, that’s pretty much what we’re seeing that’s pretty much what we expected.
Tim Powers: No, I just mentioned, it’s a little less worse in non-residential than we though, we are encouraged certainly our residential business for the first time as past the orders and sales have exceeded the prior year. So, we see that as an important place to be right now and hopefully that will continue to turn more positive as plan goes on that’s what we think is going to happen. The industrial markets are little better than we though and a very hopeful signs there. So, we’re encouraged generally and we don’t have a different view, we have the same view of the year just a little bit I think different from a timing of revenue perhaps been that you guys thought that we should have.
Tim Powers: Yes, you get me nervous Chris you make me sound like you got some insight here. That was pretty good.
Tim Powers: No we had some storm volume, but if you recall the prior year had an exceedingly large amount, so relative year-on-year comparisons was lower its not like we didn’t have the storm, but the previous year we have a lot more.
Tim Powers: I don’t know, I can’t tell you that but I don’t have any specific information of what the other guys are doing.
Tim Powers: Thank you everybody for joining us this morning and if anybody has follow-up questions Jim Farrell and I are around to take those calls. So thank you for joining us.
Dave Nord: I wouldn’t expect us to as we said last year in the third quarter was an unusually good one time of that but the average margin there experience last year should be close to what we see this year.
Dave Nord: I can only tell you that when we put our plans together, we’re right exactly where we thought we would as compare to looking at the last quarter. So, it’s hard to make to response to that exactly certainly the volume as a negative impact on factory performance there’s a little headwind on material side, but I don’t know exactly how to respond to that.
Dave Nord: I think the transmission revenues for us relative to projects for 2010 are fairly secure because the once that we have won our multiple year projects. What we’re saying is that the growth in those revenues for years further out is being reduced by the fact that some new projects that, which we fell. We have an excellent chance to win or being pushed out as public utilities have the luxury of times to delay those parts based on lower demand for energy. So we would like them to proceed. We’re in a great market position to prosper from that, but we see one after the other sliding up by year, but once that we have our multiple year projects and this is just in the midst of them.
Dave Nord: We really haven't had any price increase up to this point in the year. They have been limited price increases. So on the residential side we have some, but on the C&I we don't have any yet this year, but I’d say that clearly our industrial product lines have increased price, Burndy’s increased price. So I would see the industry catching up with the inflation that's happening in the first half of this year, but during this second quarter.
