Tim Powers: Thank you. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As we typically do on these calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning and then, Dave will provide you with a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will then share some early thoughts 2012 and then we will open up the call for your questions. We will refer to presentation materials that you can find on our website, I will start on page 3. We are very pleased to report that the positive momentum from the first half of the year continued into the third quarter. Our sales increased by 12% with growth being realized and virtually all of our businesses. We reported operating margins of 16.4% which represented an impressive improvement from the second quarter was as expected was below the prior year due to a less favorable product mix and higher commodity costs. I am very proud of our results in the quarter as half of our markets remain at trot levels and working through a challenging pricing and commodity cost environment. Looking at our end markets, we continue to experience strong demand on incoming orders during the quarter. The utility market strength was broad with higher demand in distribution products and increase in spending on larger transmission projects as well as improved international demand. The industrial market continued to improve with most of our businesses including those tied to the energy markets realizing higher sales in the quarter. The new construction spending in the US non-residential market remains quite challenging, but we continue to benefit from higher demand for renovation and relight projects. On the residential side demand remains weak. I will share an early view of our 2012 end markets towards the end of my comments. So, the volume story was quite favorable, but the commodity cost pricing dynamic has been a challenge while price increases added to sales in the quarter, they were somewhat below our expectations. Price realization proved to be more difficult in certain pockets of our business most notably the construction markets. Also materials remain above last year’s levels and did not moderate quite as much as we anticipated. We will continue to adjust pricing to recover commodity cost increases and have raised prices in certain businesses in September. In summary, I’m extremely pleased with the organization’s ability to produce these impressive results in both the third quarter and for the year. Let me hand it over to Dave to provide more details on the results, Dave.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Now, let’s turn to page 18 for discussion of our early view of the 2012 outlook. We usually provide next year’s outlook in our January call. But given recent volatility, we thought it appropriate to provide some early comments. Looking in the 2012, we remain cautious, but optimistic about our end markets. There certainly continuous to be numerous macro concerns going into the comp up coming year. The general health of the global economy is unclear and the remains a high level of political uncertainty in Washington combined with stubbornly high levels of unemployment. As you are aware, our visibility in the future demand is less than two months for most parts of our business. What we continue to like, what we are seeing in our incoming order patterns as well as conversations with our customers. We are expecting modest single digit growth in our markets in 2012. The third party forecast for US non-residential new construction is for a modest decline and put in place spending in 2012 with a more meaningful recovery shifted into 2013. This decline is expected to be primarily due to weakness on the public side as stimulus dollars get exhausted. However, as we experienced in 2011, we believe the demand for renovation, relight and lighting controls will remain strong and more than offset the declines in new construction, allowing for modest growth overall in this end market. Our lighting business has been participating in this growth, as our products helped customers become more energy efficient or providing compelling paybacks and cost savings. The adoption rates for LED product continues at a very strong pace with sales doubling in both the third quarter and year-to-date and now represents just below 10% of our total lighting sales. We expect this strong growth demand to continue as LED costs are likely to continue declining while performance improves. Our utility market has been quite strong during 2011 with growth and distribution, transmission, project activity as well as higher international demand. On the transmission side we are encouraged by the increasing activity in large project spending that has occurred in the current year and fully expect that growth to continue into next year and beyond. The distribution side of the business should grow with higher maintenance spending in the key driver of growth, well housing starts are unlikely to benefit spending. On the industrial side of our business, we expect modest growth for next year. The strong rebound and spending that has occurred is likely to moderate somewhat, but still expanding its 2012 would only be the third year of the industrial cycle recovery. We also expect continued growth in our industrial business that are tied to the energy market which includes our Harsh and Hazardous products. We are not expecting any meaningful recovery in the residential market, although slow modest growth is likely, high levels of unemployment, slow wage growth and home foreclosures continue to impede new single family housing construction. In summary, we are pleased that we are on track to exceed our prior peek earnings in 2011. When you consider that half of our markets are at trot or near trot levels and that the cost price headwinds anticipated for the year, these are impressive result. Despite the success significant opportunities remain in front of us. We have excellent positioning on the long term secular growth opportunities in the energy efficient products and then in nations grid infrastructure, that is in the midst of a strong project activity for transmission related projects. These are areas where Hubbell’s products continue to add value to our customers. The entire organization remains energized and engaged in productivity initiatives, they will be needed to offset inflationary pressures. We continue to seek outweighs to become more efficient through our lean programs, sourcing efforts and rationalizing our manufacturing footprint. So, we remain very optimistic about our full ability to generate attractive returns for our shareholders into the future. With that this concludes our prepared remarks and now we like to open up the call to your questions.
Tim Powers: Well, there is all kinds of reason to believe that it would be different by mean with the fluctuating metals and energy cost, it’s quite difficult for us to predict, you know, the overall relationship there. It’s just one that we have to adapt to as we see changes. We don’t even know we believe that or see that metals costs have declined, we don’t foresee any dramatic decline as we saw back in 2008. We think the economy is at some a little bit of a pause. But, as you can see that every time there is any news towards anything positive in Europe, you can watch oil prices jump up several dollars and copper and others are following. So, we think that the prices have come up there high is a little bit, but we would expect if the economy goes forward and gets a little better worldwide that these commodity costs would continue to raise back to levels that we previously seen.
Tim Powers: Yes, so we’re just talking, to make it clear. We’re talking about the fact that our markets as we see them will grow in a low single digits modestly. So, we are in a condition, I would say that’s very similar to this year with the exception that I would say, the rate of growth in the industrial market will be somewhat less, but still growing and we can’t predict that we are going to see the kind of growth rate on the power side that we are seeing this year. I mean, everything is going so well this year and every level of the market that we are confident that we are going to see growth in the utility business, but at what rate you know, remains to be discussed or remains to be seen as we get closer to it.
Tim Powers: All right. Well, I think what’s different between when we spoke earlier in the year and now is we were – I would say piling up awards, we were notified that we were winning and now these projects are being released with pretty short notice, not the usual kind of get ready, get set. Suddenly, we were getting these several months earlier than we thought, which is all good news. Some of these orders will not be shippable until next year and some of them, we are trying hard to get shipped by the end of this year. So, we have visibility into many, many of these projects and the state at which they are at and right now unless there is a change of pace to the industry there is plenty of projects on the drawing board in an advanced stages of bidding that would lead us to believe that there is going to be a decent growth in the transmission side for 2012.
Tim Powers: Yes it is. And you know, so we are working on projects that we don’t believe will come to bid until 2013. So, there is just a lot of activity going on and we are pretty much on top of every single job. So, we are very pleased with the development on this and its been sometime coming what I think, we are at, you know, a wave of increased level of business that should last into at least ’13 perhaps even ’14.
