Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's second quarter 2024 results. Hubbell delivered strong operating performance in the quarter, generating 8% year-over-year adjusted operating profit growth and 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion along with 7% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. Given our first half performance and continued visibility into the second half, we are raising our 2024 outlook this morning and are confident in our ability to deliver double-digit adjusted operating profit growth on a full-year basis. Performance in the quarter was highlighted by strong organic growth and margin expansion in the Electrical Solutions where robust project activity drove strong growth in data center and renewables markets and where our vertical market strategy is uniquely positioning Hubbell to serve the needs of our customers. As we highlighted at our Investor Day in June, HES is executing on two strategic focus areas to compete collectively in high-growth verticals while also simplifying our business to drive productivity and operating efficiencies. We are making good progress on both of these initiatives, and we also continue to benefit from our portfolio transformation efforts, which align the segment to structurally higher growth and margins over the long-term. In Utility Solutions, while we continue to be impacted by weak telecom markets and to a lesser extent, customer inventory normalization and utility distribution market as anticipated, T&D end market demand remains strong. Transmission and substation markets achieved robust double-digit growth in the quarter as utility customers invest in upgrading the grid infrastructure to interconnect new sources of renewable generation with load growth from data centers and other electrical applications. As we highlighted to you last month, our leadership across T&D markets and strong relationships with utility customers uniquely positions Hubbell for sustained outperformance over an attractive long-term utility investment cycle as grid modernization and electrification megatrends accelerate. Operationally, we drove positive price/cost productivity across both segments while continuing to invest in capacity and productivity initiatives, including another quarter of higher year-over-year restructuring and related investments. Overall, we are pleased with our operating performance in the quarter, even while absorbing pockets of challenges in certain large, high-margin businesses Hubbell is proving the ability to comp off of recent outperformance. This is a testament to the quality of our portfolio, the attractiveness of secular trends we are exposed to and the strength of our people and operating model. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And before I go to the full-year outlook, I want to take the opportunity and just highlight a couple of growth areas for us. And as Bill just talked about in the segment discussions, we are seeing some strong pockets of growth in specific markets and product lines within our businesses. And one of the themes that emerges when you look across the performance of the portfolio is that some of the strongest growth is in the areas which tend to be exposed early in the industrial project cycle, in particular, in data center and renewables verticals across both utility and electrical markets. For example, Hubbell has a leading position in electrical grounding with our Burndy brand, where we are highly specified across key end markets with the premier grounding solution in the industry. These products are typically installed early in a project cycle once construction breaks ground and year-to-date revenue in this product category is up over 30%, which much of that growth being driven by data center and renewable projects. This is a positive indicator for continued market growth in these areas as we continue to execute on our vertical market strategy and pull through other specified solutions as these project progress. In Utility Solutions, Bill highlighted strong growth in transmission and distribution -- and transmission and substation markets. And as we think about substations, this market is very much at the intersection of trends in renewables and data center as substations are needed to interconnect new sources of generation and load. We have a strong position in utility substation and one of those key product categories is substation switching, which is a critical solution enabling utilities to isolate portions of the grid for maintenance and repair. We have realized over 40% sales growth in this product category in the first half with orders and demand outstripping sales. As we consider the longer-term impact of load growth on the grid, Hubbell is uniquely positioned with our offerings across transmission, substation and distribution to enable the upgrading of this aged infrastructure. We believe that grid modernization and electrification will continue to drive growth across our portfolio over a multiyear investment cycle. We have positioned our portfolio and our strategy to take advantage of these opportunities and to serve the needs of our customers, both in front and behind the meter. Now turning to our outlook for the second half and full-year. Hubbell is raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook this morning to a range of $16.20 to $16.50. We currently anticipate 7% to 8% sales growth and approximately 3% organic growth for the full-year with adjusted operating margins of 21% to 21.5%. This represents double-digit free cash flow and adjusted operating profit growth at the midpoint as well as solid adjusted operating margin expansion off of strong 2023 levels. Our first half performance puts us well on track to achieve this increased full-year outlook. Looking ahead to the second half, we see continued momentum in execution in Electrical Solutions and we expect utility solutions to achieve improved levels of organic growth while returning to year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion. Longer term, we remain confident in Hubbell's ability to compound on recent outperformance. At our Investor Day last month, we laid out a multiyear financial outlook for mid-single-digit organic growth and attractive incremental margins, along with strong free cash flow generation and deployment as grid modernization and electrification megatrends accelerate into 2025 and beyond, Hubbell is well positioned to consistently deliver on these commitments while serving the growing needs of our utility and electrical customers. With that, let me now turn the call back over to Shannon for the Q&A session.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Let me start that, Jeff. And as we indicated early in the year, the destocking, particularly in the distribution side of utility lasted a little longer than initially anticipated. And it primarily came to the lesser visibility that we have as we look into the end customer. I would say there is evidence that this is improving, but it's very hard to call because it's happening at different levels, different speeds at different customers within different product lines. So certain product lines right now, we're seeing that ending and then we're seeing the demand inflect up, but then others, we still continue to see some of that destocking continuing. And just as a perspective, we dealt with this in the Electrical segment last year. At that time, too, it was hard to predict. But the best sign of it was that when it was over, we saw demand inflecting back up and we returned to growth in that. So we still see end demand strong. We see this through -- if you look at the CapEx budgets for utilities, those are growing, not only in the actual spend, but in the projections out. Discussions that we have with our customers indicate that they continue to invest. And again, in areas of the portfolio where the destock is over, certainly -- certain product lines, but then also other areas like transmission and substation, the demand is very strong. So we have good indication that the end demand in T&D continues to be strong and that this is a period that we'll have to work through over the second half to continue to get through it with the different customers and the different product lines.
Gerben Bakker: Let me help you. We expect margins in the second half to improve from the first half with some of that organic volume coming back.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I mean I think -- I think the 47% is a pretty gross measure, and I used it to just remind everybody that we'll be -- we would be seasonally something normal. I think if you look back on our last five to 10 years, you see 47%, 48%, 49%. And so I do think that it is a growth -- I think maybe you're pointing out, it's a pretty sensitive and gross way to describe seasonality. So our guide right now, Steve, is more in the 48% plus, closer to 49% expectation.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe a comment to add on to that because the back of -- most of our businesses are book-to-bill. Now we've added some businesses recently where -- like Systems Control or Aclara where backlog is a bigger component because of the -- there's just a long lead time nature or order planning of that. But most of our business is book-to-bill, where you're generally around one typically. And as you look back over the last couple of years, as Bill noted, when we were well above it, our laser priority was, and it continues to be to get those backlogs back down because that's a reflection when you do that your service is better, that your lead times get shorter, and that's a good thing. That's one of the key value propositions that we have for our customers when we're able to do that. So for us, actually, a reduction in backlog, driving that down is very strategic in how we want to operate. And we still have pockets where our lead times are too long and where our backlog is the high, where we're focused on taking that down. So it's a hard question for us to answer in the context of growth. We look at [indiscernible] and if that's growing and then backlogs, we want to get them as low as possible to have attractive lead times and service levels.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so maybe I'll start that one. And maybe if you take a step back, as you look at last year, Telecom was up double-digits in the first half of '23. It went down sharply double-digits in the second half of '23. So certainly, as we go into the second half now, we're going to see easier comp. But as you look at maybe first half, I mean second half to second quarter, we see that pretty flattish BEAD money you talk about, that's still an area that we believe will drive growth and need to invest in this area is very clear to us, especially in rural deployment of fiber. So we see that coming. Money is starting to flow to some of the states and the states have got to identify the projects. They got a bid those. So we see that more as a '25 and perhaps later in '25 coming back. So we do believe we're at the bottom here. We believe we'll be along the bottom for a little while, and then we'll see that coming up slowly through the balance of this year and then into next year.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And we've clearly seen us work backlogs down here. That was -- I talked about this earlier, where with too much backlog, past-due backlog with all the chip shortages. So certainly the second half of last year and continue going into this year, we've been working the backlogs down. One of the other things that we mentioned that during this period, the new projects were slower, especially the large projects were slower to come to market or to bid. We are seeing increased pipeline. There's pockets particularly where we're seeing that now, for example, in water. We're also excited to have actually gotten some projects, if you look at some of the great resiliency for the grid funding. There's a few customers there that have gotten that funding that's translated into orders for us that we'll ship next year. So I would say we are seeing increased pipeline. We still got a bit on these projects that -- to fill our '25 pipeline. So I'd say it's perhaps a little early to talk about '25 at this point, but we're active in bidding on these projects.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's a hard question perhaps to do the funding that are spending compete with one another. I'm sure to a certain extent, Utilities have budgets and if they, in one year, direct more one way or another could happen. The good thing is our portfolio is well exposed to both sides. I would say if they're diverting from one area to the other, we'll see the benefit in those areas. I'd say narrowly to your question of residential and starts, I would say it's probably a fairly small effect on our sales and our portfolio much more to us drivers are, things like grid hardening, grid modernization, load growth in general, and those are all good vectors that are helping to grow our markets.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe just to add that visibility on that is not completely clear, right? We don't have actual reports of what -- it's more to what I said earlier, when you look at Utility CapEx budgets that are up and continue to be projected to be up, discussions that we're having with our customers on what to do. We recently saw here storm where we know material was used, that would normally happen within a quarter, a little bit of effect. And in this case, they actually told us they were working through -- that through inventory. So that's also a good sign. So it's through these data points with our position in the market and our connection that we have with our customers that we make this observation that the end demand is actually still strong.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think cloud is going to be flattening out. And I would think of it that way. And ex-verticals, I don't know that we've offered that.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Let's start with the second question. So their margins are at attractive levels. We didn't have them last year, but they're just a little bit below the mid-20s. And so we love adding that kind of margin, Jeff, but it's interesting. It creates a little bit of headwind quarter-over-quarter. And I would say that the transmission and substation growth of double-digits is an organic, not an acquisition impact. It's grown organically at that level.
Bill Sperry: It is. And again, we didn't own it last year, but it is kind of -- yes, it is compared to what it was doing last year.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Maybe we'll start with pricing. I think that we can still continue to operate, Steve, in an inflationary environment and some materials between copper and steel are moving around in opposite directions sometimes here. But with the other value-add on components and with things like labor and transportation and things like that, we still feel we're operating. And I may be reading into your question too much, but we get the question a lot of, if steel is down, will we have to give up Utility price. And we really aren't feeling that pressure rate at this moment. And we continue to believe that our customers are paying for quality, reliability, on-time delivery, really helping out down in Houston over the last month being reminded of supporting customers with if there's a hurricane outage or something of that like, being there to support them and get their customers back up and turned on as fast as possible. Though part of what we think is the value proposition that ultimately supports our pricing level. So I may be reading too much into it that you're asking about to do commodities impact, but that's -- we're not feeling that pressure at this moment, Steve.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you're pointing out a variance in steel, which is favorable. There's been some negative variances in copper and higher inflation and things like transportation and wages. And so there's a -- it's hard to try to isolate on a single commodity and try to read that through too much into any kind of favorable PPV if you will.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So let's see a couple of components there. Let's start with -- you had the price right at a couple of points. And I think your you're kind of extracting the enclosures, the Telecom market correctly to get to attractive growth rates inside of the core transmission and distribution. I think the book-and-bill question is one that we spend some time looking at and it's not yet. It's not at this split second all the way back to one, but you're right to point out it was in couple of years past, it was way north of one, and I think that's still kind of normalizing right now, Nigel.
Bill Sperry: So let me start with Telecom, which was -- when we started our guide, we thought it was going to be down double-digit. We had it down 40% first quarter. That persisted into the second at down 40%, and that caused us to adjust our Telecom expectations to order of magnitude down 25% for the year. And I think as you were trying to parse the two segments into the 3%, it would be Electrical at mid-singles and the Utility at low single-digits.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Julian. I think our typical seasonality as the second and third quarters kind of form our head in the first quarter and fourth quarter on shoulders. And so second quarter and third, you can sometimes step up a little bit, but it's not wrong to think of those as two big quarters and then steps down in the fourth quarter.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Joe, as we went from first quarter to second quarter one of the contributors to that incremental drop through sequentially was the absence of the Residential Lighting business. The second was the strong, strong growth in data centers and renewables is occurring in product areas that are very strong margin areas. So you're getting a mix effect there. And then lastly, there have been some productivity improvements and just cost consciousness between first and second quarter that showed up. So that a lot of those us are working together to get those kind of sequential drop throughs.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we mean is that out in the field, there's product being put up on distribution poles that's exceeding our sales to our customers. And that's the -- where we see the "demand." So maybe we're not talking about like orders. We're talking about demand for the material in the market. And that's where we see the inventory positions getting worked down and think we'll be returning to a more normal book-to-bill kind of relationship there.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean, I think we probably aren't banking on sequential pickup in third quarter and then again, by the time we get to fourth quarter, you start to see the shoulder of the head and shoulders shape. So we're sort of in the -- I think already in the second quarter, we're seeing the sweet part of the margin seasonality.
Bill Sperry: We did actually change the margin. So we had embedded in our guidance originally, kind of flattish margins and explicitly now we're saying up 10 to 50 basis points. So that's how...
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe Bill, I'll turn to kind of the implied question, maybe you want Steve's question on its tail. Maybe you talk about steel prices have come down a lot since you gave your plan in January. So perhaps price cost might be more tailwinds from here. I mean, how do you respond to that, given that the pricing and utility remains very strong.
Nigel Coe: So it's all kind of mixing back to plan. I just wanted to maybe just try and dig into the trends within core Utilities. So organic down 6% this quarter. Did I miss the price within Utility, I'm assuming it's 2%, 3%, but -- so let's call it down high single-digit volumes. But then if we ship out Telecom, are we back to sort of low-single-digits for core Utility component -- core Utility components ex-Telecom volumes? And then maybe just talk about the book-to-bill as well. Are we now at a point where book-to-bill is above 1%.
Nigel Coe: Great. I'll leave it there. But if you could maybe just clarify, Bill, the proportion of the Utility business with Telecom. So you can just pull that up appropriately, that would be great. Thanks.
