Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's second quarter results. I will open our call this morning with a broad overview of our performance, markets and the investments we continue to make that drive value for our stakeholders. Bill will then provide details on our second quarter results, and I'll come back with some comments on the outlook for the year.  Hubbell delivered another strong quarter of operating performance with year-over-year organic growth of 20% and adjusted operating profit growth of 29%. We are performing above our initial expectations through the first half of the year and have generated year-over-year adjusted EPS growth of 29% through the first 2 quarters. We are raising our annual outlook this morning to reflect that strong performance. While we anticipate the second half operating environment to remain dynamic, and we see uncertainty around macroeconomic conditions, we are confident in our ability to continue to execute effectively and deliver on the stronger outlook due to three key factors: the strength of our end markets; the strength of our position in those markets; and our continued operational execution, particularly proactively managing price/cost as well as supply chain constraints. Starting with markets. Customer demand for reliable and efficient critical infrastructure solutions in front and behind the meter continues to drive strong orders and sales growth. In particular, the Utility Solutions segment continues to build backlog even as customer shipments pick up sequentially. Grid modernization initiatives continue to drive robust investment levels from our core utility customers as they seek to upgrade and harden aging infrastructure while integrating renewables onto the grid. Our leading quality, reliability and service in these markets continue to position us well to effectively serve these critical needs for our customers.  In Electrical Solutions, demand remains strong across most of our end markets. Electrification trends together with strong industrial and nonresidential markets continue to drive sales and order growth across most of our Electrical businesses, while residential markets remain soft as anticipated.  I'd also like to highlight the ongoing strength we are seeing in communications markets, which is a key strategic vertical for Hubbell spanning across both segments. Telecommunications customers continue to invest in building out 5G networks, rural broadband access and fiber-to-the-home upgrades, driving demand for leading products and solutions across the Hubbell portfolio including enclosures, connectors, tooling and antennas.  Results in the quarter were also driven by continued execution on price/cost. Price realization was 14% in the quarter, up again sequentially as the company continued to actively manage price and productivity to offset broad-based inflationary pressures. While material inflation is showing signs of easing, nonmaterial inflation and supply chain headwinds persist. Increased cost of labor, freight and logistics as well as tight availability in key materials and components continue to drive higher input costs and manufacturing and transportation efficiencies across our businesses. Despite these challenges, we were able to drive increased unit output and achieved strong year-over-year operating margin expansion of 130 basis points in the second quarter.  Overall, a very strong quarter for Hubbell. We are confident in our ability to continue to effectively navigate a dynamic environment, and we are raising our full year expectations this morning, while at the same time, accelerating investments in the second half of the year to position us well for sustained long-term outperformance. We'll provide more color on the full year outlook at the end of this presentation. Before I turn it over to Bill to talk you through the financial results in more detail, I would like to welcome PCX and Ripley Tools to the Hubbell portfolio. These 2 high-quality businesses, which we acquired earlier this month, have strong financial profiles and attractive growth characteristics and bolster our position in key strategic growth verticals of data centers, renewables, electric T&D and communications. We also have a strong cash position and balance sheet and expect to continue investing in acquisitions as a core component of our strategy for long-term shareholder value creation.  With that, let me turn it over to Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And I'd like to close our prepared remarks today with some comments on that '22 outlook on Page 9. As we highlighted at the beginning of the call, we are raising our full year 2022 outlook. We now anticipate mid-teens full year sales growth, up from low double digits from the prior guidance. And we are raising our adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of $9.40 to $9.80 versus a prior range of $9 to $9.40. We continue to anticipate generating free cash flow conversion of 90% to 100% of adjusted earnings per share.  Relative to our prior guidance, this raised 2022 outlook is driven primarily by stronger first half performance, stronger volume and price material assumptions, and a modest contribution from acquisitions and partially offset by higher general inflationary pressures and targeted investments in the second half.  When we spoke to you all at Investor Day in early June, we outlined three key areas where we are looking to invest over the next 3 to 5 years. Footprint optimization and restructuring to drive a more efficient manufacturing and distribution network, primarily across our Electrical Solutions segment as we continue our HES journey as a unified operating segment. Second, targeted capacity expansion in markets with visible growth trajectories and strong Hubbell positions, primarily in certain power T&D and communication product lines where capacity is tight and customers have critical needs for our products. And finally, innovation to accelerate organic growth with an emphasis to capitalize on attractive megatrends and key strategic growth verticals through new products, solutions and go-to-market strategies.  While we recognize that the near-term macroeconomic environment is uncertain, we believe that now is an opportune time to accelerate some of these previously planned investments from a position of strength to set the company up for sustained performance over the long term. We expect these initiatives to drive future productivity and cost savings while enabling us to better serve the critical infrastructure needs of our customers with differentiated solutions in front and behind the meter.  To summarize this morning's call, Hubbell is off to a strong start through the first half of 2022. We have leading positions in attractive markets with long-term growth drivers and we are executing effectively in the areas within our control. We are confident in delivering on our raised 2022 outlook and in driving differentiated results to our shareholders over the long term.  With that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Jeff, maybe I'll start with some comments, and I'm sure Bill will have some as well. But I would say our approach to pricing has been to, a, not tie it specifically only to commodities, but to general inflation. So while we see on commodities a pullback, right now, general inflation is still tremendously high, and we feel that in our business. So as we have these discussions with our customers, it's around the broader inflation and need to price.  If you looked at last year, we were on the negative on that, I'd say, despite very good traction. And if you think about the chart that we've shown you in the past of how over time we manage that, we still need more positive price/cost to claw back from the negative of last year, and those are discussions we have with our customers.  I would say the other part in our portfolio is we're generally a small portion of the total cost of the systems. So the discussion around availability and quality and reliability, generally are more prominent than on price.  Now all that said, with commodities, when they do come down at the magnitude at which they are coming down, and that's sustainable over time, sure, we're going to feel eventually pressure to have discussions with pricing the other way. But I'd say that's still out for us a little bit.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe -- as we talked about it in Investor Day as an example of where we're investing in what we refer to as NPX, which is new products that are magnitudes larger than our traditional. This kind of solution different from the chargers that are available is very unique. So I would say, while certainly, we're very excited about it, it's very early days of development of what's a completely new solutions to the market.  And some of these are going to be successful and some of them won't be, and I think that's one of the reasons why more uncertain on the timing and the magnitude of the impact. But these are projects that are, if successful and unsuccessful, are a much larger scale than we would traditionally see with our new product development processes.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Yes, I'd say in general, in inventory, and that's a topic that we cover with our customers quite often every opportunity we have with them to do checks on that. We also validate on sell-in and sell-out to have a look at real demand. I would say that generally still our products are selling through. Certainly, in this supply chain crunch, distributors are trying to get their hands on products.  I would say there has been a level of getting inventory in. So I would say at this point, our distributors are perhaps appropriately stocked rather than overstocked. I would say they were probably understocked for a period of time. So there has been stocking going on. But in our products, no signs of any overstock position.  Now the one thing that remains to be seen if there is a slowdown are the levels that they have too high for what they need, then you could see a correction in that with inventory level. But at this point, we don't see big risk of overstocking and the consequences of destocking in the absence of a significant slowdown.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your time today and your questions and interest in Hubbell. A strong second quarter and year so far and well positioned to continue to execute through the numerous uncertainties and opportunities ahead. Hope you all have a great rest of the summer, and we look forward to speaking with you again in the fall in our third quarter. Thank you.
William Sperry: Yes, I think it starts with they do manufacture a number of the products that goes in. But you're right, there is an awful lot of sourcing. But the design elements of it, Jeff, that is done in very close concert with the owner/operator of the data center is a very sticky process and one that we think really enables the margin to be earned. And so it is a little different in that there is quite a bit of purchase for resale content in the end product. But I think the way -- the nature of the interaction with the customer is quite intimate and design intensive and that's very appealing to us.
William Sperry: Yes. As we -- there's a couple of elements to your question. First is yes, there's a ton of backlog there. So I think we're starting to hear rumblings that the supply chain may be falling a bit and may be improving. We haven't anticipated that, that happens until the start of next year. And it's not clear to me that, that shape would enable a spring like you're describing, or will it be -- so it will be dependent on how those chips come back. If you're -- but you're right to characterize the demand is there to buy a lot of smart meters, absolutely.
William Sperry: Yes, Tommy. If you did a typical first half, second half, what does the first half contribute to a year's worth of earnings, it would appear to be conservative. And I think we're trying to achieve conservatism. We're very aware of some of the latest trends coming out of consumer-facing companies and some of the challenges that appear to be there. And while we don't have much consumer exposure, the consumer is such a large part of the economy that we're still going to be exposed to that macro phenomenon.  So -- and I think the way, Tommy, we're looking at it, we would anticipate effects from a consumer to hit our Electrical segment first. That would be a typical impact of a consumer-led recession. And our utility franchise would typically lag the effect that our Electrical, and it would be shallower and come out faster. So I would say this guidance is got some conservatism worried about that uncertainty.  I think the one thing I would point out to you that you maybe not factored into your question is we are planning on a significant amount of investment in restructuring in the second half. We've put a specific bar there just to highlight that. But if you go back to 2020, we had about $27 million of restructuring. And in '22, we're trying to do about $30 million, so consistent number. And that would -- to get there, we would have an aggressive second half investment level of a little north of $20 million in the second half.  So we think those projects are really important to setting up '23 and getting both capacity in our power side as well as efficiency on the Electrical side. So we think those are very wise investments, but that also would create just a specific drag to that first half, second half seasonality that you're looking at. That's why we wanted to show that on the bridge on Page 9, just to be clear about that.
William Sperry: Yes. Let me tackle the first part, which is, yes, I'd say the only partner, not the preferred partner because we think we are kind of combining unique elements of metrology, revenue-grade meter with the charging units. And yes, the idea would be you have the utility that they, in turn, think about offering that to consumer, offering a differential rate cheaper to charge a car overnight and that benefits the consumer and the payback to utility because of the marginal cost of production generation to be very, very low. So the margin on that will be very, very good and really help load manage for the utility.  So we think there's an optimum solution that works really well for, as you say, our core utility customer, their customer and that we're uniquely provided to do that. The timing is going to take a while and I really wouldn't hazard to tell you when we'd start to see any impact there.
William Sperry: Yes. I -- if we think about the order pattern and the backlog, I mean maybe the first comment to make would be between the segments where the utility order pattern has been stronger than the Electrical and we've been building, therefore, more backlog on the utility side. Electrical is approaching -- still building backlog but approaching a lot more book-and-bill sort of balance. And I think that the over 90 days has been a component. And in certain places like smart meters, we're talking about that are constrained, you're seeing more of that.  But I think if your question is getting at, do we see customers reacting to supply chain improvements and will that reduce orders so they don't have to have what I might call a safety order in, yes, I mean, I think that reaction is going to be immediate in response to lead times coming back in and kind of allowing them to not need to kind of feel like they got to get in the queue.  So if we were to tell you what's the state of the supply chain, we still are a little bit uneven with labor, still a little bit uneven with material supply. And so our lead times are still elevated to what we'd want them to be and my guess is that's contributing to customers wanting to get in line to make sure they can get the material that they need.
William Sperry: Yes. I think the contribution to gross margin that would come from unit growth and effectively dropping through incrementals at above average margin. There's a component of that, that would show up as gross margin. And then price/cost would also show up as margin and so -- as gross margin. So those two drivers, I think, are tailwinds. When we ultimately see our factory efficiency return, which we don't see yet returning in the second half but that ultimately, in the more medium term, that would come back into gross margin as well.
William Sperry: Yes, it's an interesting way to look at it. I thought you were going to talk about how our exposure would perform in a consumer-led recession as opposed to financial institution-led crisis or an industrial recession. I'm not sure I have -- I think maybe Dan and I should follow with you. I'm not sure I have good analysis at my fingertips of some of those levels versus kind of '18, '19.
William Sperry: Yes. I mean I think we're anticipating that it's going to affect our Electrical segment first, that our Electrical segment will feel it with a little more severity, that our utility segment might have a 1 or 2 quarter lag versus our Electrical and that it would probably be shallower and shorter in duration. And I think the -- some of the underlying demand provided, we're talking a little bit about the infrastructure bill, and does that provide a little ballast or not.  But the fact is we don't believe, Josh, that we're immune to this macro by any means. And that we're sitting here at halfway mark of the first year with roughly 20% sales growth and margin expansion we recognize, and price in the double digits, right? We know that, that's -- those are not kind of sustainable, like steady state kind of performance.  So we're trying to be very, very cautious and looking at these markets with a keen eye. We've chosen to invest in inventory because we see enough backlog that we feel good about being able to clear that inventory. Gerben kind of also commented on, we feel like the balance sheet is poised to invest and it's a really good time to help support the utility business with some growth capital and support the Electrical segment with some productivity capital, and that's how -- that's kind of how we're operating going forward. We think the time for us to make those investments is the second half of this year to help support '23 and '24.
William Sperry: Yes, Chris, I would say that it's been a little bit difficult for us to forecast all those variables you just highlighted with precision. And so I think where we've had trying to make sure we're not over our skews is in areas like volume and areas like price/cost. We believe there's a relationship between pricing cost such that if costs react, prices eventually will as well.  And so I guess maybe I'd answer your question by saying they're easy to see scenarios where our second half margin assumptions are conservative. We just happen to believe that's the proper posture for us to have right now. But we certainly -- I certainly understand your question and we'll -- we're going to manage our best to outperform, but that's -- we wanted to have a proper level of caution around those couple of variables that you highlighted.
William Sperry: Yes. I think that I'm hoping we emerge from this period with a higher level of margin, and that would be driven by selling C&I Lighting, investing in acquisitions that have good margins, getting innovation and new product development in areas with high margins. So I'm hoping we kind of -- when we -- I like your word normalized. So when we get to normal -- the new normal, I'm hoping we're at a higher level of margin than we entered.  And you're asking then dynamically from there, I would argue we would anticipate incremental margins to be in the mid-20s. And that's always going to be a function of how much investing are we doing versus are you just purely harvesting new volumes. But that would be my expectation for our financial model over the next couple of years.
William Sperry: Yes. I wouldn't say that our estimates have changed in the last couple of months. I'd say there continues to be a lot of uncertainty. But it does feel to us like our relationships with that top tier of channel partners is really strong. I think Gerben was alluding to it and talking about pricing. It's been a very hand in glove and close relationship process over the last couple of years. And they've required us to communicate early. They've required us to be coordinated in how we do things as opposed to try to disrupt how their systems load prices.  And I think the grades certainly, that Gerben and I get when we meet with senior leadership are quite favorable in terms of helping manage through this pricing environment. And I would say maybe underlying this is the obvious point that this price increases have not damage demand in any way, right? We haven't hit some elasticity point as such that demand would go down. And therefore, maybe it's been easy that we and our channel partners are on the kind of the same side of the table as it were.  But I would say that the sales and marketing teams doing some -- have some interesting initiatives about utilizing better tools for cross-selling, organizing better materials for vertical market sales and getting kind of humbled to compete collectively with solutions in some of those markets rather than one-off product sales. And I think I'd say, Chris, we feel really good about that. But I wouldn't say we've upped our forecast in the last 2 months, really.
William Sperry: Yes. I mean I think it's -- I think what you're asking is if we're gaining share right now, would we expect to keep that? I would say, we would. I think we feel that we're supporting our customers by investing in new products, investing in capacity. We hear feedback from them that others aren't doing that. And so yes, Chris, I mean I expect that there's stickiness and reward for support during a choppy and challenging operating environment. So we think so.
William Sperry: Yes. I think it's a dynamic that we're going to be watching really carefully. We haven't provided much detail and it's largely because it's hard for us to really anticipate steel and copper and aluminum costs. We think that price will be in sympathy with those costs up or down.  And I think, Steve, for us too, the amount of nonmaterial inflation that we've been experiencing in the form of things like salaries, wages, health care, all the kind of stuff, transports, that's not in materials has really been significantly above the amount of productivity we've been able to generate. And so that's put kind of a higher burden on our price because we can't cover -- whatever the economists, if they're telling us inflation is at 9%, we're not -- we don't have 9% productivity, right?  So I think we are assuming, therefore, price can't come down quickly as materials because there's a lot of other inflation. So we're sort of netting all that stuff in sort of our guidance and our outlook. And it will be interesting as we get to maybe our October call, and we maybe talk about our '23 setup and as we get to our January call when we give guidance. That, I think the variable that you're asking about is potentially one of the most significant variables.  So we got -- we're going to do a lot of analysis on it. We're watching it very closely. And I agree with your premise, I guess, that it sets up to have a favorable contribution toward '23.
William Sperry: Yes. I mean, to us, it still feels good. And that's why it's almost feel like watching some of these consumer-facing companies and seeing what's happening. It feels a little maybe uncorrelated right now. But for now, what we see, the nonres is healthy.
William Sperry: No, double digits. So it represents about 15% of the segment. And it's been down double digits. So it's a pretty good drag, unfortunately.
