Bill Sperry: Yes. So, I just wanted to walk everybody through two bridges on page 12. It's a bridge that shows the guidance that Gerben just gave and disaggregates some of the pieces, and then I wanted to show you a two-year walk on the next page. So, for here you see us starting at $7.58 growing roughly 10% to get to that range of $8.10 to $8.50. The first driver is the very welcome return of volume. And so we've got -- as Gerben was highlighting at 6% to 8% sales growth where acquisitions are providing about 3% of that. So, 3% to 5% organic, but with 1% of price which is over to the right. So, this is that balance of 2% to 4% of volume dropping through at 30% to 40%. And again very welcome to see that, very happy to see the order book supporting that growth as we start the year. The acquisitions we've got about $0.25 here in the acquisition bucket. You all had $0.05 already as we had talked about AccelTex back in October, the two new deals that we closed in December, providing an additional incremental $0.20. And then on restructuring we're anticipating lower investment by about $10 million and incremental savings from what we invested last year create a really important lift to our earnings profile and we get to price cost productivity. We're anticipating a year of strong price realization. We've already been to the market. There's not obviously one simple unilateral lever on price. It's brand by brand business-by-business. We've started already pulling those levers in January and throughout the first quarter. Inflation had continued to persist and so it's a very organic process but we need to keep revisiting and make sure we pull price to the extent that we need to as we realize the commodity inflation that you see listed next. Also in this productivity area and cost area is the return of the temporary benefits that we enjoyed in 2020, namely items like furlough savings, T&E and medical savings, and some of the tariff refunds and exclusions that roll off as well as other investments that we want to make in the business. And on the non-operating side we see the tailwind of pension and interest expense partially being offset by a small increase in taxes to get to a range of $8.10 to $8.50 for the year. I also wanted to flip to 13 and show you how 2019 walks to 2021. For us, it was interesting to note that our volumes in 2021 will still be lagging the levels they were at in 2019. And so you see the income lost with that volume in that first bar. But what was really important to us in how we manage the financial performance of the company is we see the incremental acquisitions continuing to be an adder. We see the restructuring program taking out fixed costs, simplifying our footprint, being in our control, and something that's really providing a positive lift to the story a very careful management of price cost productivity. So, certainly, there are times when the inflation can be persistently steep where we can get behind by three months and six months. But through a two-year cycle, we will certainly catch up and be ahead. And so we thought this picture was helpful to show how even with less volume we think we've got both the investing capability and the execution capability to drive earnings above the 2019 level. So, that concludes our prepared remarks and we're happy to take questions operator.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we're talking about is the strict drop-through on the volume will be in that range. The decrementals were driven by offsets from things like the restructuring savings as well as the fact that Power Systems was actually growing and providing incremental. So -- but that drop-through we think just purely on the volume can be in that 30%-range-plus. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. We're going to have to see ultimately what happens in commodities. So it's a little hard to see how persistent they will be. For example, I think there's one view that says that steel capacity can come back online in the second half, which would moderate some of the increases, but it's possible copper keeps going just to pick two big ones for us Jeff. So I think we're going to have to be very nimble and continue to revisit price with our customers continually and watch those commodity costs really carefully.
Bill Sperry: Yes, we spent 10.5x trailing Steve. So that's in a pandemic year. So I'm hoping by the time we own them for a year and operate them, we'll own them at south of that for our first year of ownership. But on a trailing basis it's 10.5x. 
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I don't know that, there's anything terribly noteworthy in mix. I do think you're right that, if power outgrows that's mix friendly and as C&I Lighting, which would be in this non-res area that you're talking about is a lower margin part of our portfolio so that lagging is not the biggest contributor through growth. So I'm not sure – those pieces are there, but I'm not sure it's super notable to how we're thinking of the year. 
Bill Sperry: Yeah. 2020 is not a clean comp. So there was refund that was chunky in the fourth quarter of 2019, but then there were also exclusions throughout the year that rolled off. And so our net tariff rate in 2021 will be higher than 2020. So that's just something else that we have to manage with price and productivity as part of the part of the package, but that's contemplated in that PCP bar that you see in the guidance.
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I think that – I wouldn't say that we've seen evidence of near-term form factor changes like ultimately lighting someday maybe a piece of film on the ceiling or something and that doesn't feel to be around the corner per se. And so our approach is to continue to make sure we invest in our product line, make sure we have the proper breadth of quality product. We keep investing in the front end to make sure we have the right agents helping us get to market and we keep taking cost out of the back end. So of that restructuring for example, one of the projects is consolidating a lighting facility into a lower cost facility that we've got. So we think, we can keep doing better with what's there. We were quite encouraged that the lighting industry is asking for price increases in early January. It's too early Chris for me to say, how much that sticks. But our major competitors amongst the conglomerates were all recognizing the need to ask for price. And so that's kind of a good sign, I think and so that's how we're looking at it. We're keen to focus on margin there. We don't want to chase volumes that might have unattractive margins attached to it. So we're not focused per se just on growth for growth's sake. And that's how we'll keep running the business.
Bill Sperry: Yes. It was around -- we saw the orders inflect Chris in December. And as January has unfolded we've got a month in the books with a double-digit order book. And there's questions as to is that sustainable for the year. We're not predicting so. There can be reasons why maybe customers are restocking a little bit and maybe they didn't chase volume. They might have been managing their inventories in December. So there can be a reason for it to be a little bit above sustainable level, but we're encouraged to see that after the first 30 calendar days of the year. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the last shock that we really had to manage that created a sharp inflection point was the introduction of tariffs and we felt really good about during the course of a couple of years how that was managed through price. And so this is the next one. And would I say that we feel better set up to get price now than we did then?  t might be a little more equal footing in the sense that somebody might have had a different supply chain and tariffs could have affected different supply chains differently versus this is really being driven by commodities that we all put into our products. And -- as a LIFO company we recognize the higher cost soon. Is there a FIFO company that can delay I mean that all gets squeezed out over the course of an inventory turn, right? So I think, maybe marginally the fact that we're all facing the pressures makes -- and certainly the early behavior in January of competitors on price suggests that it's broader-based than just Hubbell trying to force it through. So I think the setup feels okay, but we've got to keep watching where commodities go and you always end up worrying about price elasticity ultimately and do you affect demand by adding small increments to the price. But I think it feels like a decent setup to us. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, it would spread out Josh, between three to four quarters to get it all out there. So, maybe between what you're asking.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The -- that revenue is already acquired for the M&A piece. And yes, on the R&R, you've got both levers working. We anticipate spending a little less and then, we're going to get savings off the $0.43 that we spent this year. So those two are combining for that green bar there.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, if you lengthen the lens, there had been a period of price competitiveness that for the last couple of years actually, there had been some decent pushback on that and the curtailment of that and we've seen a couple of years of actually getting price in lighting. So, the last quarter or two has been kind of a slip back. And so, it's a good question as to why we would be confident that that would be arrested after half a year. And the reason is really because of the behavior that we saw amongst the players. So -- but you're right to raise the question that we'll need time needs to prove how much of that will stick. And you're asking about kind of the international entrants and I don't think, we'd expect them to be as disciplined as the group that I was referencing and who've asked for price.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, the way we're planning this is more akin to the last thing that you said. And yet if you're asking, is it possible that, it is a lumpier business than we're used to with Power Systems and so, it is possible that things get pulled forward. But I think Gerben was highlighting one of the important parts of this, which is that it's not really exclusively a demand question. There's also the installation process and having the people to do that and the crews and the time. And so, we're just anticipating that that comes off. It's not just someone pushing a button and ordering something. It's got to be installed. And so, that's why we're thinking, it's going to be maybe a little smoother than what you're saying which is couldn't it jump up to double digits per year and then taper back to 5%, which is how I'm interpreting your question. I just think it will be a little smoother than that.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And Jeff, maybe just to add a comment to that. I think the timing of the commodities going up late last year was actually good for us because that's the time at which we're naturally going out with price increases. So we did that. Unfortunately, commodities have continued to spike throughout December into January. And as Bill stated, we absolutely need to be nimble. We're already going out with more price increases here in the first quarter, I think the positive is that the price increases that we enacted last year starting in January 1 have generally stuck well. So that gives us confidence that these next tranches of price increases should do okay as well. But definitely, an area of focus for us this year. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. This Steve is a typical Utility business tuck-in where the other nice thing from it is we get those synergies pretty quickly. Within the first couple of years, we'll see those. So margins kind of within the first few years in line with the rest of the Utility business. So really right down the center for us.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah. Maybe one comment to add there as we think to 2021, and we look at the two pieces the 50% that's new construction, the 50% that's rental. We're thinking along the lines that the new construction is down in that high single digits and we're correlating that with what others are saying, what we're seeing in some of the data. And then the rental will be in up GDP-ish mid-single digits and that's how we get to our end market projection.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, I think you're right on your assessment of that. This is right down what we call distribution automation. And this is a business that even before we acquired Aclara and when I ran that Utility business, we talked about investing it. We actually broke out a group to focus on that. We developed products our recloser products for example what was that. So we'd actually been looking at Beckwith for a number of years already. But this is controls for distribution automation. What the nice thing about it is and on that slide that Bill talked about on the organic development, you see actually a controller there that controls a 3-phase re-closer, which we recently launched with the Beckwith controls. So it's distribution automation that Beckwith supplies, and it fits really well with the components – the other distribution components that we have on the grid.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe to add to -- I hear very recently as we engaged with one of our large customers as a result of the Electrical segment consolidation and that coming together, I was part of very robust discussions about how we could increase our lighting exposure with this company. So I think it's -- we're seeing some of the benefits of that Electrical segment coming together. And I think we'll see some of the benefits there in lighting. As Bill stated, we want profitable growth in this business for sure. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe one comment to add to that particularly on the Utility business, and again from experience having run that, generally we look at a little bit longer cycles in that business both with getting and giving price long-term relationships with our customers. So we just land up in January. We're not going to be able to wait until the natural renewal of contracts here later this year. But that one probably will tend to lag a little bit more than on the electrical side but we're clearly on top of it and going after it. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. If I understand the question correct is the pent-up demand going to create some increased future demand? And I think there is pent-up demand. I'm not sure though, that it will lead necessarily to a big spike because, one of the things with these projects to put them in is a labor requirement and labor from the utility, labor from the suppliers, and that's hard to just make up in a short time. But I do believe that, there's positive growth beyond what would be normally expected in growth given this slowdown, so that will be all for multi.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's good. I mean, I think, you're generally along the right path of that 3% to 4% and only a few years back, we would have been ecstatic with that kind of growth in the Utility business. You could see, it maybe a little bit lumpy and that's mostly related to our transmission portfolio that we have. But you're thinking along the right lines of that 3%, 4% growth on a secular basis.
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think what we're trying to pull and the actions that we've entertained is to get a point of price as we sit here starting the year. And as Jeff was asking, we're just going to have to monitor commodities closely to see how adequate that has arisen to see ultimately if we're going to need to do more. But there are a lot of pieces that we're not going to get super granular on in that bucket Tommy including some investments that we want to make and including the return of some costs that left last year as a result of working from home and all of that.
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think if you stick with the new construction side, it would be worse than our guide would be our expectation. And yet we think the MRO piece can be a little bit better. And maybe the only anecdote that I'd add for you Tommy is just thinking about there's a significant amount of national account business that's in the MRO piece as whether it's a quick-serve restaurant or convenience stores or others or large box retailers manage their own real estate and upgrade it. And those projects are frankly nice to have not must-have. And so that can contribute and help the MRO. In other words you don't need a lot of decision makers to say, hey, let's get back to making our space look better to get that MRO piece re-growing again. So maybe that's the anecdote that I'd add for you.
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think Nigel that we did experience that on the new construction side. So that's definitely the softer piece of our exposure there for sure.
