James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made also could include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And now with that, let me turn the call over to Dave.
James Farrell: Yes, Steve, I would say a couple of things. First, you saw the charges that we signaled that will be in the Power segment in the second quarter, so you have those. And secondly, I think the industrial mix comment that we made on Q1 continues, maybe a little less pronounced in Q1, but we'll have a little bit more of that into the second quarter. So I would expect the first half to be down, and then I would expect the second half to be strong to get you to that 40.
James Farrell: Yes. So I would say, again, that would be low-single digits first half, and then it strengthens in the second. The order pattern that the guys described in April is sort of increasing a little bit we reported to in the first quarter, that as that build to 4-ish in the second, somewhere in that range. We're starting to see visibility to that, which would suggest the second half is a lot higher.
James Farrell: Yes, as Bill said, thanks for hanging in there and joining us today. Certainly, I'm available if anyone has any follow-up questions that you'd like to follow up on. And we'll talk to you soon. Thanks very much.
David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Let me give you a few highlights for the quarter, a little bit of color, and then we'll let Bill Sperry take you through the details. I think, as you see, we're reporting results of $1.10 per share on sales of $740 million, very much consistent with how we expected the year to start, although, obviously, the pieces are always moving around to get there. Our sales were up 2%, a big part of that coming from acquisitions, both the ones from last year, as well as the acquisition that we completed earlier this year, Continental Industries. But the sales -- what I want to make sure we don't miss is the sales volume still holding up at a very high level when we look at -- compared to last year. You'd recall, last year had a very strong start, particularly on the Power Systems, so we're pleased. I'm particularly pleased that, that level of activity and volume has continued. But our expectations for the year has always been a bias toward the back half, where the growth would start to come in. Our margins are below last year but -- for a couple of reasons, and we'll talk more in detail. We had a plant closing that we had talked about -- Bill Sperry talked about back when we met at the end of February, one of our Power Systems plant that we started the closing activity, and that's part of our normal ongoing continued focus on productivity and cost reduction. And as well, we were impacted by some mix issues, particularly in our industrial, where we've had lower industrial volume, and that's particularly a higher-margin volume, both high voltage and the Harsh & Hazardous. And as you'll also note that we had the benefit of the R&D tax credit that came through in the quarter. And because it wasn't approved until after the first of the year but applied retroactively to last year, we had -- the benefit of 2012 having to be reflected in the first quarter. So all in all, I'm pleased with the start to the year. I think it provides continued support for our expectations for the year. Across our platforms, the Electrical Systems platform, as I said, had weaker industrial markets, but acquisitions continued to contribute. We were very active on the acquisition front last year and expect that to continue this year. On the lighting side of the business, we've seen growth -- continued growth in that business. New construction, there's pockets of activity, and we're seeing -- particularly on the non-residential commercial business, we're starting to see some signs of growth, but that's, again, very modest expectations and against a very difficult market over the last few years, but certainly, the residential market being very positive. And on the Power side, as I said, last year was an exceptionally strong start to the year, so I'm pleased that we're continuing at that high level of activity from last year. And I think the margin in Power Systems really impacted mostly from the cost of the facility consolidation, but I think, in all of our businesses, the one thing that we are facing that's a little bit different than we expected coming into the year was a little bit more challenging pricing environment. And that's surprising in a slower growth environment but one that we have a lot of experience and we continue to navigate through. So I mentioned the acquisition activity continues to be positive. We closed on the acquisition of Continental Industries back in January. That's integrating well, and our pipeline is -- continues to be active and expanding with a number of deals being evaluated and processed. And I expect this year to be a fairly active year. Some of the other items. We had our analyst meeting, since we last spoke in January, in New York, where I think many of you attended or certainly, if you couldn't, you listened to. Those who attended had the opportunity to see firsthand some of our product display and meet with some of our business leaders and to get more insights into those products. We've also had some leadership changes since we last spoke. You saw one announcement. Most recently, we have a new Corporate Controller, Joe Capozzoli. He's replacing Darrin Wegman. Darrin has been our Controller for about 5 years, came out of our operations, and he's now moving back into a general manager role, actually leading our wiring systems and our industrial products, so we're expecting some big things from him on our industrial products side. And another area that many of you have commented in the past and inquired we're adding some resources to and that's on the tax side. We brought on a new Vice President of Taxes, Jim Van Hoof, to make sure that we are adding to our capabilities and focusing on what is a significant cost driver in our business. So a lot of good things going on and a lot more to come. But let me now turn it over to Bill, and he could take you through the details of the quarter.
David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So I'm on Page 16. So I think what you've heard is a lot of things going on in the first quarter but all contemplated in our expectations for the year. I think starting on the top line, we're still expecting that our top line sales growth will be 3% to 5% compared to last year, with about 2 points of that coming from trends -- the acquisitions that we've done during the course of 2012 and then what we've done so far this year. I'll say there's an upside to that for acquisitions that we closed this year, but we don't contemplate that in our guidance. I think 3 months ago, I would have said that, that felt that 3% to 5% was a lot more conservative, but I think the results of the first quarter and the level of activity suggest that the year didn't start any better than we have thought. So I think it might still have some conservatism, we hope, but not necessarily at the level that we had 3 months ago. And certainly, it's a more challenging period to try and forecast that, as we saw in the first quarter with tremendous volatility in our order patterns in January, when we talked about very strong orders and then flowing back off on February and coming back, but I think all driving to supporting our low-single digit organic growth. I think the other dynamic that we're faced in our forecasting besides the market volatility is a bit of a shift in our business from what was more heavily weighted toward project-related business over the last couple of years on the Power side, particularly on transmission, on the high voltage side and even some of the harsh and hazardous, to more short-cycle, short-term book-and-build business that we're looking at other metrics to make sure that we're having a basis to forecast. We're very comfortable with what we're doing but of course, those markets can always change. I think that flip side of that is, and I think Bill mentioned on our high voltage side, we've started to see that business start to book the orders that start to give us confidence on that side of the house for later this year and certainly, into 2014. And that provides some support. On the margin side, we're still expecting to improve margins by 40 basis points. Certainly, that's what we're targeting, although, as I mentioned earlier, the pricing environment is turning out to be a lot more challenging so that puts some additional pressure on that. But we do -- what we normally do is focus on the pricing, but also look at our productivity opportunities, and I think to some extent, that's why you're seeing some of the acceleration of the plant closings that we had contemplated. We usually try to do them on a more ratable basis during the year, but we work with Bill Foley and his team to try and accelerate some -- to try and develop those productivity cost savings earlier, certainly toward the end of this year and setting up for 2014. But it's also -- that margin is also based on what is clearly a second half bias volume pickup, that volume will be a big contributor to the incrementals. That can lead to that improvement, but still expecting and targeting that 40 basis points. Free cash flow. Still on track to deliver free cash flow equal to net income. And the tax rate in the -- for the year, still targeting at the 31.5%, which has contemplated in it the R&D tax credit for 2013, as well as the catch-up from 2012. So all of these continuing to provide the basis for our plans to continue to deliver strong results in 2013, following our strong results last year. So with that, I'll open it up -- turn it back to Jim and our moderator and open it up to questions.
David G. Nord: Yes, Chris. The second facility is also in Power, it's the same enclosures business within Power segment. So it's kind of a couple of plant shifts and consolidation opportunity from a relatively recent acquisition that gave us the opportunity to move some of that volume into our existing footprint. And I think you should expect that, that would probably cover, I think, some of the chunkier activity that we expect for the year. And I think you should expect that returns that we get on this spending is pretty attractive for us.
David G. Nord: It certainly is built around the commercial side. And I think that's -- keep in mind that, that's growth off of really low levels, but we're looking for any signs. I think an overused term is the green shoots, but I think we view the growth in orders turning at least positive to be supportive of what we've said is going to be a low-single digit growth year, but starting on that path.
David G. Nord: Okay, sure. Yes, certainly, we saw, as we mentioned back on the fourth quarter call, a lot of volatility between December and January. And as I've been out with our distributor partners and other customers, I guess, I get some level of comfort. I'm amazed at how many people saw the same dynamic, almost exactly the same, the numbers are slightly different. And then they've sort of seen things the same way that we have where February kind of dropped back off to virtually flat and then starting to get back to in March. More consistent with what we expected overall, which is kind of the low-single digit. And I think that's -- as we've exited March into April, I think that's continued so -- which is certainly from our standpoint, much better to manage through a consistent, albeit low-single digit growth, but much more consistency. But again, as I've always said, I'm always cautious even in the month of April when you're less than halfway through the month to draw an absolute conclusion. But we're feeling better that there's a lot of green numbers along the way, if not big green numbers on our order chart, and hopefully, we can continue to build on that.
David G. Nord: Yes, I mean, Rich, that -- I mean, pricing in most of our businesses is more challenging, I think, particularly in those businesses on the Power side where it's historically been tied around the commodity-based. But I think what we're seeing is while commodities have certainly moderated and most recently, have even come down more, there are certainly other material cost headwinds that we've got to deal with, particularly, for example, product coming out of China, where they're dealing with other cost inflation issues. On the lighting side, it's a little bit more difficult to try and sort through what is pure pricing on a comparable basis and what is pricing that's attributable to LED and the lower cost associated with that. So overall pricing levels can be down, but not necessarily in the case of LED, with a margin detriment. So that one's a little bit more of a challenge to even separate that. But clearly, there's pricing dynamics that aren't really positive on the lighting side.
David G. Nord: Right. I mean, I'll tell you broadly that our -- the strength in last year was really in the first half. So you still have some tough compares in the second quarter. But maybe Jim can take you through some of the more specific.
David G. Nord: We're not expecting that, and as I mentioned, pricing has been more challenging with a slow growth. And while the good news is that you've got some more commodity -- continued commodity moderation, customers are quick to recognize that. They'd like to get some of that back. So we're fighting to -- obviously, price cost was favorable. We had a lot of tailwind last year, following some challenges in the prior year, and that's the volatility we're looking for this year to be relatively neutral on the price cost side.
David G. Nord: I guess price could be down, but we're not -- I think as I mentioned, I think there's other inflationary pressures that we need to deal with, particularly as I've talked about in the past, employee-related costs, specifically health care costs that aren't going to go away. You've had spikes from time to time in energy cost, and all those things have to be dealt with. We continue to try and offset them with productivity. But some of those are coming our way in some of our purchased materials and with price increases on the other side. So I think that's how it plays out.
David G. Nord: The retrofit is -- continues to be a good market for us. We -- there's growth in that business. I think our business tends to be, and others may as well, but certainly ours is very project-oriented, national-account-oriented, so it can be more volatile. It's not a ratable business. So if you've got -- we have a national account that had a major retrofit effort last year, and they're tailing back on that, so you're going to have periods from time to time that are up and down. So ours was not up in a big way this quarter, but we still think that's a good market and we're very well positioned in that market.
David G. Nord: Well, I mean, the growth rate, the implied growth rate is just better than 0. It's in very low-single digits, so it really is the early indications of turning to positive from negative. So I don't want to overstate how excited we are other than we like it being positive. And the lead times of some of the project-oriented are consistent with how they've been in the past, I mean, some of those can be 3, 6, 9 months, depends really on the project.
David G. Nord: For the most part, I never want to say it's out of the question, but those schedules are usually pretty fixed. I mean, there's -- the amount of movement would not be material to our level of activity certainly for this year.
Richard Michael Kwas: Dave, could you just touch on the order trends as the quarter went on? You provided some color -- some updated color, but just wanted to see how March ended for you and what you're seeing in early part of April. Back in January, you talked about the fourth quarter had weakened and then you saw that rally a bit in January. And so just wanted to get some more color, it seems -- because it seems like there's some mixed signals out there and just some update there would be helpful.
Richard Michael Kwas: Okay, I hear you. That's helpful. And then as it relates to Harsh & Hazardous and the high voltage business, for high volt, you have some easing comparisons as you move through the rest of this year. I imagine the Harsh & Hazardous business is a lot stiffer in terms of the comps. So with the kind of the weakness you saw in the first quarter, it seems like high volt seem at least to get less worse here near term, potentially see some growth at the end of the year. But then how are you thinking about growth in Harsh & Hazardous -- or I should say performance in Harsh & Hazardous top line as the year moves forward?  [Technical Difficulty]
Richard Michael Kwas: I was just asking about high voltage and Harsh & Hazardous. The high voltage piece of the business faces easing comparisons as you move through the rest of the year, but Harsh & Hazardous I imagine is facing tougher comparisons. So any color on -- I imagine high volt get less worse. That's the expectation as the year goes on, maybe there's some growth at the end of the year. Harsh & Hazardous, those tougher comparison, given what happened in the first quarter, how are you thinking about the performance in both those businesses as we move through '13? [Technical Difficulty]
William R. Sperry: And Rich, I think, just building on some of that to give you a little more color. Our book-to-bill in the first quarter was above 1, and that's typical for us in the first quarter. So even as Dave's describing kind of inconsistent between the months, when you aggregate it up, it kind of behaved like the first quarter does. And as well, I think the first few weeks of April were showing an order pattern that's very consistent with how we are planning our year. So the pieces are a little variable, but they're sort of adding up to kind of where we were planning to be.
William R. Sperry: So Rich, I'm sorry you were in the middle of a question. I don't know if everybody's still on and somehow it went dead on our end, and we couldn't hear anything. We tried another phone, it didn't work.
William R. Sperry: You guys could all hear us, but somehow we couldn't hear, so we just kept talking. But you asked about high voltage, and you're right that we really don't rely terribly much on market indicators or forecasts. We just use our order book. And as you pointed out, that order book is supporting some growth against some easy compares in the second half. And your question highlighted the fact that Harsh & Hazardous is a little bit harder because they had strengths, and that's true. But again, based on third-party data of rig count, as well as our operating folks' insights into the business, they actually still believe they can grow despite a soft first quarter, grow for the whole year. So that feels more like an anomaly in the quarter rather than some kind of secular shift in the Harsh & Hazardous business.
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we grew lighting at about 4%. Resi was obviously leading that growth. And LED for us continues to be kind of in the 20% range so that still continues to be a really good kind of revolutionizing technology that we think still has a lot of legs to keep growing.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think Dave gave a macro comment on pricing, and certainly, the lighting guys face it as much as anybody to the extent that they get bid kind of business.
William R. Sperry: The underlying dynamic, Steve, for us in Power, the predominating revenue stream continues to be distribution, which tends to have an MRO component to it and the economic viability of the networks depend on utilities really doing a good job of maintaining those networks. So with this, that simple kind of tailwind should be able to grow that business. In addition, some of that housing cycle here, as we get more home construction, that last mile hookup should help create some distribution more on the construction as opposed to the maintenance side. But I think you're starting to get at an interesting question, maybe more around some of those transmission projects. And as that activity, which is a smaller percentage of our whole, but from a very high level, it is -- I agree with you, it is hard to keep growing that. That said, the visibility we have for now suggest that it can -- into '14, it can continue to grow.
William R. Sperry: No, I think there are very different drivers, right? I think the maintenance side of distribution, which you're right, is -- can be a very small piece parts that go onto those poles, that should be sort of a GDP kind of driver to it, as opposed to transmission, which should have more of a construction and project driver. I think that they are drivers, yes.
William R. Sperry: It's hard for me to attribute, Mike, any of the dynamics in our pipeline to the markets. But as Dave pointed out, we have been investing some people in this effort. We've been putting more time into it. And if you were to gauge our pipeline right now, we'd say it's a little bit stronger than it's been for a year or so. So I don't know if I can correlate that to any situation in the market or to the fact that we're putting some resources into it. But all that really matters to us is that we're finding some really compelling strategic fits out there at good valuations that we think will be able to allow us to strengthen the strategic position of our portfolio of brands, become more important to our customers and be able to add value to those things that we buy and create shareholder value out of it. So we are feeling good about that level of activity that we're seeing.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Noelle, nothing has changed from our original January guidance. The consolidation costs were contemplated in our full year guidance. We just were unsure of the exact timing of when those would come through.
William R. Sperry: Yes. It's difficult to parse it between those segments. I think that we had been -- had a pretty aggressive year last year in pulling price. As you remember, we were sort of making up for some headwind we had in '11. And I think we were efficient at getting price back in '12. And I think we're finding ourselves to be at an interesting resistance point and elasticity point there, which is what Dave's referring to. And the cost side for them, their raws are in a very benign environment, but some of the componentry that the Power Systems group utilizes, I think for some of the reasons Dave was highlighting on the personnel side, et cetera, get some upward cost pressure. So that creates an interesting dynamic I think on if it's a big, large transmission project, you can get a reasonably competitive bid going, and you're describing some of the international business parse outs. They, too, are involved in bids and projects, so it's a competitive segment for sure.
William R. Sperry: Well, so they had -- you saw that they had the contribution from deals in the 3% kind of range. And high volt was down double digits. So you can figure out, I guess, what it was x that. I don't know, Jim, if there's...
William R. Sperry: First of all, thanks, everybody, for putting up with our technical difficulty and hanging on the call. Appreciate that.
