James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full year results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
James Farrell: Rich, the residential was a bigger contributor to that. So resi was higher than the overall and C&I was in the low to mid-single digits.
James Farrell: So, everyone, thanks again for joining us this morning. And certainly, if any of you have any follow-up questions, you can certainly contact me throughout the day and into tomorrow. So thanks again for joining us.
David G. Nord: Okay, great. So on Page 18, just a few comments on our end markets and our overall outlook. I think, as we look through the end markets, we think, certainly, they're poised for continued growth next year overall. I think starting with the non-res market, I think there's some good outlook there. Certainly, we expect the continuation of the investment and the opportunity coming from the energy efficiency, particularly in our Lighting side. But hopefully, we'll see some additional investment on the new construction than on the more traditional non-residential. I think the industrial side, we expect to see that continue to grow in the 2% to 3% range. We've seen some of the improvement on the high voltage side, but really, on our core industrial, for the most part. I would say that when you get into the Harsh & Hazardous, there'll be a little bit of mixed performance there. I think the oil and gas will continue to improve next year. I think the mining side of the business, we'll still have some challenges, as they've seen this year. And then I think the utility side, we think that's going to, at least at this point, be flat. We certainly hope that turns out to be conservative. But I think from the experience we've had this year, particularly on the transmission side, but even the challenges that the utilities have seen on distribution being able to fund investment, we're a little more cautious on that. As Bill mentioned, we were surprised by the weakness. We signaled that earlier on as soon as we saw that, particularly in transmission. And we've seen that, although our orders in December were a little bit better, but I can't say that's the case in January. And some of that is -- may be attributable again to the severe weather conditions that we're dealing with. I think that's also a market that what we've seen this year and I think some of the impact on our business in the past year has been on some of the competitive pressures on pricing. And we continue to maintain discipline on that front, but I think we expect that -- we've taken some hard look at some of our cost and we're going to take some more aggressive positions on cost. Lastly, on the residential side, we're forecasting that market to be up 10%. I think a year ago, we said that 10% might have been a little bit conservative. I'm not sure I would say that this year. I think as you've seen the data on housing starts and permits and most recently new home sales, I think that is -- we're paying close attention to that. On the other hand, I would say that I'm very optimistic about our ability to perform in those markets. And our team, particularly in our Progress Lighting side, is very well positioned. They've performed very well. I was just with them a couple of weeks ago at the Dallas market for residential lighting, and the customer feedback that I received was very complimentary about the Progress team ability to perform this year, far better than many of the competitors. And so -- and we see some of that continuing. So very optimistic about that. So when you put that all together, we think there's overall growth of end markets in the 2% to 3%. Turning the page, how does that play out for our segments? On the Power side, which is a little less than 1/3 of the business, we see that business up 2% to 3% overall, with acquisitions contributing 2% of that. And on the Electrical side, up 6% to 7%, with the non-res and res growth, and acquisitions contributing 3%. So overall sales, up 5% to 6%. It's a balanced contribution between both acquisitions and organic, which is the model that we like, and that's on acquisitions that have been completed. Operating margin expansion up 20 to 30 basis points. It's a little bit lower than our normal guidance simply because from the acquisitions that we've done, we think there'll be a short-term margin dilution of about 10 basis points. So the core business, still up 30 to 40 basis points. Tax rate, up a little bit. We go through this cycle every other year on R&D tax credits, so since it hasn't been extended, we're assuming a rate that doesn't have an R&D tax credit. If that changes, we'll let you know. And free cash flow, equal to net earnings. So, Bill, I don't know if you want to add any additional comment to that.
David G. Nord: So I think, just wrapping up, our performance last year clearly demonstrates our ability to deliver improved performance even in the uneven markets. We finished the year strong. We look forward to building on that next year. And the entire team really is unifying around our One Hubbell approach as we look to exceed expectations at every level of our organization. So with that, Jim, you can open it up to questions.
David G. Nord: Yes. Chris, I would just add to that. I think I don’t want to lose sight of and I don’t want to put undue pressure, but maybe it's good that I put some pressure on Bill Tolley. But a significant part of what I'm expecting him to add support to is not simply more of the same when it comes to acquisitions. I would say, to make sure that we can put more emphasis on much more of the same or more of the different, the larger, the more strategic transactions that we've talked about, we've put some energy around, but that's just one more step in, in putting more energy around those types of transactions. That's what he's going to be spending a lot of his time on, which he's got great experience from the breadth of his experience in the organization to really help facilitate that. So that's a big part of what we're talking about.
David G. Nord: No. Actually, some of the things that have occurred out there that we've looked at, I think, have been consistent with our point of view of valuation. There hasn't been anything that we've been considering that is not actionable because of prices. It's more of other influences that come into play in whether it's actionable and the timing of actionability. So it really is just more of a probably a longer lead time to actionability on larger deals.
William R. Sperry: I think it's worth, Dave, maybe just reminding the call about Hubbell's seasonality. We tend to, in a typical seasonal year, get more of our sales out of the back half of the year, typically order of magnitude historically may be 52%, and from an earnings perspective, even a little bit more than that. And I think, for the first half, first quarter tends not to be -- is less of a contributor than the second. So -- and I think, as Dave -- when you talked about what we can see from January orders, it's not -- we don't -- we're not getting a clear vision. We've talked with you over the past year about month-to-month some slightly erratic order behavior. Dave mentioned the weather. December and January are interesting months because you sometimes get customers being motivated by incentives, which pulls more orders forward. And so in any case, it's a -- just remind everybody of the seasonality of which this annual outlook has embedded in it. And also, I guess, from that tax rate, just to remind everyone as well, that there really was a concentration in the first quarter of a lower rate last year, so the -- of the headwind, it will be a little bit more pronounced in the first quarter.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure, Chris, that we see a lot of competitive change. I think that the nature maybe of some of the -- on the C&I side, maybe some of the relight projects, there may be some lumpiness and share shifting that can go on as big customers do a bunch of projects and then maybe they pause. And but I don't see a big shift or change per se in the competitive dynamics.
William R. Sperry: Yes, we would describe it, Chris, as being highly liquid and poised for investment. You're looking at it compared to the last few years' annual run rate, which I think is one way to look at it. I think another is to consider that we did BURNDY for $355 million, right? And so I think having the optionality of the cash on-hand to be able to do BURNDY and bigger-sized deals, I think, is a competitive and strategic and value-creating advantage for us right now.
William R. Sperry: Yes. Well, there was just more things in there than productivity, Chris. So something like pension, for example, that was lower. We sort of expanded the bucket from productivity to say lower cost.
William R. Sperry: I think that price is one angle to that, Rich. And whether you're kind of price leading and putting pressure on even maintaining share versus the market, I think that's one consideration, but other than that, we would try -- the barrier is making sure you're doing -- I kind of invert the question little bit in the way Dave challenges our operating team is what are the ways to outperform the end markets? How much capital do you need for new product development and the like? And how aggressive can you invest in productivity so you can be a price leader? So we sort of take your question and invert it as we do our strategic planning and challenge our teams to try to outperform. In this case, I think you're right to say the way we've -- the way we're starting the year is to assume performance, which is again given some of that caution that Dave mentioned and some of the pieces of the end-market pie, really.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So let's start with high volt. So as you pointed out, they had a very strong double-digit fourth quarter, very strong outperformance, which came against kind of an easy lap versus last year. And so they're kind of recreating the inverse of this year by having that tougher comparison the second half, and so a little bit easier time growing in the first half. So your assumption on that is right. Your question on growth within lighting: The LED adoption rate in December was very strong and breached the 30% level, which was a good breakthrough for us. That's a good sign for the strength of that and good sign that our lighting platform is adopting that technology very effectively.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, Steve, if we were to kind of abstract to the entire utility market, it feels to us like the average utility customer is feeling like -- that their CapEx dollars may be getting called towards the generation end, actually, as they're kind of dealing with gyrating fuel prices and making sure their fleet is properly aligned relative to natural gas versus coal. But we're finding, I think, net-net, people thinking that there's a little bit less attention and maybe less dollars available to be doing this kind of transmission and distribution spending that would affect Hubbell's level of volume. I think there's always pockets. And I certainly agree that a good transmission project can really -- can have good IRRs and it can really help. If you put some good, efficient high voltage in there or connect maybe to another FERC region, it can really lower your investment that you need to make on the generation side. So I think somebody saying that makes sense, but I think it's probably not reflective of the broader kind of general utility market as we're seeing it right now. But hopefully, that's maybe a trend of -- for the future and where we're going, because we've have some pretty soft T [ph] in those compares, which is kind of the other element of your question. Those compares start to get a little bit easier.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So I think the Sandy spending for us was in that order of magnitude of the $15 million type range of spending. And last year, we were talking about that potentially crowding-out other spending. And this year, it feels like it makes it more of a tough compare...
William R. Sperry: And Dave's describing in the cold weather affecting maintenance spending and that cold is a little bit different than what Hubbell loves, which is an ice storm that knocks down the lines that we can immediately get replaced for it for our good utility customers.
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think the first cut I'd give you, Steve, on that is the fact that the way outlook is constructed, and again we'll use third-party forecast to inform us on some of that regard, looks like the first split we make vertically is between public and private. And while private's been growing, it looks like that's continuing to grow in '14, as is expected. But I think some of the better news is that the public looks like it maybe has bottomed in '13 and should maybe return to growth. So I think from a broader perspective, that's pretty good news for us. But as far as then further slicing the verticals, we tend to be fairly kind of market represented in each of them, so we tend not to get terribly focused on what -- which verticals might be popping because we kind of try to get our fair share of each piece.
William R. Sperry: I think, Jeff, you're right to bring up the pyramid. The -- that sweet spot, middle section above commodity and below apparatus, tended to be in the high $30 billion of wholesale volume, so we always felt like, as a $3.2 billion company, that suggested lots of room within that piece for us to keep getting bigger. So that -- you're right to use that pyramid as a guide of kind of how much addressable market's there.
William R. Sperry: Yes, it was, I would say, Jeff, a very competitive year. We were, net, able to pull price but quite a small amount. And I agree with you, some of that is being influenced, I think, by the very benign commodity market. And so then your question evolves into, are there some markets that are pretty competitive? I would say you're absolutely right to point out, within the Power segment, and I'd say even particularly within Power, that large transmission sort of megaproject, as that comes up, I think people are willing to bid that pretty competitively. And I think the lighting side continues to be aggressively priced as those projects come up.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think there's, yes, just good old-fashioned price pressure there. Just call it competitiveness.
William R. Sperry: Yes, there's -- there's really 2 customers that we have for that segment. One, as you point out, is the OEM transformer manufacturer. The other is the utility who's doing field testing. And these products, Jeff, really, if I were to say the single biggest driver, it's probably emerging market electrification. So a lot of our product is going into international markets. A lot being said about emerging markets right now maybe not being the solid performers going forward that everybody's expecting, but the other side, on the OEM side, it's hard for us to say that there's net capacity. Our customers, in some cases, are getting out of certain facilities. Some are relocating to new locations. Others are adding capacity, but actually, a slightly mixed picture for us on the OE side. And so net-net, I'd say our opportunity comes on the kind of the international side.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Noelle, I'm not sure that we feel we have any crystal ball. I think some of the early optimism around hockey stick -- as the hockey stick rebounds, which is probably not the way we're planning our year. I think you're right to point out that, spring in second half, we're really hoping to see stronger growth maybe than the first. But I don't think we have any great crystal ball on that. And in terms of cycle timing, you're right to point out that some of our products, like the ROUGH-in electrical boxes, and commercial construction oriented are sort of mid-cycle spend, and things like C&I Lighting tend to be late cycle in a project [indiscernible].
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, if you were to broaden, Mike, to the last 12 that I highlighted in our conversations, that's been about 1.25x. It tends to be really more our average. What drives that multiple is obviously margin and growth rate. So it can bounce around, but if you are looking for averages, I'd think more in that 1.2x, 1.3x range is probably more what I would expect to be typical.
Charles Stephen Tusa: One of the utilities yesterday was talking a lot about continuing to put money to work in transmission projects. I just want to get a little bit of color on that. It's unclear to me whether that's a step-up actually or it's just robust and kind of at a high level. They were just talking about how the returns are allowing them to throw money at transmission. That's going to be a priority. Maybe if you could just provide a little color on that.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. How much do you think storms -- I mean, the weather impacted the 4Q utility growth there? I think you said mid-teens level of Sandy impact, but I'm not sure what that kind of referred to. Maybe put a little bit of a finer point on that.
Charles Stephen Tusa: And then just one last quick one. You guys have been giving some good color on non-res, but I guess just the kind of the vertical discussion around institutional and commercial and other areas, maybe give us a little bit of color on what you're seeing today and what you expect for '14.
