Tim Powers: Thanks, Jim. Welcome and thank you for joining us this morning. Before go into the specifics of the quarter, I want to bring everyone up to date on some recent organizational changes. Dave Nord who has been Chief Financial Officer since joining Hubbell in 2005, has been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer. Dave has done an outstanding job as CFO implementing change and driving organizational focus to help support our profit margin expansion. We look forward to Dave’s leadership in his new role. Bill Sperry who has been our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Bill joined Hubbell in 2008 and has been instrumental in supporting our acquisition strategy as well as providing valuable insights into our company to the investment community. I am confident that Dave and Bill will continue to provide the necessary leadership and direction to enable Hubbell to reach higher levels of performance. I wish each of them much success in their new roles. I have just a couple of high level comments and then I will turn the discussion over to Dave on the quarter. First of all on our execution, I was very pleased that the second quarter provided our company with opportunity to provide the highest levels of service that we've seen in many, many quarters. Customer delivery performance was excellent, our plant factory performance was excellent resulting in good overall execution for the quarter as you can see in our results. Second, on one of the markets that we participate in and that is residential. We see a bottoming and positive signs of improvement. We had higher levels of business with the national home builders, through our DIY channels and over the internet. So we feel that we’re at the bottom and beginning to start up in the residential market. And then to discuss further the macro uncertainty of the economy and our view of that and while there is great uncertainty, we remain focused on our own performance. We understand what's going on around us, but we remain committed to introduce more new products, have higher levels of capital spending and greater efforts on acquisition in 2012 than we’ve done in 2011. And with those comments, I will turn it over to Dave.
Tim Powers: The margins on residential are coming up from slightly below the average to approaching the average and you know it’s a very profitable business for us once that reaches its on the levels of activity; so we are encouraged that you know that as our business continues to improve that it will get back to where it is, which is one of our margin leaders in the company.
Tim Powers: Yes, certainly when we sell an LED light we produce the driver and we produce the source of light not counting the LED chip, but the board and all the other components that go into it are manufactured by us and those sales are approaching now 15% of our total and so its moving at a very high rate again and we are pleased with that. But our value contribution is higher than it was in the previous technology where we would buy a lamp and buy a ballast from the outside. So it is better and additionally there are more systems or retrofits that are beginning to include controls and dimming than ever before because certainly the best energy efficiency story is when you can turn the light off and these controls are developing and wireless controls are developing to advance that story. 
Tim Powers: This moves around substantially from quarter-to-quarter and we have seen peaks and valleys of the alternate energy. Just lately it’s been less of added more of the traditional, but we are pleased with our overall market share, the level of market activity and the entire market sector has been good. I think Dave alluded to some of the difficulty we have with predicting it. Normally you can win an order about this time of the year, early in the third quarter, then it will take four to six months for the utility then to begin to release shipments against that. Last year we had an unexpected event where several of those jobs were released almost with immediately replacing the order and gave us large incremental revenues in the third quarter and the fourth quarter last year. We’re still winning about the same percentage of market share, but we’re not in a position yet to see whether there is going to be any early releases. So, we're back to what I would describe as a more normal pattern, but I would say that we’re looking at more traditional transmission lines at this time. While there is always the new sources of energy, this is a little bit more skewed to the traditional stuff.
Tim Powers: Well I would say that those things related to markets are doing well, like automotive is doing quite well. We supply some equipment into locomotives, which is doing well. The slower part is the products we sell into the steel industry as steel prices have declined. So it's a little bit mix picture, the big systems and high voltage test equipment which are one [league] items that slowed because capital spending has been reduced by some of the global players. So you know it's kind of a mixed picture and you could almost look at end industry, so that the end industry is doing well, than our products are selling through well. 
Tim Powers: That's a very good question, that's not how we are viewing it. Right now we are viewing a bottoming of let's say put in place, but where we are getting the business, good business right now is certainly the retrofit area, both replacing fluorescent and LEDs going in to replace traditional incandescent sources of light.
Tim Powers: Steve, we are continually evaluating our capital allocation, but at this point we see it as continuing at what we have historically done with our focus on investing in the business on CapEx, on paying our dividend and continually increasing it as conditions warrant, share repurchase to the extent of dilution and through equity rewards and there hasn’t been much of that and acquisitions if the pipeline is active and likely and we see the acquisition pipeline being very robust. Obviously that’s no guarantee of closing, but certainly there is a lot of opportunities and that’s really our priority if that market opportunity exists. If it does and then we would tend to look more at other alternatives.
Tim Powers: I would say we have a couple of categories of new product introductions. One is taking traditional products and making them smarter with a feedback loop. So the distribution, automation in the public utilities is something that they are spending money on and working toward, to improve the feedback loop in distribution line so they can deal better with outages and get restored service better. So we are producing things like cutouts and traditional items that are more automated with feedback loops than we have ever had before. We have a number of products where we are expanding the product line into areas that we haven’t had that are have been covered by competitors, so we have been in that space, we’ve been whittling away at those gaps as well as buying companies to fill them and we’re coming out with a couple I think of significant products probably next year, which are more for power lines to provide more utility feedback as to real time and what's going on in the environment. So there is a lot of development in several categories, we have a very high attention to that right now across all of our businesses and we can go on and talk almost business by business. So what we’re doing but there is a lot coming through the pipeline right now.
Tim Powers: I would say, it’s too early to see any disturbances in any of these kinds of activities; it's looked upon very calmly by distributors. You know, it’s just too early for us to really have any comment about what's going on there. So there is no appearance of any unusual activity.
Tim Powers: We haven’t really seen we see very few cancellations and so what typically occurs is sometimes they try to delay in order and you know to give them more perhaps a corporation will try to move it out of the current year so the expenditures in the next year but there is advance payments and progress payments that go with this and it doesn’t make it so easy to cancel the order without penalty. And the goods quite lumpy so that if fall behind a large order it could move your deliveries out more than a few weeks. So we have a great market position in that business and I think we are the standard of most transformer and cable manufactures in the world there.
Tim Powers: We are not expecting there Jeff other than around storms and emergency repairs to be really a change in the spending pattern. I think we are more on the side of this goes hand in hand with revenue generation and they have been running a little behind and now they are getting caught up. So there could be a little bit more but this isn't a year of extra strong growth on the distribution side, it’s more in line with lower levels of spending increases and where we are experiencing better results have been on the transmission side so far.
Tim Powers: With respect to market share, it’s about in precise measurement right, but I would tell you that our delivery performance from our business unit and its lead times have never been better. So we have a very good market share; we are performing extremely well, we’ve had lots of the right things in stock when storms came along and Dave alluded to probably two-thirds of the business shift within 24 hours and over 90% within 48 hours. So it’s just we are hitting on cylinders there, but it’s aren’t for us to predict exactly what change there is in market share over any interim period of time maybe I look back for something at the end of this year we might be able to say a little bit more about that.
Tim Powers: Capacity for us is when we are bumping up against something like that it’s usually adding the machine it’s not really the footprint. So we are making, you can see in our capital expenditures we are investing in casting and molding and metal cutting and things like that to modernize and increase our ability to convert to products within our existing facility. So we’re not running into that kind of CapEx look forward that we would say we need to expand our footprint.
Tim Powers: Yeah really we are coming down a price curve that reflects the lower cost of the components going into LED lighting so we have shown that before where light output is rising and cost of chips and other components are declining adding to the value proposition for customers, lowering prices, but our margins as a percent of total sales have remained fairly constant. It’s more of a challenge on that side of building a batch of product and then using it up and then building a different model that’s more attractive, more light output. So it’s more like computer, circuit boards, more like that kind of business than our traditional business has been. As far as price pressure in the market, it has more to do with the weakness in new construction and therefore the level of competition that exist for fewer jobs and I would say that’s just a generalized market condition that you would expect as you are nearing a rapid trough of recession in the non-residential construction; I think its not specific to the introduction of new technologies.
Tim Powers: I would still think we are looking at a growing market, despite the general economic conditions in the short run, but some of these projects are years and years in the making and if you get the green light with all the hassle that there is through each approval and the length of construction that the time that there is almost all of these are going to go forward. It has more impact on years further out I believe; if there is a continuing economic slowdown it might affect I think years out farther than ’13.
Dave Nord: Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. Before I get into the quarter, let me just provide a little commentary on the new role. I am obviously honored and delighted to you know that Tim and the Board have the confidence to give me this responsibility. I certainly view it a bit of, I have done such a great job at helping the organization set targets that they thought it would be a good opportunity for me to go and get more involved in the operations to help deliver those targets. So, I welcome the challenge and the opportunity. I have been out in the last month and half visiting some of our locations, spending some time in the factory floor and I can tell you that, that just gives me more confidence in the capabilities in the organization, what we’ve achieved to date and what the runway is going forward. We've got a strong team. We've got great programs in place and a lot more opportunities to go. So I am really looking forward to this. I am also really delighted that you know Bill joined us several years ago, brought him on board and he is probably been instrumental in energizing our acquisition activity, lot of focus on our strategy as well as enhancing our image and our relationship with the investment community. So all those things I think are natural fits and I think the transition here has been very seamless.  With that, let me get into a little color on the second quarter. Turning first to page 3. Sales in the quarter were up 10% and that was really based on broad-based growth. So a strong growth continues in our harsh and hazardous business, up 20%. The power business continues to perform well on all fronts, including the benefit, a little bit at the end of the quarter but certainly leading in to the third quarter. But recent storms that we’ve experienced in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic, we did what we normally do and we’re very responsive, delivered almost three quarters of the requirements within the day, the utilities need them, which is one of our signature capabilities. So not a lot of benefit in the second quarter, but some volume benefit that will occur in the third. And I think, within that 10% growth we also had the benefit of acquisitions, the acquisitions that we’ve done through the first quarter and then you’ll note that we had an acquisition early in the second quarter, company's name TayMac. It was a $42 million acquisition. It’s a business that makes non-metallic enclosures, weather-proof enclosures that was a nice add and a fold into our Raco business. The pipeline is very active. There is a lot of similar type properties that we are evaluating and I would expect that we will have more activity hopefully closing in third or fourth quarter of this year. On the profitability side, our margins for the quarter were 16%. It is more than a full point improvement from a year ago. Now a lot of that is coming from the favorable price commodity cost benefit. You will recall last year we were still facing sort of very severe headwind from the commodity cost before we got our prices in, but as the year progressed it improved and I think this is of the peak quarter of that turnaround. So a big benefit there. All of that leading to our diluted earnings per share in the quarter of $1.29, up 21%. And I think all of that is consistent really with our own expectations for the quarter and the first half of the year. You know we thought the shape of the year, sales increases and margin improvement and we've talked about it, it was going to be really biased towards the front end, the more challenging comps in the second half and we will talk about the outlook later. We've had some commodity tailwind, a little more than we expected and to date pricing has held, but that is always the challenge and we are cautious going forward. You know we view some of that benefit to continue to focus on those things that will continue to drive growth and margin improvement going forward and continue to make those investments. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill and he can take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Dave Nord: Well Chris certainly if we exceed our volume as options that would be one and some of the headwind for example if some of these transmission projects have some earlier relations those would come once and good to incremental margins. There is always a mix element because within our businesses we have some pretty high margin businesses that are necessarily forecast to be strong. So if the mix of those businesses turned out to be a little bit better you could have some of that; I think if we were able to, certainly if we were able to hold the price and commodity cost you know stay down, it could be somewhere but we’re feeling that there is going to be lot more pressure on the price going forward, particularly in one business in particular which we’ve always had the biggest challenges on the lighting business. A lot of activity in the lighting business, a lot of dynamics occurring there as that business transitions into LED and some more entrants start to come in and be able for some of the pricing enrollments, so I think there is a lot of factors that go into there; we are certainly not satisfied in stopping it; a lot of pieces to occur, a lot of volatilities that can have some.
Dave Nord: Steve, not within the second quarter, although I think you will see some of that in the third quarter. I think our latest estimate was the storm impact was about $4 million to date, but the majority of that was in July.
Dave Nord: Well, it’s now in our guidance since we know that there. I mean we normally plan for normal storm activity over a 20-year period and the one thing that's occurred as long as I have been here is that we have always been wrong because it's always been either a lot higher or a lot lower, but that is the best we can do and I think in fact the second quarter had very limited storm-related activity against what we have historically experienced until this last storm. but again it all happened on the 29th or 30th of June, so a lot that will hold into the first couple days of July.
Dave Nord: Jeff, not surprisingly that we saw this phenomenon in the Northeast last year that the storms between the hurricane and the winter storm and the market then becomes a lot more in tune to reliability of the grid and the infrastructure needs. You are hearing a lot about already from the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic storms; you know the challenge is to the utilities. Unfortunately just like we've seen, so there could be opportunities going forward more in the ’13 and ’14 timeframe, but similarly what we've seen in the Northeast a lot of that spending is around not our products but really around [tree clearing] and other investments like that. But certainly, I think it always, these events always brings more attention to the reliability of the grid and I think there will be more emphasis and we think that certainly bodes well for the future.
Bill Sperry: You know Rich, I think looking at total rate count has proved to be an interesting indicator for harsh and hazardous and as gas prices have tanked, the number of rigs doing that work was decreasing, but the oil rig count was increasing kind of offsetting that and just very recently those numbers have flattened a little bit. So I think you are right to point out that there is a little bit of risk inherent in that in the short-term I would say, long-term we are pretty bullish on the energy infrastructure spending theme and we like our positioning in the sector, but you are right that energy prices being higher kind of help enable people to make more investment which is good for us.
Bill Sperry: Well, I would say it’s all of the above right, so certainly our outlook for high voltage test equipment which Dave mentioned is part of that, but as you know really half of our industrial exposure is related to general manufacturing industries and so we tend to look for example at the auto picture which you obviously are very familiar with and that tends to be a reasonable bellwether for us in terms of general manufacturing and that picture has some bounce around, the number of cars; is at a reasonable level to induce some spending. But that picture overall when you blend all that stuff together including harsh and hazardous caused us essentially to take about a point out of our outlook for that.
Bill Sperry: I would say generally too in a second level, the hot whether you know is good for utilities right. I think we have been talking about how retail electricity demand had been a little bit sluggish and start of the year as may be the warm winter weather and so now a hot summer that helps them I think on the revenue side which is net good for us to get to support some of the spending we are looking for. So they have kind of a general impact on them as well.
Bill Sperry: We’re not expecting it to get wider, but as we have been cautious in our guidance about margin, you have rapidly fluctuating commodities. For instance, oil has been down as well as like $82 or $81 and then in a week or so, it’s back up to $89. So we have lots of moving parts on that but generally speaking, we would expect price to diminish slowly and hopefully commodities to hold and give us a positive spread but probably at a decreasing rate.
Bill Sperry: Let's discuss the international part of our business. It's mixed. So, in our Power business, we have a business in Brazil. We have some decent business in Brazil. It's not always as high as previous years. So it’s a little spotty there. We have some very good markets going on but I would say, all-in-all, it’s been better than 2011, whether it remain so with all the year turmoil in Europe and other places really the question of the second half. So we are just as cautious about those macro events as we can be and still keep our heads down and keep going. As far as acquisitions are concerned we have a variety of potential that includes some in the space of Power.
Bill Sperry: I mean, its really tough to quantify that, some of that information is just anecdotal from some of our customers, but its not at all surprising because we sort of expected that, they have an annual budget in fact they have the ability to spend earlier in the year just means its coming out of the latter part of the year and I think what also added to some of the volatility, uncertainty was the good news is it was warmer at the beginning of the year and therefore you could just see some of the construction work, the bad news is it was warmer at the beginning of the year so the meters weren’t turning, they weren’t generating the revenue so that caused them to be a little bit cautious.  I think the last couple of months of record heat, I think they are (inaudible) because the meters are spinning as Bill mentioned that's generating some revenue so that we think that's likely to at least for those who are holding back because of revenue concerns, they might start to release and those who were holding back because they were running up against the budget. I think that's just going to be a matter of the timing of the full year budget opportunities. So I think there's accommodation of some of the things that might have happened in the second half but it maybe we are hoping that it's offset by those things that will as a result of the normal weather.
Bill Sperry: Those are the areas of highest growth within the lighting sector but relight and the residential, yes.
