Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I’m joined here today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2014 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Jim Farrell: I think Chris, it feels between those two I describe it as stable. I think it's existed there and it alters between when on a big project you have to get competitive and that alternates between them more blanket and stock could just flow and whether you have to be competitive there. So I would say it feels like a competitive industry right now where price I think utilities are facing the reasonable amount of challenges in their own business and they are looking for as cost competitive product as they can get.
Jim Farrell: I describe it as competitive I would say and that you need to show up for the quality product at a good price you know every day.
Jim Farrell: Yeah I think True, we finished June with 10% growth in orders which is pretty strong especially after disappoint May and July I would say has started off reasonably okay. I would describe it as having the easy compare for us but between the backlog that we built in 2Q and the order pattern that we are seeing late June and into July, I think that's really the backbone in buttressing Dave’s comment about how we are feeling from confidence perspective on some of the volume assumptions.
Jim Farrell: So Noelle, specific to the quarter, we characterize T&D as flat. I would say the T portion of that was down but I would also say that that was more timing related. I think what our folks are saying is affirming of the second half on the T side. And as you look out into ’15 I would agree with the theses that transmission spending will remain sort of at these high levels but that will translate to modest growth. On the distribution side you have heard Dave and Bill talk about will talk about how we saw a rebound coming on off of the weakness of Q1 as the meters were spinning we saw electricity demand increase and we did see a pickup in spending into the second quarter, the question is what is that look like going forward given electricity demand an unknown, so on balance I think we’re more comfortable with the 0 to 1 and we think that that sort of suggest a little improvement second half versus first.
Jim Farrell: International is mixed, I mean we have a fairly sizeable business in Brazil that has had some hard times, they are seen a little bit on the T side not as much on the distribution side but we’re certainly looking to expand in another geographies and so on balance I would call it flattest slightly up.
Jim Farrell: Okay. Yeah, well Mike I think that you know Bill has been in that role for six months now. I will tell you that he has been very active, very proactive and there is a lot of forming that's involved in that and really long way from harvesting anything but I think certainly is opening up some possibilities and some of the dialogs and conversations that as I have said earlier this year I mean I would expect that pipeline of possibilities as we move through the year to increase. Now that’s a low base of zero to one so maybe there is two or three as the year progresses. But that the more opportunities we have, double – look at the possibilities and likelihood of closing one. So I think that that's all been very positive. We will see. We will see. 
Jim Farrell: Okay, well this concludes today’s call. I’m certainly available in case anyone has any follow-up questions and once again thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning.
Dave Nord: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Hopefully you had a chance to see our press release and the company document in the slides. I am happy to be reporting our results for the quarter, it sales up 7%, acquisitions contributing 5% of that, quite an improvement from what we call three months ago that we were reporting on a very slow and cold start. Demand is improved nicely in most of our markets, non-residential to modest improvement still with biased toward renovation market not as strong and improvement as we would like and many expect but continue with improvement and will take it as it comes. I think the residential market, we were cautious going in and I think that caution was well advised as we have seen some weakening in that but we are still growing, still very well positioned. Our industrial business was mixed with Harsh & Hazardous a little bit better than our high voltage test business, still struggling a bit. And the positive side the utility spending, did continue to improve from the slow start and so we feel a little better about that. On the margin side, nice improvement – continued improved on the margins with 30 basis point improvement up to 16.8% attributable to ongoing productivity initiatives as well as some lower facility closure cost that we incurred in the first half of the last year but a little bit of the mix – unfavorable mix that we have been talking about and we continue to face. In the second quarter, we closed two acquisitions. Revenue contribution of about $45 million, one is in lighting, small one in power and would also closed another small deal earlier this month really in the Harsh & Hazardous electrical connectors business. So we have now invested nearly $150 million on six acquisitions so far this year with deal and expected to contribute little over $90 million in revenue on an annualized basis. And so all of that in the quarter, it contributed to diluted earnings per share of $1.51 up 10%, I am happy to have double digit earnings growth any quarter that I am get it, worked very hard to get to that this quarter but would wind-up that the market have improved and we are continuing to execute. Couple of other items of note in the second quarter, earlier in the month of June that you may have seen an announcement that came out that in accordance with the terms of settlement agreement relating to a lawsuit that has been out there against two existing trustees and a couple of former Trustees of the Roche and Hubble Family Trusts whose judgement entered and that suit was by one of the beneficiaries under the Trust but the settlement of that contemplated the transfer of change in Trustees from the existing Trustees to a third party trust company and that happened in the beginning of the June. Now, the second item of note you saw we announced earlier is on June 30th that Scott Muse informed me that he plan to retire, Scott has been running our Lighting business for the last 12 years. He has been involved in the industry from more than 35 years. During his time in the industry and certainly as time with Hubble, he made major contributions to restructuring that business, reducing the cost as well as adding to the strength of the business with the acquisition of seven brands. He has been truly dedicated to the company, to employees and to our customers and we will miss him as part of the team on a day-to-day basis but certainly hope and expect that we will be able to still count on him for council in advise in the insight into the market. So we took the opportunity right now to expand Gary Amato responsibilities, Gary had to this place and responsible for the electrical systems platform as part of the electrical segment and his role has expanded to include oversight of the Lighting businesses as well. I think that's – he will do quite well there, he has a very strong and capable team behind him within the electrical systems businesses and so I think it will allow him to devote a fair amount of time as he works through the transition which Scott in oversight of the Lighting business. So, with that, let me turn it over to Bill Sperry and he can give you some more color on the quarter and year to date results.
Dave Nord: Yes, I mean part of the challenge is balancing where you need to add structural cost where you need to make the investment particularly when you look at product innovation, LED engineering and that capability. So that’s going to continue and that’s necessary but it’s not necessarily complementary to improving margin. So you better then look at the other side of the equation which is where your cost structure and particularly your fixed cost structure and there’s a lot of that in our facilities, we have done but certainly a lot more opportunity for productivity initiatives to be addressed more aggressively with some incremental investment that might be necessary. I think for example you have seen the benefit of that on the power side where we’ve had improved margins significant contribution from productivity initiatives from investments that have been made over the last several years that we are starting to realize. So I keep (inaudible) credit for continuing to deliver but some of that investment that we made when he was divisional president and the Bill probably was running the business. So we have examples internally where we make the investment, sometimes when you can afford it, sometimes when I think in the lighting business because of the dynamics that exists in that market and the change that we are taking more aggressive look at thing that we might just need to do in the shorter term for the benefit of the longer term.
Dave Nord: So I think that Rich, (inaudible) light there, if you walked around light where you could see why there is so much excitement around the industry, a lot of new products but you also – it’s clear that while there is a few of us in the room who have very strong positions as evidenced by simply the four space and some great product, there is more almost an unlimited number of new entrance who are trying to take advantage of the changing technology as an opportunity and I think that's created more competitive pressure than we have normally seen. So it's not, again attributed to any one player but it's more of a broad market dynamic that we are going to walk our way through.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on M&A so the frequencies picked up the size per deal though is still kind of within the range of what you typically do. How would you characterize the landscape among the other larger players out there with how they are competing for deals particularly as you look at potentially move up to scale in size.
Dave Nord: Well, I mean I think that you know there is still caution out there when you are looking at the big projects. There is funding consideration for sure but there is also underlying demand, you can look at a lot of – some of the commercial office space in certain markets and how that's being absorbed or not absorbed. So I think that's where some of the caution is and slow recovery on the larger projects. The smaller ones are, they are a lot easier to execute and execute that completed in a timely fashion while the market is still strong. So I think that’s where – my view is that's where the while the bias is to the smaller projects. But we are keeping at it and we would expect that that we are going to see more activity with – well I don't disagree with a lot of that leading indicators would suggest that there is an improvement that's coming. We all know though that has been kind of the story for the last couple of years and it keeps sliding to the right and we just – I am going to wait and see and ready to go.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank. We will put Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Dave Nord: True, as I mentioned I mean it was the transfer as a result of a legal settlement. We approach all of our shareholders as I have talked about in the past, we brought ourselves in transparency with our shareholders. We are available to answer any questions. We try to keep ourselves in the market to make sure that we are sharing our perspective on our strategic election and our execution against that. I think that the market has generally welcomed that. But we don't -- at the same time; we don't talk about what individual conversations exist with shareholders to the extent they do.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think it's worth commenting a little bit on the shape of the rest of the year. I think that Dave referenced some of pricing challenges. We had a price cost tailwind for the first half of the year as you all know, very hard to sustain that, we tend to think during the year that tends to be flat so that feels like they could create some headwind for us and in the mix side I think could be felt particularly in Q3 we have both high voltage as well as some of them in fact that the commercial constructions businesses of ours can be a little bit lower margin amongst our portfolio against a pretty sweep mix of business we had last Q3, just to remind everybody that. last year’s Q3 was a 100 basis point improvement upon the prior year and that creates a pretty tough compared to try to continue to extend on so the 20 to 30 basis point guide suggests from where we are at half time essentially a flat second half on margin and I would say meeting our Q3 margins of last year that should be pretty tough to do. So I think the shape of the second half of the year feels a little bit influenced by some of those factors which I just wanted to add. So, I think that would conclude our prepared remarks and happy to turn it over to you all for some Q&A.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so for the Harsh and Hazardous business phases of there, one of our acquisitions this year is right in the middle of what you are describing, so it’s obviously a trend that we like, we feel we are well positioned for. And we think we are the worthy of investment, yes we agree with your view.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Mike I was just giving some color and texture around the fact that we had some contributions from price cost productivity in the first half and as we talked with you and everyone we are always assuming over the course of the year that stays neutral. And so I am suggesting that could be headwind in the second half and then I am just trying to call your attentions specifically to 3Q look how sweet the combination of mix and price cost was in Q3 last year that drover 100 basis points gone up and those margins and if you looked on two year improvement basis, it's hard to lap 100 and do better than that given some of those dynamics. So I was just trying to give a little of that flavor.
Bill Sperry: Yes I would include that in our commentary Chris that acquisitions were hurting OP margin and that includes some of the acquisition counting that writes up inventories. That that tends to burn off after a quarter or two but it does and that first year of us owning it, they not really trying cranking at full margin yet, so that’s a pretty consistent across our portfolio of our activity you can see (inaudible) initially they can drag margins down but they can become contributors in your Q3 and that that pattern where is typical and we continue experience that.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Thanks. Good morning. First I just wanted to dig into the utility market a bit more hoping you could talk a little bit about what you are seeing in distribution versus transmission and even the international markets. And our work actually suggest that we could see an improvement in large project spending and next year 2015 in the U.S., I am curious with consistent with your expectations.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Okay and my second question is really just looking at this gulfstream, petrochem opportunity and some of the industrial spending we think it happen over the next few years just curious to know your thoughts on capitalizing on that opportunity that’s what you are seeing but I’m curious to see your comments there.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Yes, just a kind of gulf coast CapEx if we do see this huge build out cycle happening down in the gulf coast, I guess if you are seeing some opportunity there, how you think if you are doing anything to kind of capitalize on that opportunity, on the Harsh and Hazardous side.
