Maria Lee: Thanks, Samantha. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full-year results for 2018 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Before I hand the call to Dave, I'd like to thank Steve Beers for his many contributions to Hubbell Investor Relations over the last three years. Steve will be moving on at Hubbell to be CFO of our Commercial and Industrial group. Going forward, Dan Innamorato will be the primary IR contact for Hubbell and lead all day-to-day IR activities. Congratulations to both Steve and Dan and best wishes for continued success in your new roles. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Sure. Thanks, Bill. So, I'm on Page 11 of the slides. Our balance sheet remained strong. We added a middle column here for Q1, since we closed the Aclara acquisition in February. If you can see the increase in debt resulting from the transaction as well as the reduction of commercial paper and term loan since then. We ended 2018 with $189 million of cash, of which approximately 90% was held outside of the United States. U.S. tax reform enabled us to repatriate a significant portion of our international cash in 2018. We used the cash brought back from overseas in addition to internally generated cash to pay down CP and the term loan as well as pay our dividend, fund CapEx, and buyback shares. As a result, we've now paid down more than a third of the cost of the Aclara transaction since February. And our net debt to cap ended 2018 at 43%. Our leverage in terms of gross debt to EBITDA is down from more than 3 times at the time of the acquisition on a pro forma basis to about 2.5 times now, slightly better than we planned. We feel confident in our ability to continue to manage our leverage given our strong cash performance and that our balance sheet can support our [long-term] strategy of purchasing bolt-on acquisitions.  We go on to the next page, footprint consolidation. As acquisitions have been a key component to Hubbell's growth and have added to our breadth of offerings to our customers. These acquisitions typically come with an existing footprint allowing us the opportunity to increase efficiency through scale and focus. As most of you know, Susan Huppertz joined Hubbell about a year ago, as Vice President of Global Operations. She has conducted a comprehensive review of our operation and has added tools, processes, and challenges that complement our existing operational capabilities. As a result, we have the opportunity to accelerate impressive actions to streamline our operations. These actions are a continuation of the cost reduction efforts we began in 2014. Since 2014, we exited 29 facilities, invested about $100 million in restructuring actions, and achieved annual run rate savings of approximately $60 million. This investment was made largely to combat the industrial downturn and price pressure in Lighting market.  Looking ahead, our planned actions in 2019 and 2020 are proactive in nature and are more focused on footprint and reach more broadly across the Hubbell portfolio. We plan to take out more than 1 million square feet over the next two years and invest approximately $60 million with an anticipated run rate savings of about $30 million per year on average at two to three year payback. We expect these actions to deliver a 20% improvement in sales per square foot by 2020. We anticipate benefits from further development of centers of excellence, regional sourcing, and automation. With that, I will hand it off to Dave to talk about the outlook.
Maria Lee: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. This concludes today's call. And Dan and I will be available all day and the rest of the week with any follow-up questions. So, thanks again for joining.
Dave Nord: Well, I think it's early on that, Jeff. Certainly, we're working through plans around the facilities and we still need to produce the product, but I think that once we get further into it, our experience would suggest that there will be staffing efficiencies that come from it as well. So I think there will be more, but it's still early, particularly in some of the more complicated transactions.
Dave Nord: I think it's a little bit less than that, Jeff. And so that's why we talk about getting at least 2 points of price. I mean, that sort of gives you the order of magnitude that we're looking to cover both in tariffs and some of the other cost headwinds in that range.
Dave Nord: Definitely, I mean that's really where the benefit would be coming from, particularly if you look at some of our metrics on the S&A side, we tend to be at or above peer average. So, we've obviously performed very well there. So, the benefit from this is more on the operating side and getting that benefit on the gross margin fees.
Dave Nord: Well, since I'm the one that put it out there, Steve, I'll tell you that I certainly after a 421 million year feel a lot better about that. Obviously there's things that we have to deal with over the next two years, but I think that's certainly still well within sight.
Dave Nord: I'm sure, Chris, that our Power Systems guys would really appreciate your characterizing their prowess. I think they do a fine job. Some of the things that you got to keep in mind is certainly in 2018 there was good project activity on the transmission side and that can be a little lumpy. So not as much as anticipated in 2019, maybe a little more normal. And obviously on the Aclara side, they had some really strong performance so it makes just tougher comps. So, it's not an indication of share loss or weakness. It's more attributable to tougher comparisons coming off a strong year.
Dave Nord: Well, Chris, I think you highlighted one which is price/cost, which is going to continue to accelerate favorably throughout the year so that's not going to. And I think as we're looking at our restructuring program, it's a little bit more front-end loaded to the first half at least, somewhere first more second quarter. At least that's our current thinking on that. So, I think that is likely to influence against a historical seasonal pattern.
Dave Nord: Well, certainly you're right there. We've had our share of friction in past transaction, but I think we've gotten better overtime as we've learned some hard lessons and as we've applied those lessons. I think one of the keys for us has been to put that -- put the right expertise into the planning as well as the execution. And I think one of the things that Maria mentioned that Susan has done is work to -- with the existing operating organization to hone skills and enhance skills and resources. So, we think the combination of the experience and incremental resources and a collective attention to the success of this certainly reduces the risk dramatically. There's always some level of execution risk, but we really think that the things that we've done will really minimize that to a great degree.
Dave Nord: I would say that that's still something that we are working toward. I mean, it's not -- we've been there before and certainly if not from restructuring benefits in 2019 and 2020, some of the price/cost benefits would certainly be contributing factors to that. So, it's not out of the question. It's certainly a goal that we have, whether it's by 2020 or 2021 when we get the full benefit of some of the restructuring, but that is absolutely in the cards as far as we see it.
Dave Nord: I don't think so, Rich. I mean, we -- I mean one of the things that interestingly we found as we exited the year n meeting with customers, particularly channel partners, was how important it was to actually get in front of the price issues and not be trailing, particularly because of one of the things you highlight which is the problem that you would have in the market is where you're trying to push a price to a contractor that's already bid on a deal. So, the more that you could get ahead of it. So that's why in some cases, we have built in pricing either actual or certainly forecast to try and get ahead of those. But on the backlog, it's why you want to make sure that there is a lag. I'd say that's why there is a lag in our realization because you're still working through some of the backlog at lower prices.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So there is -- we do think that there's inventory benefits, Jeff, as we consolidate the footprint not just from just better practices, but having larger more scaled facilities. So, I do think that's going to be a benefit. There will be some capital involved to your question on cash, but that's all contained in the guidance. So, you met Susan at your conference in the fall and she's put together and rallied the team around we think a plan that's very achievable. It's got, as Dave was indicating, a slightly different nature where we are -- there's more cooperation across the lines of business, more centers of excellence, and those kinds of concepts to help drive it.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Steve. I think that Maria's discussion the balance sheet was good to show that it feels to us like we could afford to do acquisitions. Our experience is you can't kind of shut them off and so we've been actively pursuing things during the year, but it does feel now like there's things getting closer and you never know stuff that cannot come to fruition. But I do expect we'll be doing deals again in '19 as opposed to the last 10 months of '18 where we really didn't.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that our experience with spending tends to be in the GDP kind of range. The bulk of our sales are MRO in nature here, Chris. And so that replacement of material of others it's in the grid and in the infrastructure. We would say GDP or better is actually strong. I think the fact that distribution has been strong as this year ended is a good sign. I think the transmission projects can be easier to be delayed and pushed out to the right. So, the market feels actually very healthy from where we sit. And Steve, I think that the fact that some of the smart grid products are outgrowing the base. But share, no, I don't think we're anticipating on gaining lots of shares as we see things. I do think -- I commented on the storms just because I do feel like for large utilities who have to face disruptive events from weather, I do think our value proposition that Hubbell winds up being able to provide 90% of their products that they need to get the lights turned back on and they can deal with us and we're committed to getting trucks in the field and get people's lights back on is -- there's opportunities there, but I don't think it's a share gain kind of environment.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Josh, if you think about how the year unfolded for us, the first half had in the ballpark of 0.5 point of price embedded in it, ended the fourth quarter with 2 points of price. So, the way Chris was just doing that is the same way we think of it, right. So you've got -- you get the 2 points that you're launching from, but you got to lap that 0.5 point and then it gets -- it's harder so you got to keep pulling. And as Dave was highlighting, the four List 3 tariffs we've already notified customers of that -- of those price increases to come. So, that's how it -- that's how the '18 rolled out and then you got a big lump basically in March of how it would get implemented here in '19.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Nigel, if you look at one of our most recent Lighting facility closures, which is one of the more one of the larger plants we've closed, I think that went -- which is one of the most recent went really the smoothest. I think the preparation Dave described, particularly getting the receiving plants to have really well documented processes is really important. I think discontinuing the really high variety, very low volume items helps a lot too. And then you opened by just -- I would confirm that your assumption of the savings kicking in '20 and beyond as we start in the year.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean if you start with your last part of your question, we've benchmarked across with competitors and peers and then as you suggest, we've also benchmarked internally what were some of our best turning times. And I think that those are -- both give good guidepost as to what kind of targets we have to get better. I think contributing to the turns is everything from larger facilities, focusing on optimizing our SKU breadth. I think we talked with you guys a lot about having the order of magnitude of north of 350,000 SKUs and focusing on the better runners can be helpful. What kind of relationship with vendors, a design that can be more modular? There's really a lot of contributors to it. No silver bullets, I wouldn't say if you could set up some push-ups. And that's an exercise regime that we are very focused on continuing and we are confident we still have room to improve.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's too broad a question for us to answer across a $4.5 billion enterprise. But there are places for example in natural gas where the lead times are decently long just with demand being so high. I think some of the electronics elements supply chain had lengthened a little bit. But those are not proving to be a challenging obstacles, the market is adjusting those in normal course.
