William Sperry: Yes, Jeff. So starting with the comp, it actually grew about 50% in the fourth quarter last year. So a very dramatic growth last year and a testament to some of the lumpiness of the projects that they work on. As far as the regulatory items, nothing that affected us in the quarter. We did enjoy some AMI order strength in the quarter and does not affect our medium-term outlook either.
William Sperry: Yes. So we think we've got $15 million of benefit, Jeff, of real savings in 2020 that are coming off the spending that we've done recently, and most of that was from investment spend in '19.
William Sperry: Yes. So the end markets netted out ex Lighting to be very flat in the fourth quarter. And we're expecting that to be in that 1% to 3% range for next year. And so I think you're right to point out that we do anticipate having some easier compares in the second half versus the first half as a result of that.
William Sperry: I don't think there's anything that stands out specifically. I do think that some of this Lighting volume can carry into some softness on the Electrical side. I think we'd expect the utility strength to carry through. And so I think despite that headwind from the LTI, I do think we should be able to grow earnings -- absorb that and grow earnings slightly in the first quarter year-over-year.
William Sperry: Yes. So there's really two components of the funnel that Gerben was referring to, right? The very near term is the backlog. And then if you go slightly farther back, you get into the pipeline. And so as Gerben was saying, the activity at the front end of that funnel on pipeline continues to grow. And then what enters into qualified backlog that can get consumed or added to depending. And so I think we are -- the near-term backlog is down just a little bit, but it certainly doesn't dim our expectations for 2020 or beyond.
William Sperry: Yes. I think we've got -- we've still got a tough comp in the first quarter for Aclara. And then I think the remaining three quarters will be where we see the growth.
William Sperry: Yes. I mean, I think that at the beginning part of the year and with some of the tariffs and the pricing that was going in, Nigel, I think you're right to point out that we thought there was probably some buildup in the channel of inventories. And there's evidence of some of that persisting a little bit, but that sounds almost like an excuse, Nigel. So I think we feel that, that's straighten itself out for the most part.
William Sperry: No. I'd say, our end market volume expectations are mostly a volume expectation. It encompasses very little price, just kind of the wraparound effect.
William Sperry: And just I would add to what Dave said, I certainly think prior underinvestment in it. But the other thing that's adding to this is the integration of renewables and that's certainly putting a lot of strain on the existing grid. So what the utilities are looking for is how to better operate the grids that they have and maintained, and that's where some of the Aclara technology and even, more importantly, when we bring together the legacy portfolio with Aclara, that we can help serve that need to modernize the grid and really run the grid more efficiently.
William Sperry: Yes, I would describe the exemptions as capturing roughly 6 quarters of activity. And so the majority of that carries forward through 2020, they technically expire in October. So we'll be recognizing that benefit kind of evenly throughout 2020. And then there's about 1/3 of the total that was associated what that actually happened in '18 so that, that would be the nonrecurring piece.
William Sperry: No. I mean that you've got it right. The distribution piece, if you unpack it, is about 2/3 of our volumes and transmission about 1/3. And we've expected that D over the long term has been kind of grows in GDP line. So I think Josh and Rob's questions about it's doing stronger than that, which is some underspending from past and as Gerben was saying, some new automation areas. So I think that if you disaggregate those pieces, you've got it right. The T&D part of our Power segment is significantly larger than the Aclara piece. So you can't just average the two growth rates. You have to apply a higher weighting, obviously, to the Power Systems piece.
William Sperry: Well, it would be subject to whether or not the exemptions are regranted or not. And that starts to off fit in the background noise of how we're managing price cost.
William Sperry: Yes. We spent more than we had planned by about $0.11. And that was all happened in the fourth quarter. Some of which was -- continued to be footprint realignment that we've been focused on all year and will continue to be focused on, and some of which was a little bit shorter term, headcount related that was in response to some soft volumes we experienced in Q4.
David Nord: Yes. I think the other side of that is going into 2019. I think the channel was a little bit more cautious and was concerned about a downturn. We had a lot of conversation that tariffs were going to cause recession and, therefore, they wanted to get their inventory levels down. And the conversations that I've had with our channel partners, generally optimistic, positive on 2020. So I think that has taken a lot of that pressure off, at least broadly. There's still pockets of those who might want to be shifting some of their inventory and getting the same focus on cash flow that we have. But I don't see anything in there that's meaningful.
David Nord: Yes. I think as it wraps around, Nigel, it'll taper off. And so we're not expecting that to be a steady state of 2 points of price.
David Nord: Well, I'll take that. First of all, the residential component of our business is substantially Lighting. So that's the big driver to it. As you know, a lot of that -- some of the positive outlook is based on housing starts. And I think most recently at the home builders show, the really positive sentiment on home builders. But for us, obviously, that has a little bit of a lag to it. We're typically a 2-quarter lag to the starts. So I think some of that will start to see its way through to the business in the second half of this year. So...
David Nord: A lot in there, but we go way back. So we share the history on this. Certainly, Lighting business has always been challenging and nothing changes -- nothing has changed there. I think we've done some good things to continue to improve that business. There is a level of frustration that I certainly have because the market is tough. But I think that some of the things that we've done have strengthened that business, and it's well positioned to continue to improve. I think we've made some -- some of the management changes have allowed us to do some things differently. And I think we're going to be prepared to talk about some of those things next month at Investor Day. It certainly is not one of our higher-margin businesses, yet it's still providing a decent return. And I think it's adding value to shareholders. I think as with all the businesses, but certainly, with the changes going on in the Lighting industry. If there was an opportunity to create shareholder value, that was more valuable for us than running it. That always has to be considered. But right now, we think it has a lot of opportunity to continue to add value and to improve. And so we're going to continue to do that.
David Nord: Yes, Rob, I'd say, yes, we do. Remember, what we've said is, particularly on the AMI, it's a much longer sales cycle. It's a little lumpier. Getting the acceptance of the AMI systems takes time. The good news is that we've had some good success there. And with proven capability with some meaningfully-sized utilities, and that provides a sound basis for -- on a run rate basis. Certainly, I think we could see mid- to high single digits over time. But as Gerben mentioned, it's a lumpy business because it's got that project orientation. Until you get a broad enough portfolio that makes that sort of smooth out, we're going to see that. But certainly, I think there's really good upside in the future based on the investments being made.
David Nord: Well, I think it's -- I can't argue that there's been decades of underinvestment. I mean that's a fact. The question is, what are they then -- when it comes time to invest, is it investing in replacing legacy products? Or is it going to the next level of new technology? And that's a little harder to split out and identify which way it's going. I think what is clear is that there is a recognition of a need to invest more. And that's positive, and it's positive for all parts of our business. So we want to make sure. And quite honestly, that was one of the strategic basis for the Aclara acquisition to give us the opportunity and the capability to participate more effectively on the automation side.
