Maria Lee: Thanks, Tasha. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I am joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and CFO Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Sure. We ended Q3 with $386 million of cash, as it's typical almost all of these cash were international, and we have a little more than a $1 billion of debt. In the third quarter, we completed the refinancing of senior notes that were coming due in 2018. We issued new tenure senior notes at 3.15%, and used the proceeds to redeem the existing notes which were at 5.95%. So, we've reduced our interest expense while keeping the debt level the same. Our reported third quarter results include a loss of $0.11 from this early extinguishment and we expect to see benefit from the lower interest expense starting in the fourth quarter of this year. So, a healthy balance sheet with comparable debt levels year-over-year and lower interest expense going forward. Now, I'll hand it back off to Bill for the outlook.
Maria Lee: Yeah, so in the quarter the electrical had negative price that was driven by lightning. And so, when you look at sort of the price cost mix that the pricing was with a big offset. But it certainly helps not to have that drag in the cost inflation pace.
Maria Lee: The refinancing if you include the actual loss and the early extinguishment so that' $0.11 and then the interest expense is another $0.7 to $0.8 next year, because we have a little of it this year in the fourth quarter.
Maria Lee: And one thing just to add we had, we're able to get some price, and we've got some price in the non-lighting electrical business, so, we've seen some of that traction is here already. It's a really power we hadn't got in that price, outside of lighting. And where that, potentially, could be a better next year as well.
Maria Lee: Okay. Steve and I will be around all day, if there is any follow-up question, so feel free to reach out. Thanks for joining us today.
William Sperry: So, page 14, we have summarized our outlook for the balance of 2017. And I've highlighted changes we have made since the July call, we have made a few tweaks to this. First, on electrical transmission and distribution, we've raised that outlook from 1 to 3, to 2 to 3. On the resi side, we're tweaking down from 4 to 6, to 4 to 5. And on the industrial side we had been expecting 2 to 4, and you'll see here 2 to 3. So, the result from all this is a 2.5% to 3%, market outlook, but you can see some tweaks to slightly stronger T&D and slightly weaker on the industrial side. And on page 15, you'll see how that boils down into our EPS range, so, where we were on our July call was 5.40 to 5.60, and as Maria just highlighted the refinancing of that debt, took about $0.11 out, and we've got since then based on our third quarter performance and our outlook, we've narrowed the range by $0.10 and took the lower end up, which effectively adds a nickel to the guidance to get to the 5.40 to 5.60, you'll see here. We're still anticipating a heavy cash flow fourth quarter to catch us up to net income. So, that concludes our remarks about 2017, and I was going to ask Dave to give you our thoughts and early preview on 2018.
William Sperry: Yeah. So, the bulk of our lighting inventory investment module was on the resi side, which tends to move faster and has much lower experience rate of obsolescence and so, yes, we would say the question is we feel good that we've got the inventory necessary to drive very competitive service levels and that we've invested in the right areas.
William Sperry: Yes, for the nine-months, they gained about a point of volume and gave up a couple a point of price, so net sales were about, was down one.
William Sperry: Yeah, that's the nine-months, yes. And for the nine-months the resi piece grew a better than the C&I piece.
William Sperry: Yeah, I mean, you hit on the couple of the big themes. First is the growth rate that we're envisioning is positive for next year, but not as high as the five points that we've been running at in the last couple of quarters. For us, we think of reach that MRO cycle, as really driving something GDP-ish, so, I don't know 2.5-ish, maybe it could 3% with that and so to do 5, implies, that there's some capital spending going on, and I agree the visibility on that, I think our team feels that they can see that. Of course, those are always subject to being delayed and pushed out. So, I think, we're feeling like there is a decent spending tailwind here, there's some CapEx, there's some MRO in it, and yes, it's below kind of performance this year, which then suggests what can you do on a new product development side and is there share gains that come to be an innovation.
William Sperry: Yeah, I don't know that we've separated that. I'd say that the T has been much more volatile this year than the D. so that comes into play as well.
William Sperry: Yeah. I would say conceptually just to be clear on the word accretion for us the deals are accretive to earnings. I think you're referencing the sometimes the margin.
William Sperry: So, that's true. And so, then you're saying in the second year as you burn off some of the acquisition accounting and the integration matures that margin naturally creep up in your two of a deal and I would say our experience with that is yes. So, we didn't deal it out as its own area, but conceptually what you're saying is true.
William Sperry: Yeah. I think although those sources are all working in interesting ways I think we have some market growth. You know Jeff in places where we have traditionally had a little bit better margin that would help drop through and you're right that their savings coming through from restructuring and then you've to think about what commodity prices and inflation and investing and all of that stuff does. So, we'll be more explicit about that in January, but I think you're right that some of the more known elements, which would be growth in good margin areas, plus some benefits from restructuring those are good places to start.
William Sperry: I think you've phrased the question exactly right, which is the increase for example in steel throughout 2017 and now the copper and aluminum contributions to that I think make asking or some price industrially more palatable, but I do think you're probably applying ketchup and for us that with a six months lag, you're applying ketchup. So, I don't think it offsets but you're right about the actions and the support to ask for price generally and I'd say you're also right to put lighting on the side of that. I think those are two different buckets.
William Sperry: Yeah, I think that's we would anticipate at this stage, thinking about that as flat net of policy changes. We're always working to come up with planning ideas to help get that better, I think, geography ends up being a pretty big driver of year-over-year for us. And so, we'll again, we'll talk more about that in January.
David Nord: Well, there is a couple of things on storms. Yes, there is still some carry over into the fourth quarter. You also have what is very difficult to size, which is when you send 30,000 alignments to Florida that means there's work not being done in someplace else. So, it's the catch-up work that comes back online, that didn't occur. And then the other piece is that it's still early on, but we're seeing some of the quoting activity is in certainly that critical efforts that are necessary in Puerto Rico. And so that's certainly is going to continue through the fourth quarter and probably somewhat until into the early part of next year.
David Nord: Right now, it has limited production, probably operating with about 10% to 15% of the employee base, but we've got some supplemental power coming in this week and we expect to be back to close to full production by the end of the month.
David Nord: We don't see anything unusual at least in the space that we're in. It's nothing different that we have seen. I would say there is no - more we can tell a rational behavior other than a big factor has been low cost entrance that have put pressure on the market overall more single line offerings that can be done at a lower price, but not at the completeness of the solutions. And in some cases arguably not with same level of reliability, but that's the world out we live in. And one of the things that we're doing as well as it's being focusing even more with discipline on, where those products, because we have so many such a breadth of product offering Chris, to the extent that we see areas where that pricing is not competitive, we just won't participate in that market, and that may being giving up a little bit volume or share, but we can certainly make it up on the products that we are a leader on have great technology, have a broader solution and a broader package, and that's where we find success.
David Nord: First that's all relative with the present your position, we think anything, any competition like that is irrational, we rather everybody, keeps trying to drive price up, but that's not the case.
David Nord: But you're right. By the end of the - by the second half of next year, you could be on the top side of it. If demand holds and certainly, that certainly our history, there's the lag you catch up and assuming that at some points, the material cost would moderate, but demand is there, if you'll get ahead of it for sometimes.
David Nord: Well. We've been working with on controls within lighting beyond iDevices. We've - system that we introduced earlier this year, that's been well received. So, clearly that's an area of focus, took it - to add capability, not to the point of complexity of being a tier 4, building system solution, but certainly having products that are enabled to operate within any building systems. That's kind of the being the, as I mentioned the capability with an iDevice and that's been strategy within the lighting business already. So, it's really marrying those two capabilities and advancing that to make the higher margins specified product, that is always been at the core of our lighting business and success even more in demand.
