Tim Powers: Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. Dave and I will be referring to presentation materials you hopefully have found on our website. I will begin today’s call with an overview and then Dave will provide a detailed analysis of our financial performance. I will conclude by providing my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2010 and into 2011 as well as some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take questions from you. I am starting on page three of the materials. Hubbell’s performance in the third quarter was very strong. Sales growth and margin expansion drove a significant improvement in earnings per share for the quarter. I am very pleased with the results Hubbell is delivering, a sign of solid market positioning and outstanding execution. Let’s move to a review of our end markets. Nonresidential construction is our largest market and continues to provide a headwind. Private construction is the hardest hit as the supply of building relative to demand, combined with difficult to obtain construction financing continue to drag down new starts. Public spending has been relatively stronger as it has been aided by some stimulus activity. In addition, we continue to experience strong growth in the areas of retrofit, renovation and building controls. We feel that the sharp contraction of residential construction since 2006 has reached bottom and will likely bump along for a few quarters as foreclosures and unemployment drag on the housing market. However, a return to more normal levels of annual construction creates a very positive multiple year picture of growth rates for our residential business. The industrial market demonstrated real strength during the quarter. We experienced impressive growth in the lines like wiring system, where increase in the output of key manufacturing sectors require spending on Hubbell devices to keep factories running safely and efficiently. In addition, our high voltage testing equipment line experienced a jump in shipments as demand grew from OEM customers and in emerging markets where infrastructure is being installed. The utility story for the year is playing out as we have described to you on previous calls. The drop in electricity demand in 2009 felt by our utility customers has been replaced by growth in 2010, and so the abatement spending that was deferred, has largely come back, resulting in a growth for our power segment in the third quarter. The large capital intensive transmission projects are still being pushed off until 2011 and beyond as rate increases are not being supported locally. The net result of our end markets was some decent organic growth, but I believe the story of the quarter continues to be our margin and the productivity efforts of our team. We continue to make progress of lean activities, product redesign, facilities consolidation and more efficient and effective centralized services. The full range of these activities is producing impressive results as margin expanded by 180 basis points to over 17 percent. There are a series of topics from the quarter that I would like to comment on here. First, is China, where we opened up a plant near Shanghai that is making power systems products. It is encouraging to see a multi-national team dig in and get that effort off the ground, where experience from Mexico and the U.S. was critical to a successful implementation. Second is Europe. I just got back from a trip with Gary Amato who runs our electrical system business. The operations are oriented to harsh and hazardous applications, so the quality is very high and the specifications demanding. Those facilities are outstanding, and our products are well positioned to thrive as they serve the energy and heavy industrial markets with attractive margins. The third area of dimension in LED. We continue to operate at a pace to double that business each year. We are spending a lot of time with national accounts on outdoor applications where we think this is the sweet spot for early adoption. Examples include parking lots and outdoor lighting. Hubbell’s products are winning acceptance in those competitive processes, and we stand poised to lead the new technology forward. Of great importance to us is that most of this work is retrofit, so it represents an incremental opportunity to our traditional construction business. With that, let me turn it over to Dave, and he will give a more detailed picture of our results.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Let’s turn to page 18 in our outlook for the remainder of 2010. We expect organic sales to be roughly comparable to last year, but an increase of 7% when including Burndy. This would include the level of seasonality we typically experienced in the fourth quarter of the year mainly where lower volumes resulting the impact of cold weather on construction activity, accounted with fewer days and distributors were considering yearend incentives in inventory levels as they close out the year. The full year expectation for margins would be a 180 basis point improvement over the prior year and free cash flow is expected to be roughly equal to net income which would imply the seasonal liquidation of working capital during the fourth quarter. Let’s turn to page 19 in our preliminary outlook for 2011. We will provide more detail for you at the end of our year at the call in January, but our directional expectation is that three of our four markets will be growing and this just provide us with modest growth overall for the company. Hubbell is providing its value to customers each and every day. We are providing a broad array of high quality and excellent brands with high service levels. We are focused on leading out our operations to retain a competitive cost position in the industry. Cash flow generated from the business allows us to return an attractive dividends to our shareholders as well as to make investments in growing the company both organically and through acquisition. And we manage our leverage and liquidity position conservatively to best position us for the future. Thank you for your attention. And now we would be happy to take your questions.
Tim Powers: I would say that the year on non-residential construction has turned out to be certainly lower than the previous year but not as bad as we anticipated it would be. And I would say that the comparisons are steadily moving in a favorable – more favorable direction. We would expect some modest that is sort of mid-single-digit declines next year but then there is favorable trends as we pointed out with retrofit and lighting controls and certain areas of growth. So less that is the kind of the story of non-res.
Tim Powers: It could possibly be that case Bob. But I think we’ll have a lot more clarity as we get through the fourth quarter better view of that. But the trend is improving.
Tim Powers: I would say that we’re back in a very active cycle in the moment in quotation of these projects which means they have been delayed, some of them a year up to 18 months, while we’re encouraged by what we see at this time. And we’re hopeful that some of these could come back for 2011.
Tim Powers: As this period of lower economic activity stretches out, it’s not easy to recover it what I would say we are determined to do that. And when you put to price increases in place to be able to do that and the negative balance of price, cost is improving as we get to the end of the year. And I would say there is probably some further price increases that are appropriate based on what’s happening to metals. Copper in particular is one.
Tim Powers: That’s a market commentary. We would expect to do little better than when you include the areas of growth that are growing say at 20% or our comments on LED doubling would be modifiers for that trend.
Tim Powers: I would say we had across the board improvement in the electrical segment. The wiring device business was significantly better. The lighting business performed quite well in the phase of a very difficult market. And of course, the harsh and hazardous and test equipment business also performed well. So they were just about every piece of the electrical segment contributed to the upward trend here.
Tim Powers: Yes, I would say certainly the margins are terrific and we shipped a couple of very large orders to emerging market parts. Incoming orders were not quite as high as what’s being shipped but still looking like quite a good year coming up for 2011, not quite as good as 2010.
Tim Powers: I think distributors are always willing to try to pass on price as it is to their benefit. But as you know in the lighting business this is more of a job business in the commercial industrial product lines and the pricing on jobs because of the low number of them are pretty tough. So it’s in this area of commercial construction including what would be part of our vehicle brands where pricing pressure is the most intense that we see. But not any different than at this time in the cycle, your volume is scarce and the competitive battle over the jobs is at the normal level.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thank you very much.
Tim Powers: Steve we have mentioned in the past that we’ve got businesses that are actually very focused in those areas, so we do have pretty good visibility to at least from our own business what’s happening there, and those are clearly operating in the double-digits high teen 20% range in the current quarter, and we’re seeing an acceleration of the activity there. So that’s all consistent with what we expect as to be a mitigating factor again. But still weak core new construction and nonres.
Tim Powers: I would say stimulus isn’t exactly the word I would use. There is some stimulus money being spent on government buildings to improve their energy efficiency which is badly needed. But there is just some tax credits and things provided by public utilities that I don’t really think are going to go away that are adding incrementally to the return. But he returns are fairly compelling for relighting buildings and just on their own. So I really wouldn’t expect this to slow down anytime soon. I would expect if anything as the adoption of the new lighting technology and controls becomes better understood, that this would continue to grow at even a faster rate.
Tim Powers: Well, if I were that good on predicting the commodities to be anywhere near tamed they have been very volatile, I would expect with the economic policies in the United States and our need to keep interest rates low and the dollar weakening that commodities will rise, and the battle to keep our prices up would be a continuing one into 2011, and we’re expecting that, and we expect to be able to succeed and get back what we need to from the marketplace. But I would say it’s anything but a calm picture moving forward. But it’s the same battle we’ve contended with continuously, so it’s just part of our normal operating procedure.
Tim Powers: We would expect incremental productivity next year. We see quite a wide opportunity yet to continue to improve our business. We were speaking about product redesign, better procurements in a shared services environment, plant relocations, product relocations, just the wide variety of activities we continue to work on as a company, and we would expect productivity to continue to improve in the 2011 and beyond into 2012.
Tim Powers: Well, I would say that from the way we’ve been describing our four markets, we would expect three of those markets to improve somewhere in the range you talked about. But, if you remember our largest market, which is nonresidential construction, is expected to fall. So when you blend these markets together, you get something below 5% as our next year’s expected revenue. And also we’re a quarter away yet, so we would like another opportunity to talk about the precision of this view. But we expect certainly our revenues to increase year-over-year.
Tim Powers: We are always looking for opportunities to add to our portfolio. Brundies don’t come along all the time, but certainly bolt-ons are pretty much we’re looking at a series of those all the time, and then it’s a question of value and price. But certainly we would expect to deploy some of our cash on acquisitions into 2011. That’s our goal, that’s our objective, that’s what we try to do on a continuous basis. That is the best use of our money except or perhaps reinvesting in our own company with CapEx and productivity improvements.
Tim Powers: No, I would say that certainly distributors increase their inventories as their volume increases. And if you would take the whole electrical industry and say it’s at a some small single digit growth, then inventories were probably risen by 4%, 5%. But because of the slow nature of the recovery in the construction business, there is no real pressing need for them to run out and increase their inventories in a short time. They’re making gradual adjustments as they need to, because the nature of the recovery has been slow, so I would expect that to continue. I don’t expect distributors or end customers to increase their inventories. The one exception to that is some of our industrial OEMs whose business has picked up more than 10% then you would see distributors stocking those specific inventories in proportion to the increase in demand.
Tim Powers: We are always working to try to minimize or pay only those taxes that we’re required to. But if you look at our strategy for the entire business, it’s really to build on the economic power that we have in America and Canada. And really we feel that growing our business and strengthening the North American business has a more positive impact than perhaps some incremental increases in taxes. And I do think that the government is aware that the taxes on US businesses are the highest there are in the western world and that’s something over time needs to be done about that. So we’ll have to see what that looks like when we get a new Congress in and a new attitude towards this as to whether domestic taxes rise or not.
Tim Powers: It is growing at a fast pace. We don’t see any decline in that. We’ve tried to point out that since LED is a very directional lighting, meaning you aim it rather than you give up a general light. Its best applications are used outdoors which really plays well in the Hubbell’s lighting strength. We are the number one outdoor lighting company in the United States with our parking lot and area lighting. And so as LED expands it should benefit us disproportionately.
Tim Powers: We would expect power margins to slowly improve over time. We’ve run into a lot of cost price headwind. Hopefully we’ll get some of that back as we get into next year. But you’re also comparing it to 2009, which was really a moment that we see very seldom where commodity cost fell at such a rapid rate that our prices were falling, but nowhere near that rate. So we had a great third quarter last year and we wouldn’t really – we would expect those margins to be right around where they are or a little bit about that over the course of the future, so in the 15% to 20% in that area.
Tim Powers: No, I wouldn’t say there is a trend that would, you could expect steadily rising margins. A lot has to do with sometimes the nature of a large project or if there is a mix a little bit towards more towards substation, you might – that might help. But I would say we’re not trying to describe this as anything, but a very healthy business that’s performing well and it’s earning a very decent return, and it should benefit from the trends in the utility sector as it is the number one supplier in its category.
Tim Powers: We have the potential to get to that. We can see it from here. The question is, before we say we can achieve, that really has more to do with cost price headwinds and those kinds of things. So we’ll have a little bit more to say about that when we get to December and we have a clear look at 2010.
