David G. Nord: Yeah, Rich, I'd say, we're closer to right-size. I think from a staffing perspective, I think we're much closer. I think the thing that we're still evaluating is on our fixed cost structure, particularly around facilities, and I've talked about in the past, that's a more sensitive, critical decision because, you got to make sure that you are really planning for the future growth that will occur in this business, but that's – that's the one side. I wouldn't tell you that there is a bias that that's likely to occur, but that's something that we – could happen as we continue to evaluate. And depending on where the market ultimately settles out, okay.
David G. Nord: We've been working toward sizing ourselves toward $50 to $55. And we still have a little more work to do there, but I wouldn't say that there is a big investment to get to that size, okay.
David G. Nord: Rich, I would say, I mean, that, to have a big step up in that, would have to really be a broad-based recession, somewhat similar to what we saw in 2008, 2009. But, there's a lot that we are just trying to do in the normal course, I mean, certainly staffing levels if volumes fall down. On the fixed cost structure, there is certainly a lot more, if I could do everything overnight, there's a lot of things that we would do, but we're not going to do those. One, because they're not critical. Two, because we can't afford them, and three, importantly, we wouldn't be able to execute them effectively. So, we're doing that over the normal course and we have been, but – so I would look more at the $0.25 to $0.35 first and foremost, it doesn't go to zero in 2017 it goes to something less. So if you take $0.25 to $0.35 and you put another, say $0.15 to $0.25, you look at it on that kind of basis, but the more we do next year, the more benefit we get the year after just like we've seen this year. So I think there could be, that's why we've kind of moved it up from what we originally thought it might be 20% to 25% now. It could be in a $0.25 to $0.35, just because we're identifying more opportunities to adjust our cost structure not just for market weakness but also to make sure that in some areas we have a cost structure that makes us more market competitive, okay.
David G. Nord: It's mostly top down at this point, looking at some of the market indicators that we would typically rely on, but not just taking what those market indicators, trying to apply what has been our historical experience. But that's sort of the process that we take on an early look. Then we're going through a process over the next – as part of the difference between our preliminary look and what we ultimately end up in January between now and then. We're working very closely with our leaders as well as with our customers and doing a much deeper dive to validate whether that is true or not. Obviously, with the concern that we don't want to be too optimistic. On the other hand, we want to make sure we're not being too conservative and missing market opportunities. So it really works on both sides and you talk to our management team and they would tell you that that's exactly the conversation we have on both ends of the spectrum. And I spend a lot of time talking to customers over the next several months just to see how they are seeing things as sort of my independent check of what's happening in the business. As well, to be honest, we also listen to the investment community, both you, your colleagues, and importantly our owners who have some other insights into what's happening and we welcome that input because that is a very important element of what comes into play here. So between now and then there's a lot of discussion that comes up and welcome you guys' all input.
David G. Nord: Well, I think we saw some weakness start in the third quarter in August and September. And so, we're some of that, as I said, we attribute to inventory management and destocking. So, we're trying to determine whether, how much of that might be underlying market demand, but it certainly has some weakness right now, not broadly in non-res construction, commercial construction is still very solid, but that is an area that understandably it's a big part of our portfolio, so we're spending a lot of time. And that's where, I think, there is debate, because there is still some views that it will be even better. I'm not sure that we generally don't follow those views, we are more concerned about whether things are worse and making sure that we're anticipating and reacting accordingly, so...
David G. Nord: Yes, it does. It was largely in the Electrical segment, the Electrical businesses. It's still positive overall because of the lower commodity cost and material cost while we're still maintaining some price in some areas. So that's been a positive, but we expect that to rollover. It already has started and we'll see that continue into next year and that's one of the additional headwinds that we've got to size and manage against with some of our cost actions.
David G. Nord: I mean, certainly that's a – that would be a consideration, although we continue to view our M&A activity around our core businesses and our typical bolt-ons with larger and we've talked about continually larger being in the $300 million to $600 million range. I don't think those would qualify as ones where our shares would be a worthwhile currency in that size transaction. Certainly, if there were bigger opportunities that would obviously be a consideration. But – and that – I won't say it's never on the table, but there is even fewer of those transactions than there are as we go up the scale, so.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, Rich, our project list that we're quoting and working with our utility customers on shows us that despite some of this push out that we've seen recently that we should expect to see some growth. So our team has some confidence that we'll have some T growth (38:20) next year.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, I mean I think when we look at the way the public and private sectors are spending money, Rich. The strength of the private sector is obviously really helping to drive the non-res. The public is positive. Places like education on the public side are showing some decent signs of strength I think. And as we look across our businesses with non-res really affects both our C&I side of our lighting business as well as some of the commercial construction side of our – the rest of our Electrical business. We see some decent expectations for next year, and so that's how we're planning.
William R. Sperry: It might be even a little more pronounced to the first quarter, Chris, rather than the first half, where we hadn't seen the kind of declines yet in the first quarter that we experienced in the next two quarters of this year, mostly because of some of the project stickiness that just kind of carried over. So, I think the toughest comp for us next year is Q1, but I don't disagree with your characterization of, kind of a sequential – we've talked about our expectation of a U. And I think we're starting to feel sequentially we're getting towards that U and that's how we see it.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, it's too early to know what it will ultimately be, but given some of the asset returns relative to depending on what happens to rates, you got both variables that are a little bit hard to predict. If you snapped it today, it would not be as much as what you said.
William R. Sperry: Well, just don't forget about mix, Steve, right. So as long as non-res and res markets are outgrowing utility and industrial that will create a mix headwind that we have to overcome...
William R. Sperry: And again, we – I want to be careful not to go to doing the 2016 math with you, but I do like talking about the drivers, just so we're understanding them. And I do think you're thinking about mix the right way, and that as the growth rates – the growth rate differentials moderate, and some of the restructuring that we've been doing, helps close some of the gap on some of the margin differential. But the fact is, there's still a sizable margin differential on those businesses. And so, that creates a headwind that we have to manage. And that's just on the list, is all I'm saying.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, I think, Jeff, the basic trajectory during 2015 has been a decline in some of those core commodities that we buy; steel, you're right; copper, you're right; aluminum, you're right. And the way that our pricing mechanisms work, there tends to be a lag of a quarter or two in terms – and so as commodity prices come down and our inputs go down, that actually tends to create some margin favorability because the price that would come down in sympathy to that, it just lags that by a little bit. So, I think what we're describing is an inflection point. As those prices start to firm, they don't even need to rise, they just need to firm. And exactly as you said, the price continues kind of downward for another quarter or two. And so, then that flips and becomes a headwind. And it gets more dramatic if commodities actually inflect upward and then you start to create a more significant headwind. So, we'll have to see what the outlook for those key commodities are, but you're right to be focusing on steel for us, that's a big one.
William R. Sperry: Yeah. We have a mix of those things, some of the pricing is tied to input deflators, but mostly it's negotiated, which everybody knows the cost of metals and stuff, so.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, if we can get the projects in, in the first half I think you maybe start to see some of the benefit in the second half. So a little bit depends on the sequencing and timing of how we get things implemented.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, so LED penetration is well up, over 50% overall. The penetration when you focus on C&I is in the 60%s, at resi it's lagging and kind of in the early stages of adoption I would say.
William R. Sperry: Yeah, I think, Mike, our outlook is reasonably cautious around industrial, flat to 2% and we're trying to indicate for you that we see some differential between some of the heavier sides of that industrial where we see some risk and the lighter side of that industrial where there may be a little bit of opportunity.
William R. Sperry: We're still kind of trough – at the trough of that cycle. So it's – we're – we haven't commented because it hasn't added a big delta either way for us.
