Dave Nord: Yes. Roughly, it was made-to-order products inside of lighting, so it couldn't be serviced out of the inventory, Jeff. And for the for the power business, also made-to-order product. So - and affecting both segments, as you said.
Dave Nord: Yes. Deepa, I'm not sure that you may interpret my tone versus the substance of what's underneath it. I don't - and some of it, and I've said internally, to our team, the one thing that's in this new environment is you declare victory when things are down 18% versus an expected 20%, like, wow, that's success. So improvement is relative. We still think that there is work to be done, particularly, as I said, some of the things that we've seen have been as a result of projects getting restarted or completed, not new projects, I think the question is going to be what happens. And I think we would all agree that the uncertainty is around new projects, what new projects might occur. The one area that I've talked to a couple of people on, particularly in the commercial space that's interesting, they refer to, they have a reference to what had been a vertical move has now become a horizontal move. Meaning, and others might describe it as the deurbanization of America with everybody moving out of the cities. You've seen that in residential real estate market. Well, if that's a long-term trend and it happens meaningfully, there needs to be some investment in those communities around nonresidential construction, whether it's retail, whether it's hospitals, that's still a big uncertainty to see how that dynamic plays out. But I don't know that I would say that I'm more optimistic than the market.
Dave Nord: Well, I'd have to say that all our businesses are resilient, at least our people addressing the - some of the really volatile markets, they've been very resilient. I don't know that there's any particular market or business that I would point to that has been surprisingly weak. At best, they've either been as expected or maybe slightly better. Other than some of the implications, as Gerben talked about, when you think about the Utility business and where it requires you to get into a home, that's not something that we can control, and that's something that's unique to this environment. So what's otherwise a resilient business deals with some other implication. I mean this terms of future growth opportunities, and I look to Bill or Gerben to comment on that because there's a lot of areas that I know they're working on.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think as Dave said, the shape that we've seen was in April that deteriorated in May and some improvement since then. So - and that's carried into July month-to-date, but it's obviously something we're watching closely daily. And - but that - where orders are now in July, it's really the basis for how we've guided the second half.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Steve, I think that you're right that as sales growth comes back, we're going to need to invest in inventory and receivables to support that. But I do think the restructuring work that we're doing and getting our footprint and square footage down is going to help us be better at inventory management and I still think there are opportunities for us to improve in days across our system. And as we benchmark ourselves, it appears evident that we do have opportunities. So I think you're right that there's naturally going to be a requirement to invest a little working capital in that growth, but we will work hard to offset that by being more efficient now in days.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you understand it right. So we achieved that in '19. We'd do better than $500 million in '20. And I agree, there's some working capital tailwind in that. But we should be better than that still in '21. Absolutely, you're looking at '19 base - we're improving on that 2019 base. Yes.
Bill Sperry: I think, Deepa, we continue to see good opportunity in utility markets. We continue to think that, that infrastructure that requires upgrading and strengthening. We continue to believe that making the grid smarter is going to allow utilities to run those power grids more efficiently and more safely. I think the - so it's kind of reinforced this last 90 days, has reinforced the essential nature of what we do there. I also think that inside of buildings, you see different pockets, distribution or retail has been an interesting bright spot as people have been forced to live at home or be at home more frequently than they're used to. And so they're kind of investing in their homes. As Dave said, does that have a longer tail to it as people's behavior changes, I think, will be interesting? On the commercial side, data centers and the role of data and information are playing in all of our lives, we think is going to continue to drive opportunity for us to connect, and we continue to think that we have a unique positioning across the utility grids of electrical gas and water and how that crosses through the meter into buildings and how that gets used and so we feel really good about that. And I think some of the org design that Gerben is talking about is looking to take advantage of that unique positioning that we see.
