Maria Lee: Thanks, Berjon. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. I’m joined today by our President and CEO, Dave Nord and our CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: So pricing in Power was -- it was sort of a neutral, very slightly positive, but I see neutral. And across all of Hubbell because of the -- particularly because of the lighting price, it was negative, $0.5, actually a little bit more than that.
Maria Lee: Yes so if we look at discount rates and our sensitivity to that, if we were to snap the line, the discount rates are roughly about a 100 basis points lower and for a 100 basis points change, that would impact our pension expense about 10 million or some. So that’s a piece of the sensitivity. Means there is also some sensitivity related to asset returns that’s a little early to say. But I think looking at that discount rate, there certainly would be some headwind from that.
Maria Lee: I think this concludes today’s call. Thank for joining us, Steve and I will be available following the call for any other questions you have.
David Nord: It’s really to be definitive but certainly our bias is to -- as I said earlier to build off our margin performance this year and improve on that. So that’s really what we’re looking to do and all of our efforts are in that regards.
David Nord: That we don’t see any -- at this point any big headwinds on comp specifically. Other than excluding pension. And if you take pension out of it, some on other benefits like medical, but not on the pure comp at least at this point Nigel.
David Nord: I love talking about the specific, but obviously you know that there is and always has been, as they recently, a conservative bias in our outlook, particularly on non-res and I think over the last two to three years that’s probably turned out to be closer to right than the initial forecast. But as I said in some of the most recent forecasts are more optimistic and I certainly hope they're right, but they're based on -- it seems to me they're based on some recent data. But we're analyzing that and I hope that we can be proven wrong for a change and be able to adjust this up with some better data over the course of the next several months. But Bill, maybe give some of the components.
David Nord: I think Chris we had a little bit on the Light side of Industrial which was a little bit softer and then I think the pricing of Lighting is the other thing you'll find creating that.
David Nord: But remember Chris, just that -- on that like-for-like some of that is attributable to product that we’ve said earlier in the year and even late last year was our product that we identified was way out of line with the market, it was not competitive, which is what prompted us to take some more aggressive actions in some of the facilities that were providing those products, because our pricing was based on those cost and we need to be much more aggressive in taking those cost out. So it was really reacting to what was already in place in the market and certainly not driving and creating the market.
David Nord: No I would say, Jeff that the decrementals we’ve experienced over the last six quarters has been in the 35% range, which given that the margins where attractive have still brought them down, that being said. The margins are still attractive part of our portfolio, so it hasn’t dragged it below that. So the decrementals have been kind of what you would have expected I would say, rather than worse than you could have imagine Jeff.
David Nord: I think as we’ve analyzed the $0.35 [ph] that we anticipate spending this year, the returns on that feel like they’re in the two to three year kind of range, and so we probably still have some benefit that carries over even from some of the ’15 actions and so we’re anticipating in our January call giving you a nice way to think about, all -- how that will stake up incrementally in 2017. But those projects this year are kind of in that two to three year return range.
David Nord: I think we have Jeff. I think our issue from my prospective in being or volume being a little bit lighter from what we expected and what might be in the market is really as we work through the service issues that come with some of the restructuring actions and closing facilities, which were more of an impact early in the year and we've started to work through those and I think we've got some -- when I'm out with customers and some of our newly signed agents, I hear both the negatives and the positives and I think the trend is all positive and very optimistic. So I think that -- that seems to be indicative to me that our pricing is right and we just got to make sure that we get the product where it needs to be, when it needs to be.
David Nord: Well, I mean I'm not sure what discourse you're talking about Steve. But, I think you actually summed up the environment quite well, which is a bit of what we're hearing and what we're thinking is -- there should be potential upside, but everyone is still cautious because they're not sure where things are going to go and how it's going to play out. I think there is a number of legs that have to play out here. One is getting through the election. I think there’s a lot of things that are -- projects on hold to see what the outcome is going to be. So, we get that uncertainty out of the way. Then we at least know which candidate is in place then have an idea of what the direction it's going to take. But I think it's going to be the longer term implications of what that direction is. But there certainly is a -- some discussion about the benefits that could come with investments particularly with infrastructure plans. But I think it's tempered by the funding and who's going to be paying for that and how that's going to be paid for. That is on the other side of the equation, at least for a lot of the channel partners who are very sensitive to those things. So, I think there is some cautious optimism that is out there and that maybe leading to some of the outlooks. But I think there's also a practical realism about how that will play out, when that could play out and what are the implications. So, my answer is probably as convoluted as your question. But I don't know if that helps.
David Nord: Yes, I think I’d describe it as stable in totality, we did see a little bit of transmission strength in the first half of the year that tapered off in the third quarter, but we also saw some distribution flatness in the first half that started to grow. So those two seem to be providing sort of this low growth organic out of utility right now, Steve.
David Nord: I think so. I mean we’re certainly working towards that and it's a question of whether the headwind can over take us, but the team is working very hard to get ahead of that, we’ve got a bit of a head start I think with the actions that we've been taking over the last couple of years and that's a mindset that's really gotten into practice. But those are the things that we can control. The uncertainty will be the things we can't control, market demand and pricing. And even pricing we're going to be as disciplined as we always are for as long as we can and we hope that the market continues to be a disciplined as well.
David Nord: As certainly Josh we have pretty extensive database of projects and RFPs and some of those things have multiyear lead times on them, and so I would say certainly our conversations with customers have encouragement that there is going to be spending going forward, but it's hard for us to say that there is going to be some kind of sharp improvement as early as 2017, but I do think the conversations, the kind of projects that are being contemplated overall suggests a healthy medium-term outlook for the business.
Bill Sperry: Let say, Nigel when we regress our revenues, certainly rig count is an important driver of predicting that, and so I think it could be better. The gas sides are right now what comprises our outlook, is a slightly more optimistic gas view where we think a lot of regulatory induced MRO spending will be actually creating a little bit a lift, and right now we have a reasonably flat outlook for oil. So we kind going a little bit on the momentum and sequentially our Harsh and Hazardous business and that’s really kind a flattening out. So this outlook kind of assumes that that flattening continues and that gas provides us a little lift. So something better than that would certainly be welcoming and would be additive to that outlook.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think Rich your definition of Lighting being a big chunk is quite accurate. I think to be really simplistic, if you can cut our non-res, it's kind of half Lighting and half Wiring Systems and not too dissimilar from what you're saying. I think we're expecting our Lighting growth to be a little bit stronger then on the Electrical Component side.
Bill Sperry: No, I think everything is tracking right to that actually and so that's compared to last year, but reasonably flat sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Bill Sperry: One thing that's become interesting is that the business has shrunk the projects can create some lumpiness that moves things around a little bit versus that used to be a little bit more kind of small projects out there, little bit easier to predict, but that's certainly is our expectation, exactly how you described it.
Bill Sperry: Yes, it could be that and it's not as Dave was pointing out not something we're anticipating carrying on through '17. So, we think shorter term.
Bill Sperry: I think first of all it was spread between our resi and C&I product lines, so kind of across the whole suite of products there. And I think it's from our perspective anyway more of a like-to-like kind of phenomena Chris.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the bulk of the differences, especially if you go back to reported, we had some of the expenses that were going into our reclassification we’re not tax deductible last year so that kind of created an easy compare. Some return to provision items which are not of the nature you are describing, there is a little bit I would say Chris, of more activity economically in geographies that have some better tax rate, so a little bit of that I think can be save. But the bulk of the change that you've seen is a little bit more discreet I would say.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that one of the challenges is the material inflation that we are seeing is a little bit isolated within the steel commodity. If you look across at our copper and aluminum and a bunch of the other metals that we buy we're not seeing that headwind and so I'd frankly like to see a little bit more broad inflation that would kind of be a better signs of support growth in industrial markets and et cetera. But I think the more isolated that commodity phase in steel, the harder it is to pull price. But there are some products that we have that are most to obviously steel and think of some of the steel boxes that we do in our rough and electrical and Chris there it is a little bit more obvious that it is a steel product and you can ask for some price. So I would rather see a little bit more broad, but base inflation before I think we can start to ask broadly for price.
Bill Sperry: Yes I certainly look at it in similar terms. Namely the longer we fight through it the better that it is and yet I think our business folks on the power side are still a little bit anxious about that dynamic. But I do agree with you that the longer we fight through, the better.
