Gerben Bakker: Great. Let's turn to Page 10 and starting with the end market pie chart on the left. With the first quarter behind us and increasing visibility on an economic recovery, our markets overall are trending ahead of expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. Particularly, we see industrial markets performing better, driven by strengthening light industrial verticals. We see strong order growth in the Power Systems and Gas Connectors businesses in the first quarter. And we also see our utility T&D components market performing ahead of our initial expectations. And while our expectations for non-residential markets remain more subdued than our other end markets we hear see steadily improving markets and believe we could start to see some recovery towards the latter half of the year. We now expect full year sales growth of 8% to 10% with acquisitions still expected to contribute 3% and organic growth now contributing 5% to 7%. This increase of 2 percentage points versus our prior expectations is driven by stronger volumes, as well as incremental price to address higher inflationary headwinds which Bill just gave some color on. On net, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of 820 to 860, which represents double-digit EPS growth at the midpoint of our guidance range, along with 110% free cash flow conversion on our adjusted net income. Turning to Page 11, I'll give you some more context for our guidance. You see a solid contribution from increased volumes, as our expectations for market growth are higher than our initial outlook. We're also getting strong contributions from two key drivers of our financial models in acquisitions and restructuring, both of which are under our control and tend to be more programmatic and consistent in nature. On acquisitions, we continue to expect about $0.25 of contributions from the three deals that we closed at the end of 2020, each of which is performing well early on. On restructuring, we continue to make good progress in driving cost savings with an incremental $15 million to $20 million of savings flowing through this year and continued savings moving forward even as we begin to taper investment from the elevated levels of the last two years. We'd highlight here that while we've invested in R&R consistent with the expectations we laid out over a year ago at our Investor Day, we've overdriven on savings, which has been a key contributor to operating margin resilience. As our markets recover and our volumes ramp back up, we'll be able to drive sustainably higher margins performance across the company with a more efficient operating footprint. Then as Bill walked you through earlier, we remain confident in our ability to manage price material. And we'll continue to drive this to a net favorable outcome over the cycle. We're taking aggressive pricing actions with further actions to come, though price capture tends to lag commodity inflation by quarter or two, and we continue to expect price material to be a net headwind for 2021, consistent with our prior guidance. And finally, we'll also see an impact from the return for some temporary cost benefits, particularly in the second quarter, as we lap the impact of compensation reduction actions we took last year in preparation for the pandemic. Recall that in 2020, we managed the decremental margins of approximately 15% as we aggressively controlled our cost structure and drove productivity. As our markets now begin to recover however, we plan on investing back into our business over the balance of 2021 to accelerate future growth, particularly in attractive areas such as the renewable markets which Bill just spoke about, along with the significant opportunity we see for Hubbell and distribution automation, which we highlighted on our call last February. All of this adds up to our full year earnings per share guidance of 820 to 860. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on these commitments and are focused on returning to growth as we serve the critical infrastructure need of our customers, while continuing to actively manage our costs and deliver value for our shareholders. With that, let me now turn over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe I’ll add a couple of comments to that, Jeff is one as Bill talked about the curve of that incline is so steep, so while in many instances we're leading to price, we see a quick follow on. The other sign that is encouraging is that our stick rate of price increases is actually running ahead of what it would historically do for our business. And I can speak even going back a few years when I ran the power of business and I think it was in the 2018 timeframe when we saw commodities go up and we saw tariffs go up and our approach was perhaps a little more cautious and hesitant with those customers. We are currently, it's April and we're going on our third price increase in the utility business. So it's just a sign of how we've learned and how we're going much more aggressively after when we see commodities go up, that we go up with price.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. We changed our outlook up a little, Steve, we still have it down. I think maybe one of the elements that continues to color us is half of our non-res is commercial industrial lighting. And they had a first quarter it kind of down 7%, so that kind of weighs a little bit. But outlook, which is I think your – the emphasis of your question does feel better than when we started the year. And the other kind of commercial products are showing some order patterns that would suggest some good firming. So for us, it's a little bit mixed, I think because of that.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, if we just look from an order and then an activity – market activity perspective, the underlying fundamentals are still very much there for growth, right, the project planning is there, so it comes down to what you alluded to is during the pandemic, how are we managing through quoting these big project work and which utilities to spec them and those take time. So I think what you see here in the first quarter is a little bit the effect of projects that we're working through even pre-pandemic with our utility customer that we've continued to work through that are now coming through in orders. We talked earlier about the dip we saw when the pandemic happened in our proposal and quote activity, so I think those will start see coming back later. So there is definitely demand out there, we’re now seeing more activity back in taken up these project, but there is a lag of time, and we’ve also talked about these tends to be lumpy, so I certainly wouldn't take the $200 million for a quarter and multiply that by every future quarter. But I will say we're continuing to be positive on this space. And again, your bottom line, I think of mid-single growth is very much what we see in this business.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I think Tommy you're right, that if you look at the utility side these environmental challenges continue to place a valuable premium in the eyes of utilities on grid hardening and making sure they can operate whether it's through wind or ice or in this case unexpected real freezing in Texas. So I do think ultimately it reinforces the value proposition of grid hardening. And I think that's to Hubbell’s benefit, I think if you go on the industrial side, the resin supply side, it seems to us went through a challenge with the freezing there, and that's kind of disrupted their supply chain a little bit. And so I think between the utility, maybe a favorable impact on the industrial side. With that, that resumed production being disrupted, I think that's to the negative.
Gerben Bakker: I think if you just put it in perspective, what we talked about before that we think it's mid single-digit growth, but even if you look at the first quarter that it's still down, if you just do that math, you're in that range, what you just talked about, we’re at the double-digit growth. It is a lot of labor. And I talked about that in the last call that that's not an unlimited resource and it's quite challenging as a matter of fact right now. So I would say, that's probably the biggest constraint, but yes, we definitely expect a ramp up even in the second quarter from that business.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, maybe just to add to that, I would also say that one of the things that we continue to invest and work on is the discipline around the analytics of pricing and the organization around our pricing discipline with people that solely focus on pricing. So I think it's a combination of just learning from the past, being a little more aggressive and having better tools to manage this.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And then maybe just to add, because the clear one that everybody sees is the renewables and that clearly is positive for utility vision, but as Bill alluded to right, there's proposals to invest in the telecom infrastructure, there's proposals to invest in transportation and roads and we'd play in those verticals as well, whether it's with our enclosures business for fiber installations or with our grounding and connectors and products that we use for rail and roads. So it's a net positive for us. It's more of what as Bill alluded to is what's the timing around spend.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think we do Jeff. A lot of that depends on that yellow curve flattening at some point during this year, but that would be our expectation, and if that happen, then we could catch up and start to eat into the lag, yes.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'd say broadly speaking it's been an understanding channel and I think in all walks of everyone's life, they're seeing prices increase and we'll get to bigger numbers in the second quarter. And so it keeps – we keep pushing into that Jeff. But, so far the channel understands and the end user understands, but it feels like that yellow spike is pretty steep right now relative to the last decade of activity or so. And so that's – I was watching everybody react to that, it will continue to be something we study very closely.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think flat would be ambitious. So I think the simple way, we're looking at Jeff is volume and restructuring are going to give us a decent tailwind. But price cost is kind of continue at the same drag rate percentage wise in second quarter, and then we get as well, really the absence of the furlough. So all the cost management initiatives that were sort of a temporary roll back, and I think that gives us a temporary margin headwind and in 2Q Jeff.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So I think we continue to see strong growth despite having a first quarter compare and power that was actually impressive last year. And we see the demand really pulling through, I think the drivers are pretty solid namely, you've got grid hardening against environmental problems, you've got this renewable trend and you've got just an aging infrastructure that needs to be updated. And so, we continue to see pretty healthy demand there and have a pretty positive outlook for that.
Bill Sperry: Yes, no. Tommy, let me respond to some of the financial questions and let Gerben talk on the operating side a little bit. So $200 million of bookings we thought was good as well against essentially a $600 million revenue base, that looks like a pretty strong situation there. Backlog, which we report on to you all periodically is up at $1 billion again relative to $600 million revenue base you've got year and a half's worth of visibility there, so that all feels good. And maybe let Gerben comment a little more on the access issue and how we see that evolving.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Josh, I think our view is, it would be fourth quarter and then into next year, once you get – Gerben kind of described the aggressive poll of price that we've made. So you sort of really need that flatten out. And if it even were to come down and some of that spiky activity suggested it could, then you start to actually get some super normal activity because you're actually getting kind of tailwind, but I think it’s – you are talking ultimately about fourth quarter and into next year.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think Gerben made some reference to that period when tariffs were pushing the spike up and there may have been a little bit of caution on the part of our sales and customer service teams. And there's a lot to this, this pricing actions right, it starts with the brand quality and standing for quality. It continues to service levels. It extends further to customer relationships and communication with customers because ultimately we're implementing a price increase that goes through a distributor to the user. So we need kind of this two-step coordination. And I do think perhaps that 2018 period that Gerben had referenced, maybe made that dynamic function a little bit more smoothly. That's allowing us to be a little more aggressive during this spike, I would say.
Bill Sperry: No, Chris, I think you're putting your finger on the math the right way, which is if you got a point of – extra point of price and all that does is offset cost, it puts a – it alters the incremental math, which is what you're pointing out.
Bill Sperry: Yes. That's about half and half and say, can attribute one point of the rise to price and the other to volume.
Bill Sperry: I’m just going to say, I think that it can affect both halves of our business in front of the meter and behind the meter. I think it suggests there would be investment in buildings to make them more efficient. But certainly on front of the meter seems to be a lot of intention to promote renewable energy. And as we said, I think that really benefits us on the transmission side. And it's not exactly clear to us when some of the spending really starts, if it's the middle of next year that almost feels optimistic. So the flavor of the stimulus seems – we seem to be well poised to benefit from, but I'm not sure I have great visibility as to when that would start to benefit us.
Bill Sperry: I think our enthusiasm is driven by a couple of things. I think one is where we might have a white spot in our offering where we can extend our brands that the growth rate in the vertical, the margin potential. And I do agree with you that prices and multiples can start to look like an inhibitor if – especially if you get into areas, maybe like software and it seems to – larger transactions seem to have a larger multiple associated with them. But an average, Hubbell deal, which is about $50 million in size, our business development teams continue to be quite hopeful and are in active dialogue with a pretty robust pipeline of appropriately multiple and valued situations that can extend our franchise. So I would hope that we can continue to do a programmatic level of acquisition investing year in and year out at reasonable valuations that ultimately will contribute quite a bit of value to our shareholders. Even though, I do agree there is some priciness in certain places. I think we still have our eyes on some appropriate targets.
