Tim Powers: Thank you Jim. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As we typically do on these calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning, and then Dave will provide you with a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will then share my perspective on the outlook for 2012 and then we will open up the calls for your questions. I will refer to the presentation materials that you can find on our website, and I will start on page 3. I am very pleased to report that we finished 2011 on a strong note. Our sales increased by 16% with both segments reporting double-digit increases. We reported operating margins of 14.8% which represents a 60 basis point improvement versus last year’s fourth quarter. Our margin improvement was due primarily to the higher volume and importantly we were successful in offsetting commodity cost increases with pricing actions. We experienced over normal seasonal pattern of incoming orders, where the fourth quarter slows down sequentially after the third, but exhibiting strong growth year-over-year. The utility market remained strong led by demand for transmission products; the industrial market was also strong lead by our businesses selling into the energy markets. The new construction spending in the US non-residential market was weak, but was offset by demand for renovation and relight projects. That we’re seeing building owner operators make the decision to retrofit their facilities due to the savings in energy and maintenance, and very short paybacks. On the residential side, single family housing remained soft, while stronger demand for multiple family housing projects has provided some offset. The quarter contained some highlights that are worthy of note. First we were able to overcome the upward pressure from commodity cost increases with price actions to create a tailwind for the quarter. While price cost was a drag on earnings for the entire year, we hope this quarter proves to be a turning point and while commodities have moderated they are volatile, and we are continually monitoring them to determine if and when pricing actions are needed. Second we had a very successful year in LED lighting. Our business grew at 150% during the year, and we were pleased to see that the adoption rate of LED surpassed 10% of our lighting sales, a great indication of Hubbell’s leadership in this new and exciting technology that offers our customers the opportunity to save money. Third, our strong financial performance this year has further strengthened our balance sheet, and has allowed us to deploy our cash in several ways. During 2011, we increased the dividend and repurchased over 2 million shares. In addition we closed on two small acquisitions during the fourth quarter. The acquisition pipeline is quite active, and our strong cash position will enable us to continue to pursue additional deals in 2012. In summary, I am very proud of the results in 2011. Despite half of our businesses being still mired in historic slump, we have managed to exceed our prior year peak in sales and in earnings in just three years. Our focus in driving productivity, carefully managing the cost price equation, and disciplined management of cost have enabled us to achieve these results. Now let me hand it over to Dave to provide more details on these results. Dave.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Well, let us turn to Page 17 for the discussion of 2012. We expect sales to grow in the 4% to 6% range, with both of our reporting segments contributing to the growth. While the macro concerns persist about the global economy, we remain cautiously optimistic about the outlook. Let me take a moment to address the potential impact on Hubbell of the financial crisis in Europe. We have a small amount of sales into the European markets, and we do have some facilities based in Europe that sell into global markets. We do not anticipate any significant direct disruption caused by the European volatility. However, we would not be immune from any pullback by large global players in the resulting secondary impact on capital spending in our industrial markets. Looking to our end markets, the third-party forecast of US residential new construction has not changed materially since the last call. The forecast is for new construction spending to be flat overall, with private investments slowly recovering, while the public sector is likely to be negative as stimulus related spending declines. We expect that we will be able to grow that in the non-residential market through higher demand for renovation, relight, and controls. We believe that the demand for the energy-efficient products with short paybacks will continue in 2012 and beyond. The opportunity to retrofit existing commercial buildings, as well as adding lighting controls is very significant, and is only in the beginning stages. The utility market was strong during 2011, and we expect continued growth in 2012. On the transmission side, we believe that project activity will remain well above historic levels, and that we will get our fair share of those projects. The distribution side of the business should grow in line with GDP levels on the maintenance of the network, while housing starts will not provide any meaningful lift. On the industrial side of our business we expect growth, but at a slower pace than the last couple of years. Industrial expansion is likely to be driven by such areas as automotive and steel, which use our products. We also expect that the energy markets will be strong as the continued high price of oil should stimulate project activity. We are not expecting any meaningful recovery for single family housing. However, higher demand for multiple family housing will provide opportunities in 2012, and allow for modest overall growth in the residential market. Turning to our operating margins, we expect to increase margins by approximately 50 basis points in 2012. Our goal is to offset all cost increases, including commodity, normal inflation, and investments with pricing action and productivity efforts. Our ability to manage those cost challenges should enable us to leverage our higher sales and achieve higher operating margins. In summary, we are pleased that we have been able to exceed our prior peak earnings in 2011. Our organization has changed into a more nimble and capable company that was able to achieve record results in 2011. Over the past several years, we have navigated through choppy end markets, and volatile commodity costs through staying focused on productivity to reduce cost throughout the organization, and utilizing pricing to manage through difficult commodity markets. We remain optimistic that we will be able to continue to achieve higher levels of performance in 2012 through a modest top line growth, and expanding our margins to increase shareholder returns again in 2012. And this concludes our prepared remarks, and now we will open up the call for questions from you.
Tim Powers: First of all, as we opened up our factory in China, the initial phase of that is to produce products for importation back to the US, but on a secondary basis begin to sell products into the Chinese market, and we have just begun to succeed in that effort. So we would expect China to begin to open up slowly for our power system business. In addition Brazil is a key market for us, and we have an expanding business in Brazil as we’re trying to build out a mini version of power systems in the Latin American economy. And throughout the rest of the world, in the Middle East we have some opportunities to sell our products in that area. But depending on electrical standards and a number of other things, it still represents an opportunity for us that would be at least 25% of our total, and growing from there.
Tim Powers: Yes, I think our view is that on the new construction side we are really seeing what I would call the healthy transition that must occur from reliance on projects in the public sector to a degree that is at a historic high, slowly moving back to the more balanced proportion where private enterprise comes in. But if you take those together, we are not really looking for any positive improvements from the construction of new square footage. What we are doing though, and what we are seeing is quite a healthy relight and retrofit business and that because of the returns that we referred to for building owners, we expect that business to continue to grow and offset weaknesses on the new construction side.
Tim Powers: We haven’t seen any yet. We were very pleased with the results on the retrofit and relight side, and as you recall we have an acquisition named Varon a couple of years ago, and that was quite timely in us being able to address this whole market with products that are already in it for retrofit and relight, and also the other market dynamic that it is very short delivery. So it is not uncommon for us to take an order for $1 million and turn it around in a matter of just a couple of weeks. So different market dynamics, but pretty strong performance. And again the key clients in this area would be people, customers who own their buildings. So the largest corporations in the United States are the ones that are really investing significantly in the energy efficiency of the space they occupy. So really strong customers on that side.
Tim Powers: But I would say that here, it has been a remarkably quick adoption in the marketplace, and when you back out residential, which is still in the – decorative, which is in the incandescence mode, and fluorescent, which probably represents maybe a third of our business, the adoption rate of LED for the replacement of high intensity discharge and other forms of light is reaching numbers in the 25% to 30% of the accessible market, and accelerating at a fast pace. So I would say we are looking at you know, a rapid change to this industry that we have been talking about for a couple of years. So it is turning as fast as we predicted it would.
Tim Powers: Yes, remember here we are predicting growth. So it is not markets getting worse, it is getting better at a slower rate. So if you were to see our seasonal trend, we would see our orders in December and in the beginning of January coming down into the single digit areas, and in line with year-over-year increases, and in line with what we are predicting here. And so as Dave pointed out, we have less visibility to the second half, and the other part of that discussion is how strongly our power business was up year-over-year. So we’re still telling you that our power business is going to be up mid to high single digits, off of an extremely strong year. so we’re just concerned or cautious about the slowdown in the US economy, cautious about the events unfolding in Europe, and its impact on decisions by our customers, and we think we have a decent prediction of what we will see happening with these lower growth rates.
Tim Powers: Let us say the first half would be a little higher growth rate, and the second would be related to our let us say the lack of total visibility to the second half of 2012. And when you look at our volume we did produce a lot of sales in the second half. So, it is just conservatism at this point, and lack of visibility.
Tim Powers: Well, we did extremely well in the second and third quarter of taking some large transmission projects, and quite a bit of that was delivered in the second half and quite a bit in the fourth quarter. So we always have a decline in backlog in the fourth quarter. That is very normal, so you can’t predict, you can’t extrapolate Q4 power incremental sales forward just because we were delivering these projects. On the other hand, we’re very optimistic about the transmission side of our power business, but understanding that lumpiness and nature of those awards. So it's not just a smooth, you know, you can't just draw a straight line on this. So there is still a lot of activity there is lot of bids, and we are optimistic that we will get a pretty good share of all of that. So we don't see that being a single year or even slowing down. We see that continuing on in 2012 and beyond.
Tim Powers: I would say yes, the pricing is holding for the moment. My caveat is more of the volatility on the commodity cost side, and all you have to do is look at what happens in a day when the world is feeling good about the news and stock prices shoot up and commodity costs shoot up right with it. So we have not seen any big drop in commodity costs. Oil is hanging up there at $100 and so there isn't any great windfall here. We’ve just turned the corner and we're excited that we have arrived at that point where we finally clawed our way up, you know, to catch up after three negative quarters in 2011.
Tim Powers: We have, you know, better visibility to everything up front Scott. So yes, margin improvements assuming that price falls at the levels that we do get some of the roll over, and that we don't have any negative movement in commodities. You know, there will be more positive benefit from price cost in the first half of the year. I think one of the things that, you know, I think your estimate of the margin impact on favorable price cost is probably a little high. We love that to be the case but that's you know, not likely to be the case. I think the other thing that we're dealing with is some cost headwinds that, you know, Tim has mentioned, and specifically if you look at pensions, I mean, pensions were anticipating about a $10 million headwind in pension from a combination of you know, we're dealing with low interest rate environment, a discount rate that is almost a point lower than it was a year ago, and some more conservative assumptions in long-term returns on our plan. So that's one element and then you know, the ongoing battle around medical costs and we are forecasting that you know that's going to be about $3 million headwind. So you know, that's the problem we have, certainly we are going to work on productivity initiatives as we have, but those are some big headwinds that are kind of new to this year that you know, are providing caution to our margin expectations.
Tim Powers: I would say that you certainly have picked up on a theme where that is one driver on a positive side towards distribution. What's working the other way right now and causing kind of a slowdown in spending is all the mergers and the situations around those mergers where some of them are being held up, and that uncertainty causes all kinds of slowdowns. So we believe that this trend of consolidation of public utilities will happen. It will cause more efficiencies. It will be in our favor. We believe it will work toward the benefit of us gaining better positions in some of these new, larger utilities, but while this is going on and while some of these are held up, the tendency of both companies is to slow down spending and not proceed because priorities are about to change. So I agree with you, you’ve identified a positive here, but this dampening effect in the short run is somewhat of a counterbalance.
Tim Powers: Really that story on what's going on with the trust and all that is not in our hands and we really can't comment about it. We are certainly aware that of what current practices are around shares and all that and if and when there was a time when that might occur then we would certainly take it up as a company, and look to see what could be done, but for me to predict that is really not anything that I can contribute to at this time.
Tim Powers: You know, more of the growth is on the transmission side, Jeff as you know, there is a lot of you know, big project activity there. And I would say that the bias is in the full year growth has been there. We don't break out specifically that in detail, you know, but again a big part of the 18% year-over-year is due to you know, transmission business and the large project business.
Tim Powers: Well, you are right about that, historically it has been pretty stable around 80, 20 distribution. That has clearly moved closer to 70, 30 in the range. It is still a smaller part, but faster growing for sure.
Tim Powers: For the whole year, harsh and hazardous, and industrial in general were in the mid teens. Wiring device, you know, was high single digits, in the lighting business, particularly because of the relight and retrofit was also high single digit. The fourth quarter, while we saw some change in that trend in that residential turned positive year-over-year, slight positive, but positive after a long run of negatives. But otherwise those trends were pretty much consistent for the fourth quarter as well.
Tim Powers: Well, Jeff the year in all of the markets, let us say the two strong markets of industrial and utility grew more than we anticipated they would at the beginning of the year. And the other two were less negative than we anticipated. What was different about it? So we got top line growth that was beyond our expectation. What was different about the year, and made the year more challenging was the negative material cost price challenge that we went through for the first three quarters, which didn’t allow us to move the margins like you would expect us to. So we saw a year where the volume was better than we thought it was, and the cost squeeze was higher and more challenging than we anticipated. So lots of moving parts, market conditions a little better than we thought going into the year. So we were very happy with our success on the transmission side. We were very happy with our growth in the harsh and hazardous and energy fields. So those were kind of the highlights, and the retrofit and relight grew for us more than we anticipated.
Tim Powers: No, no. Please, we would take more at any time. We have the capacity to do more, to produce more. The challenge for Hubbell is sometimes the lumpy nature and the close deliveries that our customers might want. But certainly our overall capacities are not challenged.
Tim Powers: No, I think we are anticipating when you look at the whole year, we are reflecting run rate of orders in kind of the day-to-day business, and we have anticipated some increase in the transmission business above a very high increase in 2011. So it would have to take a change in both metrics to get a number higher than this 6% and 8%. So we would have to do even better then we anticipate in transmission. So we just haven’t left transmission flat.
Tim Powers: The one Dave alluded to, which is small, but nice is we bought a connector business that makes connectors for solar panels in the residential and residential space, and added that to the Burndy portfolio, and we also added another business in our industrial controls area, that would move us from probably third in its market to the first. So a nice little bolt on, don’t want to over sell them, but they will contribute to margin at or above Hubbell’s average once we get through our purchase accounting.
Tim Powers: I would answer it generally in that you are in a significant recession in commercial and industrial lighting that all price levels are tough in these kinds of conditions, and so it is a place where price realization is harder to get, and it is not any different than you would see in any other recession. Just tough, tough sledding. Where you win is if you have some feature benefits that others don’t. So a lot of this runs the energy efficiency on a job, and for us the key to it is the broad offering of LED products into interior and parking area lighting. So that is our niche to it, but I wouldn’t describe it as anything but representative of the level of the market we are at today.
Tim Powers: Really, the residential growth that we saw in the quarter was about 6%, and that is all really attributable to the retail side of the business.
Tim Powers: We are not anticipating any significant movement there. We are pleased to see the end of the year look the way it did, and we are hopeful that our customers on that side, Home Depot, Lowe’s and others like that are more successful in ’12 than they were in 2011.
Dave Nord: No, I would say that you know our power system business has been well received by our customers, and our very high levels of on-time delivery have proven to be well worth customer value in storms, and in times when our customers are in key needs. But I wouldn’t describe market share change as anything dramatic or just really we are being able to deliver quite well in just about all of our products. So we’re taking advantage of those opportunities and we have done well on some of the large projects in the power system business.
Dave Nord: I think certainly power will still be strong and building in the first half as they to some extent remember you got some easier compares with the negative cost price items in the first half, as well as I think you are still going to see a lot of (inaudible). When you look at the full year top line guide, there is a bias towards the first half from the second half. The second half gets to be tougher compares, and of course that is where we have less visibility as we go out. So the combination of those two is where I would suggest that we put our caution. Okay.
Dave Nord: Well, I don’t know about, I don’t know if I like the term fading, but certainly they are still positive. I think within electrical the thing to keep in mind is that there is a lot of movement that can occur on the incrementals based on mix. In some of the businesses, certainly we expect continued good performance in the lighting business. But some of the higher margin harsh and hazardous project business could be an offset.
