Maria Lee: Thanks, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I’m joined today by our President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Yes, so for the – by the fourth quarter in the Electrical segment, we do think that the – we should be able to get back to where we were. I mean, that’s assuming the improvement from the comparison Harsh and Hazardous. So it’s as long as that market the keeps staying in sort of bouncing along the bottom as we see, and pricing stays within the range that we assumed across the Electrical segment. But so the short answer is, yes, I think that the margin should improve by the fourth quarter and be in line with last year.
Maria Lee: I think it’s largely based on the easier comparison. There is not an embedded expectation for a significant difference in the markets. And to-date, actually the pricing has been relatively stable. So we’re not seeing a big shift there yet.
Maria Lee: All right. Thanks, everyone. This concludes our call, and Steve and I will be available following the call for questions. Thanks again for joining us.
David Nord: Thanks, Bill. So as you saw in our release, not much has changed in our full-year outlook. Certainly, that’s not reflective of all of the dynamics that are at work underneath that with some of the changing markets and the level of activity. But our strategy is to manage our portfolio and the balance portfolio with its ups and downs and some of that volatility continue to deliver on results that we have committed to. So we’re reaffirming our expectations for the full-year, despite that market uncertainty. We’re still expecting as we have all year and as we’ve done so far this year to outperform the end markets, at least, as we see the end markets, and certainly we see them being flat overall for our business for the rest of the year. But we still see within that flat non-res and res growing, offset by the declining oil and core industrial markets. As Bill mentioned, the compares get easier, but even the oil and gas still has some negative implication through the second-half, but it’s starting to moderate much more significantly. As far as acquisitions, the ones that we’ve completed so far this year should contribute about 3% to our sales growth for the year. And I think that there is certainly more deals in the pipeline whether they get close this year is always subject to many of the variables that go into, particularly in some of the dynamics of the type businesses that we look at, particularly, the entrepreneurial businesses and the personal interest that the seller often has. But we’re still working on a number of fronts there. We have not taken our foot off the gas there. So we think all of that specifically is going to deliver earnings per share in the range of $5.20 to $5.40 per share, and that includes still estimate of $0.35 of restructuring related costs, as well as the $0.30 of incremental savings that I mentioned. We’re on track for both of those. And as Bill just mentioned on cash flow, we expect while our cash flow was seasonally higher in the second-half, we’re still expecting cash flow to be in excess of 90% of net income with our focus on working capital. So with that, I’ll just end with we’re – I’m very excited about how the team, the organization has been evolving. The progress we’re making on our many initiatives that – and we’re taking on a lot as an organization, all with a view toward delivering long-term shareholder value. It’s not always pretty in the short run. It’s certainly not easy in the short run. But that’s what we’re working on new products, streamlining costs, requiring great companies. We push ourselves to better position ourselves everyday to be better everyday going forward. So with that, let me open it up to questions.
David Nord: Well, I think the first-half was probably a little better than we expected, certainly in most of our businesses other than Lighting. I think Lighting has been the most challenging. But we’ve been fortunate, I think, Gerben Bakker, when he was – at our Investor Day was talking about how the challenges he was anticipating to face this year on the pricing side. And he reminds me of that everyday, because he keeps telling me that day is coming, because he has been thankful that he has been able to hold price. Some of that is because with commodities holding up a little bit and certainly with steel starting to come back up. But that’s likely to turn slightly negative in the second-half. But I think that’s probably – that combined with the continued challenges in the lighting pricing environment, I think suggests to us that the second-half, price cost is going to be a little more challenging. I think we’re still working to try and keep to our – I think, we had a half-a-point guidance expected around pricing. And with the better than expected first-half of the year, I think, even if the second-half turns more negative, I think, that’s kind of how we’re looking at the year balancing out. So…
David Nord: Yes. So our Harsh business is primarily oil-based, Nigel, right. So we have taken steps to try to diversify some of that explosion proof product into industrial applications. And I think, we’ve mentioned to you all before areas like distilling, and food processing, and chemical manufacturing in places, where sparks and electrical arcs would cause big problems. And so that explosion proof device has value. But those are still young kind of efforts, and I would still describe it as predominantly a business that’s predominantly oil driven. I think then as we cut our oil exposure, we’d say, we’re half domestic and half international. We’re skewed strongly upstream versus downstream and we’re skewed strongly project versus MRO. So that domestic project business is where that exposure has been hurting us. But as I say, I think, the combination of some of that diversification, as well as maybe some, at least, for this recent period some stabilization in the oil prices has allowed us to see a sequential flattening of that business, which is even though showing still some negative compares year-over-year, quite encouraging for us, and trying to end the year with basically be in that – on a new base, which we can grow off of.
David Nord: Yes, I think the market has been more competitive. I think we certainly aren’t trying to – we’re not trying to drive the market down. I mean, I think you usually have to follow the leader. I think there are some dynamics that you may hear in the channel, where we’ve had – we’ve made price adjustments to historical price levels on certain products that were way out of line with the market, and that was what drove some of the more aggressive cost actions in some of our plants, because we were clearly not anywhere near a competitive price level, yes, despite the quality of the product. And so we really had to take some aggressive cost actions to allow us to get our pricing to be more in line with the market and that was coming from the market. And we saw that, it was certainly an obvious contributor to where some of our businesses were underperforming the market. So we had to adjust our prices accordingly, because we did a lot of benchmarking and a lot of analysis and demonstrated that was, in fact, true, it wasn’t just a customer looking for a lower price. So that was – there were certainly pockets of that that you might hear about. But I think, in general, I think it’s just a – we’re trying to make sure that we can be responsive to what the market seems to be doing or I’d say, in our position in some of the cases we have to be more of a follower than a leader, for sure.
David Nord: Yes, it’s – Rich, it’s really more of the latter. I mean, we see some of those same outlooks, but some of those same outlooks are the ones that are the basis for my reference to being sloppy, because they really moved around a lot. And I think the trend line seems to have been just slightly weaker than as it starts out, still positive, still good business. But we’re just cautious around betting on that optimism, if it happens, we’d love it. We’ll be ready to participate. But I have lived enough through enough of this that we’re not going to – we’re going to be on the lower side in our outlook. All right.
David Nord: I think there’s also one of the other dynamics, Chris and it comes into play in some of the areas that we’re expecting to see more growth is actually some of the constraints around availability of contractors, which is certainly impacting the housing market and the build capability there. But I think it all – also we see it in some areas manifesting itself within the utility and particularly the communications sector. So that’s – we can work through that. There’s certainly demand for the product and a need for the capability, but it’s the ability to actually install it becomes one of the constraints, so.
David Nord: The benefits are not Jeff, we expect those – we’re sort of kind of running at that $0.30 and that’s kind of been smooth quarterly and we expect that to continue that way.
David Nord: Yes, I think the – I think Lighting doesn’t form your question very well, because Lighting has been a big focus of ours on the restructuring. And I think what we’re expecting between the $0.45 last year, the $0.35 this year, those $0.80 between the $0.10 we got last year and the $0.30 this. We’re expecting to have $0.40 delivered to the bottom line of that $0.80 kind of suggesting to your paybacks, which is Jeff, a mix of some headcount stuff, which is faster and some facility stuff, which is slower. But that’s – we’re netting out leakage that we’re trying to capture the actual savings there of our efforts.
David Nord: Yes, I agree with you. I mean, after a number of years of expecting this uptick and not getting it, but still continuing to grow at a modest, but at least stable rate, is certainly the kind of market that we prefer. It’s easy to navigate through. We continue to hear about the need to invest and the willingness to invest. I think the uncertainty that’s out there, probably the biggest uncertainty is exactly where to invest, particularly when you’re – thinking about renewables and distributed generation. How much you’re going to invest in a big facility versus a smaller localized facility, and what is that grid look like going forward. And I think that’s the – that’s probably one factor that plays into the caution and more of the modest investment levels. That’s probably the only unique thing that we hear. I mean, I think, the question is whether that’s the kind of thing that’s influencing some of the T side, as Bill referenced, and we have pretty good visibility to a project knowing that they are pushing out, but not exactly why they are pushing out. It’s not for necessarily a lack of funding, and some of it may be for concern about whether that’s the right place to invest the T, or weather there’s some alternative that has to be considered. So it’s kind of more of the same. But we’re very keen to, and we’re listening intently and trying to study where the investments might end up going in the next three to five years.
David Nord: I think the distributor inventories have come down. I think there was a pretty high level at the end of the first quarter, because I think there were – there was a lot of build and slower demand. I think we’ve seen some of that working its way down. I don’t think it’s still at optimal levels. I still think there’s a little bit of overhang there, and I think that’s influenced certainly, the early part of the second quarter was a big influence. But I think I expect that we’ll probably see a little more of that in the second-half of this year depending on the external demand. But I think we see that – I’ve seen that in the NIMA data when it looks at manufacturing shipments. I think are certainly have been weaker and I think that’s evidence of the high – higher inventory in the channel. Okay.
David Nord: Yes. So there’s – I’m not sure if your operative word there was core industrial. But to the extent that some of the heavier industrial came back, that would be very helpful from an industrial mix perspective. So things that we would sell into steel mills, for example, would be good examples of heavy-duty kind of industrial. But on the more core lighter side, really the mix within our wiring device receptacles and plugs and the like, the more industrial driven, the mix there that would be really welcome to have that come back rather than being skewed towards commercial as it is now.
David Nord: Yes. So our sales growth for the whole business was around 5%. Price mix was a couple of points, so volume would have been in the seven point range. And if you can pick apart what resi was at the lower end, components at the lower end, and C&I fixtures at the high-end of volumes for the quarter.
David Nord: Yes, I think that pricing at power does flip to negative in the second-half. But we still think that it will be certainly at a manageable level. We’re not expecting any major declines in that and particularly as you point out; we have visibility to some of that. To the extent that any indexed commodities would drop, you’d – we have to give that back just by contract. But otherwise, we think that there will be some negative implication in the second-half, but certainly at a modest level, at least, that’s our current look.
William Sperry: I also think, Nigel, we’ve seen places narrowly, whereas certain electrical products that have a lot of steel content, and we’ve made price increases in the face of that and seem to be supported by the market. So I think the transparency on the steel pricing helps where tactically you’re trying to get price in the isolated areas that you can.
William Sperry: Yes. So, Rich, for the quarter, we had – the resi business was down in the low single-digit range, which was a drop off from a strong performance in the first quarter. There’s some lumpiness on the resi side around some national account business. And our expectation is that to returns, I think, the second quarter was a little bit of anomaly on the resi side. And on the C&I side for the quarter, we’re in the mid single-digit range for the whole business. And so, again, a little bit down from the first quarter on – for lighting in the second quarter.
William Sperry: No, I don’t think it’s – no, I don’t think that one is driven that way. I think that’s just the flow.
William Sperry: I think we’re halfway in high single-digits, Chris. And so to get to that target, we have to have a strong second-half, which is what the team is focused on accomplishing. So I think the target is still in sights, yes.
William Sperry: No, I think, we saw some delay on the transmission project side, and the transmission side is always prone to those project delays. The distribution side, which is the largest – larger part of our business, which is MRO driven and it really coming out of the operating budgets rather than the capital budgets of our utility customers, and so again I just think it’s probably a sign of them being under some pressure a little bit. And as I’m saying we’re hoping that some of the hotter weather maybe gets their revenues going and allows them to spend and maintain and upgrade their networks, which would be hopefully good D-type flow business for us.
William Sperry: Yes, so let’s take those in the pieces. So starting with FX, we had about a nickel of impact in the quarter and we expect that your $0.15 number is right for the year. Pension is in that $0.08-ish, so – $0.08-ish, $0.10-ish range, so that’s right. And what you saw in non-op was driven by first of all the interest expense from our new bond. And secondly, we had some acquisition accounting from a deal we did a few years ago, where we had an offset in the tax lines, so no effect on EPS, but some geography between non-op and lower tax.
William Sperry: Yes, I mean we had the kind of price challenge in that range that we had talked about of that that sort of half point of price. You saw – it’s just not evenly applied across the portfolio. So Lighting was the most intensive. There were places at the other end of the spectrum that had motivations and support to raise prices. Examples of that, Jeff, would be places where FX headwinds were causing the need to ask for more price and others where the commodity particularly something that’s a very steel intensive and steel specific products. They also had the opportunity to ask for price. So it’s not as smooth kind of half point across the Board. It’s kind of spotty like that.
William Sperry: Yes, I mean I think that we would consider our balance sheet – just I would still characterize it as conservative. It obviously has a higher debt-to-cap and higher debt-to-EBITDA than it did. But I would say, Jeff, for the right acquisition, we would certainly be very prepared to utilize that asset of ours in the name of a strategic pursuit if it were compelling.
William Sperry: I don’t think I would give you framework. But certainly the scenario you described is certainly within the range of our opportunities that that amount of leverage and then tapping the brakes for a few years to pay it off is certainly a very viable option that would be available to us in our opinion.
William Sperry: Yes, Mike, I think we would expect the restructuring program to kind of taper down a little bit. And I’d say before we started this program, we had kind of an annual year-in, year-out, we’d spend on order of magnitude nickel on it and never talked about it, because I was always in our year-over-year compares. I expect our base level to be higher than that. So as we taper down, maybe that’s a dime or more, but it’s having to be done every year. And so I expect we’ll be doing more of it than we have in the past. But we would expect that to taper down over the next couple of years the – really the way that plan gets deviated from is in. If there’s ever a large facility that can create a decent amount of lumpiness that they would have to be managed. But barring that, we would anticipate some form of tapering.
