Maria Lee: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2019 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note, the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Bill. Capital structure on page 10. Our balance sheet remains strong. We ended Q1 with $205 million of cash and $50 million of commercial paper outstanding. During the quarter, we paid down amortization on our term loan as well as funded the dividend, invested $23 million of CapEx and bought back $10 million worth of shares. Our four tranches of senior notes have favorable rates in the low to mid 3% range and have maturities that are will spread out to the next in 2022.  Our net debt-to-cap ratio is healthy at 42%, and our leverage in terms of gross debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.5x. This is down from more than 3x a year ago pro forma for the Aclara acquisition. On a net basis, debt-to-EBITDA is about 2x. We feel confident in our ability to continue managing our leverage given our cash generation and repatriation potential. Importantly and consistent with our long-standing growth strategy, we believe our balance sheet is in solid shape to support bolt-on acquisitions near term. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave to talk about the outlook.
Maria Lee: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining. This concludes today's call. Dan and I will be available following the call for question. So thanks, again, for joining us.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So on page 11, talking about our end-market outlook for the year, our dynamics there are pretty steady. We continue to see low-single digit growth, overall. The one change here is a little tweaking down of the oil and gas. Originally, we had said 3% to 5%, keep it down to 2% to 4%, mainly given the softness we saw particularly in oil in the first half, not on the gas side. But again, we expect some pickup in that in the second half. So -- and gas should be good for us and remaining strong throughout the year.  As we talked about before, we do think there's some level of trade-off between price and volumes. And so while we typically target outgrowing our markets, we're happy to grow in line, at least near term, at more attractive margins with the market. But this is something we're going to continue to actively manage throughout the year. I'm very confident in our ability to manage this and deliver on our commitments.  Turning to page 12 then on the outlook. As I said we're reaffirming our outlook for the full year where we continue to expect net sales growth of 4% to 6%, with end markets up low single-digit, acquisitions contributing a point and then price realization on top of that. I think that growth rate is very much consistent with what we saw recently in a survey of 200 electrical distributors. I think their forecast for the year was about 6% growth overall, which would include price. My experience says that they tend to be more positively biased. So I probably discount that by a point. But on the other side, we've got 200 electrical distributors who have -- really are on the ground and have a really good insight into what's happening. So I -- we take that as a fairly reliable source. Obviously, it would depend on different markets and product offerings. But I think that all bodes well for, at least, the market for this year.  We continue to expect adjusted EPS of $7.80 to $8.20. That excludes intangible amortization of $1, and it -- but it does include $0.40 of restructuring and related investment. We expect to ramp up our restructuring-related investment in the second and third quarter. We laid out the framework for you last quarter, and we're reiterating those targets. We're well prepared to execute and excited about the initiative. We've started some. We'll see more initiated in the second quarter and throughout the summer. We'll update you over the next several quarters as we ramp up and make -- take actions that we then can communicate.  And obviously, on the cash flow front, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 110% of net income well on our way with the first quarter performance. And as Maria said, free cash flow is critical and positive aspect of our story as we execute on our working capital initiatives, and use that positive cash flow to reinvest in the business, and reinvest in other businesses.  So we put that all together on in a graph format on page 13. You see, we reaffirm our outlook with positive results year-over-year coming from operations. And I can't emphasize enough how strong we saw the operations in the first quarter, and the results that we put up overcame the less-than-favorable mix that we saw at Aclara as well as the tax headwind that we saw in the first quarter.  So really strong operating performance from the broad team. And so we'll manage through our footprint, our tax and expect to deliver consistently with what we've said so far this year. So with that, maybe I'll open it up to Q&A.
David Nord: But I think -- but importantly, Chris, that's something that Kevin and his team focused on one of the reasons that contributed to our underrepresentation was our inability to actually perform at a level that good agents were expecting. So the first was to get the operations in line and performing with the right product mix and the right service levels, which then made it easier for us to be able to convince good agents to move over to a good company with Hubbell Lighting.
David Nord: Yes, Chris, I think one of thing that Bill just mentioned is on big projects, the sell cycle is a little longer. But I can tell you that there are examples at a smaller level ones that you wouldn't notice of where there's been benefit on the legacy Hubbell Power Systems in Aclara customers that we historically hadn't penetrated and vice versa, which is exactly the premise of the strategy for the acquisitions. Not only Hubbell is bringing the technology, but also bringing a comparable market presence that we can build on. So I think there's a lot of good things going on, but the big hits are going to come over time.
David Nord: I'll give you the overall and Bill can weigh in on any specific puts and takes. But clearly, if you go back in history, we just don't change early in year. Because remember, we're largely a short-cycle business. So our visibility is somewhat limited. So we're relying on market expectations. And so we're always cautious going -- coming out of the first quarter. Certainly, our results in the first quarter gives me confidence that our guide is good. And as opposed to some periods in the past where we might not have had that level of confidence, but I think it's -- it would be premature to change anything, specifically, unless there's a major move in there, which we don't have.
William Sperry: Yes, I think Michael, we anticipate that we need to continue to pull price. And we had been pulling price off through last year. So that price eases actually as you get through the second half, you end up passing some of the pricing pieces that we'd implemented last year. On the second half of the equation, though, on the material side, particularly steel, which is the large raw material of ours, you'll start to see potentially some favorability, which creates, I think, the effects, you're seeing where you can end up with some contribution from that as the year progresses.
William Sperry: Well, look, we've been investing in lighting, as David mentioned, over the last several years. We've been taking some of their fixed costs out, been reorganizing the business. We've been investing in the front end on the agent side, and it's good to see those investments paying off right now, for sure.
William Sperry: Well just over the last couple of years, we had added and strengthened our representation on the front end in specific markets in, for example, the Southeast, in the Midwest, not on the West Coast, Chris. So those are -- that's not new news, that's just yields on investments we've made over the last couple of years.
William Sperry: Yes, I think it's a little hard for us to attribute that other than anecdotally, I think, we've gotten a lot of really positive feedback from our core customers that they are happy that it's in our portfolio. Somebody who they value and trust in relationship with us and the quality of the products we provide and standing behind our products. So I do think there is some benefits there. But I think the -- and I'm not sure if there is displacement that we see, specifically. I do think that between that it will good for us and is to get more communication, higher-margin communication product into that mix, Chris. And I think that, that combines which you had in question where our traditional customers and those sell cycles are over a couple of years, right, if not over a couple of months or quarters. And that's what where we're looking forward to is the communication side of that growth catching up to the other side rather than some...
William Sperry: And that has a benefit of sitting in, Chris, on customer meetings where we have both Aclara senior management with Hubbell Power Systems senior management and as Dave said, it's a real powerful meeting that -- different than meetings that we used to have and either have. So I think there's a big complementary nature to that, that our customer base is favorably reacting to.
William Sperry: Yes. I think, Deepa, if we were looking for what we learned in the first quarter, I think there was a couple of important learnings: one was the market strength hung in there; and two, that our pricing strategy had some traction. So I think that -- those things underline from the Dave's confidence that it feels good to be off to a good start.
William Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure there's much significance to monthly analysis as the year went by, Deepa. I think January can be a distorted month for us. There was probably some pull forward in some of the tariff-sensitive areas in the fourth quarter that causes some softness in January that can also be affected by customer incentive. So I think as we analyze our results by month, we didn't draw much momentum conclusions month-to-month, but rather looked at the quarter as being a good contributor. We spent some time thinking about what the first quarter usually contributes from a sales OP and earnings perspective to the year, and it felt good to have reasonable comparisons there that we're not depending on a back end load or anything like that.
