Maria Lee: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I am joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Yes, sure. So yes, so the mix and FX if you look at both of those impacts, that pretty much accounts for the entire decline. So the mix was the bigger piece of that and was just less than a point, but still a big impact. On the pricing, electrical’s pricing was line with how we exited the year in terms of headwind. So we haven’t seen that getting much worse, but still pretty strong level of pricing headwind.
Maria Lee: Okay, great. Thanks. That concludes today’s call. We will be around all day for follow-up questions and thanks again for joining us.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Thanks everyone for joining this morning. Let me give some opening remarks and then Bill can take you through the specifics of our results. Certainly from our perspective, we had solid results in the first quarter, consistent with our long-term strategy of supporting shareholder value creation. Pretty much in line with our expectations, but certainly it feels a lot better than the last few years start to the year, more reliable, more consistent, so really felt good about that, particularly felt good on the top line, with sales up 3% and that had a combination of both organic growth as well as the acquisition benefits. We continue to execute on our restructuring and related actions and we continue to make investments in enhancing our presence in growing markets and growing businesses. And of course, we still have an ongoing deployment of cash, completing two acquisitions in the quarter as well as the share repurchases of $200 million. So, as a result of all this was earnings per share are up 4% year-over-year, adjusted for the restructuring and related costs. Before I hand it off to Bill to take you through the slides, let me just highlight a few other events in the quarter. As you know, we held our Investor Day in New York in March and many of you hopefully were able to participate either in person or by phone. It was great to see many of you there. This event allowed us to really showcase the leaders of our groups and particularly the new organization. You had a chance to hear directly from them how they feel about the bright future for Hubbell. Some of the highlights: Kevin Poyck talked about our 10% annual growth target in lighting. Darrin addressed the role of innovation in driving customer value and maintaining strong competitive positioning in our wiring business. Rodd Ruland covered moving into adjacent markets within our Harsh and Hazardous products as well as the acquisitions in the natural gas infrastructure space. And Gerben highlighted Power’s consistent top line performance, the achievement of $1 billion of sales in 2015 and the promising prospects for business outside of our traditional transmission and distribution markets. We expect to continue the process we started last year of having the Presidents to join us during investor meetings during the coming year. I think next up the schedule as you will see Rodd Ruland somewhere over the next month or two out in the field. Also, in March, we held an Executive Summit, which brought together 125 of our top leaders within Hubbell. It was an amazing show of the energy and excitement from that group. It was our fourth in the series that we launched when we first launched our initiative on One Hubbell, lot of sharing of ideas, best practices and continued collaboration for our leadership to drive to the future goals that we shared with the investment community back at our Investor Day, really fantastic to be part of that meeting. And on the customer side, as I mentioned in March, it all starts with the customer. And over the last few months, I have had the opportunity to spend some time with quite a few of our channel partners of all sizes. In general, I would say they see the market in a similar way. They are optimistic about growth, but realistic about a market that’s likely to be choppy and sloppy and certainly very positive about the way they see Hubbell, our emphasis on One Hubbell where it makes sense and can make their lives easier and their businesses more successful and the energy and attitude they see from our new organization. And we hear similar things at the various industry events, most recently at the AGA meeting commentary around the gas distribution businesses that we put together in support of a market that is and will continue to experience good growth potential. At some upcoming events, it can give you an opportunity to see some of us in action amongst the various industry participants. Hopefully, some of you might be joining the call from LIGHTFAIR in San Diego. Kevin and the Lighting team are sharing their significant offerings and plans for new products. And next week, our Power Systems team will be doing the same thing at IEEE Convention in Dallas. I plan to be there for part of the event with the entire Hubbell senior leadership team as well. So, a lot of good things happened, a lot of positive things happened and we just are optimistic that the market will continue to allow us to perform and deliver positive results. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill and he can take you through the specifics of the quarter.
Dave Nord: Okay. Bill thanks. Just first on the end markets on page 12, very similar, no changes at this point to our outlook for the end markets from although certainly based on their performance in the first quarter, some of those markets performed a little better and may indicate some upside, particularly on the residential and non-residential construction. Certainly also, happy I guess is maybe too strong a word to say that with a little moderation of improvement of oil prices, you have got a little moderation of the declines in the energy sectors. So that should bode well for the rest of the year and some improvement at least to get us to our outlook of 15% to 20% declines in that market. I think overall very simply, turning to Page 13, we are reaffirming our expectations for the full year. So, flat end markets, as we have indicated in those markets with the growth in construction-related markets, declines in oil and the core industrial markets. I mean, I think that flat when you look at the previous pie is plus or minus a point. So, we are just calling that flat. Hopefully, we have a bias to the upside, but at this point, that’s what we are looking at for the markets. That gives us our diluted EPS and the range continues to be $5.20 to $5.40 and that includes approximately $0.35 of restructuring and related costs. And free cash flow at least 90% of net income, slight change here. We are focusing putting more emphasis on working capital. And we are looking to improve from our original guidance. I think the team feels pretty confident about these expectations certainly given our good start to the year, 2% organic growth in the first quarter in a generally flat composite market, so on track with our full year expectation of outperforming those underlying end markets. Our first quarter acquisitions of Lyall and EMC should contribute 3% to our sales this year. And you demonstrate that acquisitions continue to be a key part of our growth strategy. Currency headwind will continue to be a headwind certainly if rates remain at the current levels although that will be less severe than it was last year. And operating margins, we are getting the incremental restructuring savings of about $0.30, consistent with what we have said prior and with our restructuring-related costs, good payback projects. And we believe that the unfavorable mix that we have been experiencing for some time should start to moderate throughout the year. And with the completed – completion of our previously announced share repurchase program, we have a lot of opportunities to deploy capital in our historic and varied ways whether it’s in investing in the business, dividends, acquisitions or additional share repurchase. So, we continue to position our business and cost structure for sustainable earnings growth focusing on the things that we can control and that’s really focusing on the cost side, cost actions. And if the market performs at least at the level that we are expecting, we feel really good about the prospects for the year. So with that, let me open it up to questions.
Dave Nord: Well, I mean, Rich, there is certainly admittedly maybe some conservatism in there. It’s early in the year. I think consistent with the view that I have expressed that I have heard from our customers, there are some mixed messages that come out. You saw within the last few days, new home sales dropped for the third month in a row, which – how does that play into the homebuilders’ permit starts, their activities. The good news on that is, since we are sort of at the tail end of that that would be something that wouldn’t really impact us until certainly later in the year, but that’s the kind of data that I look at and just I am a little bit cautious as we – until we get a little further into the year and see how some of that plays out. Hope that helps.
Dave Nord: Nothing other than the – what continues to be the volatility in activity. You have good days and good weeks and bad days and bad weeks and so you have got to take enough of that. There is not enough of a consistent pattern that I would say everyday is up 10%, so I feel really good about that. You have got to – but certainly the first quarter was good. And the second quarter, I expect to be similar. But as you know, we also still have albeit less than historically still a dependence on a construction bias in the second and third quarter. So really it takes getting through the better part of the second quarter to start to get a reliable view as I would look at it.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think we are – Rich, you are looking at assuming the cost structure would be more in the mid-$40s to $45 to $50. That’s really the issue if oil stabilizes in the mid-$40s and a little better. And quarters when we see the market then stabilize, we wouldn’t have to do quite as much, but we are certainly prepared to do more. We think we are still at a cost structure in the low to mid-50s so we still have a little more to do.
Dave Nord: Yes. I don’t think that it was extraordinarily high in most of the business because of volume and absorption. I think it’s the nature of the product than the markets through the question – which is real question would be around pricing going forward.
Bill Sperry: Yes, there is, Rich. Even though there is a little bit of weakening there, we are still – compared to the average level of last year we still have those kind of headwinds.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Rich, the – for the quarter, we were down in the mid-20s against a still difficult compare last year. Even though oil prices were dropping, we had some sticky orders that shipped. And the way we see the year unfolding is the sequential dollars of harsh and hazardous start to flatten meaningfully. And so the compares on a VPY basis really start to shrink. And so the way we are guessing we are going to exit the year in sort of a single-digit down level, but it does feel like we are still in that range for the year right now.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Look, I think if you started with the restocking question, I think it feels to us where we have data and we can see some point of sale, point of purchase kind of information. It doesn’t really feel like there has been a lot of restocking. It feels to us like inventory levels are at reasonable levels. I would say there has been some weather impact into your question. And so, they are right and maybe the construction season was kind of pulled forward perhaps a little bit. And so those are all kind of factors that we kind of keep considering and as Dave mentioned wanting to kind of get through a little bit more of the year to really see what’s happening on the orders side.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So between C&I and resi, C&I business was up high single-digits and the resi business was up double-digits to get us to 10% growth rate. And we are still seeing attractive margin expansion from the segment. And so we are enthusiastic that it looks like we are able to get good growth out of that business as well as put some emphasis on the cost side and restructure those costs to make sure that we get margins to come along with that growth.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say of a commercial side, we have seen particular strength on the office front. And on the institutional side, I would say you call both of them both healthcare and education are kind of the standouts from that side.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that you are right to point that out. So as some of those commodities feel like maybe they have bottomed and we are starting to see inflation there. We have this challenge of seeing this price have to continue to chase the strong second half of ‘15 where we had real tailwind from those commodities and when can we convince our customers that there is inflation in front of us and kind of firm that price. I would say right now, they continue to have some bit of pricing power where it’s FX supported rather than just kind of general market. But I think you are right to point out kind of a soft pricing kind of the environment in general as commodities appear to be firming. And so that catches us at a time where we are going to have to be nimble with our customers to make sure that doesn’t – that dynamic doesn’t squeeze us.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the restructuring is much more addressed at the common cost side where we have been taking out some inefficient facilities and putting our volume in lower cost sites. I think that’s really helping us on the cost side. I think on the growth side, you have got what the markets have, but then we have also been investing in some of the verticals, make sure we are going after things like healthcare vertical. And we are also investing in our agents on the front end of the business. And we are also investing in the resi channel. And so I think we are seeing volume paybacks from all of those investments on the top line. And I would say the restructuring and related is really attacking the cost structure.
Bill Sperry: I think that the outlook is quite consistent with what we have seen. I think the T&D balance is where it’s been. The growth in that adjacency of the outside plant communications products has been notable. And I think the bigger driver on margins for Power would not be driven by any of those volume changes, but more by kind of the price-cost dynamic that we talked about on the last question. So certainly if there is organic growth, there will be good incrementals for the Power folks. But I also think being mindful of this price cost shift as commodities start to re-inflate, that’s where we have to be most mindful, I think.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that it may come in slightly less than that, Rich. We still have good ideas that are coming up. And as we see if those volumes really do start to sequentially bottom and if we kind of find ourselves on the bottom of that, you – we may not have to dedicate as much of those dollars to that area as a full third. But it is a leading area of our attention and it has been getting a lot of those investment dollars for the reasons that you are citing.
Bill Sperry: I think on the way down, Rich, pricing behave reasonably well and constructively, such that our decrementals were kind of in line with what we expected. I think, as Dave said, if that – we have seen a lot more price deterioration on the way down. I think that would have made your question more challenging to answer in the affirmative. But we would say the value add of the product and the fact that the price and competitive dynamic remains kind of balanced should bode favorably for incrementals as the volume kind of comes back for us.
