Maria Lee: Thanks Teresa. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2018 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Sure. Thanks Bill. We ended the first quarter with $216 million of cash, approximately 90% of this was held outside of the United States. The decrease in cash from year end was because we repatriated about a 180 million of international cash and used it to pay down commercial paper, which had increased from your end as a result of borrowings for the Aclara acquisition in February. We ended Q1 with a 149 million of CP outstanding. There are a couple of new items related to financing the Aclara acquisition. We added a prepayable five year term loan A for $500 million as well as the fourth tranche of long-term debt. And as you can see, all of our long-term senior notes have attractive rates in the low to mid teens. So these additions, along with the higher CP, increased our debt to cap to 56% from 39% at year end, reducing our leverage by paying down CP and the term loan is one of our capital allocation priorities. At the bottom of the page is our 750 million credit facility and that backs our commercial paper and it's fully available to us. Let me turn it back over to Bill 
Maria Lee: Yes sure. All of the intangibles amortization which includes the inventory step up in the backlog reevaluation, we would expect this year to be something around 45 million you can convert that into the - 45 to 50 million, I think it turns out to be somewhere between $0.60 and $0.70. 
Maria Lee: Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining us. So that concludes today's call and I will be available all day for questions.
William Sperry: All right. It’s okay, I'm going to just give some closing comments here. I think, first on our outlook. And if you look at the market, with one quarter of completed, this year is so far shaping up pretty much as expected. Although admittedly some of the material cost headwinds are greater than we anticipated, but the combination of positive markets and some of the other activity benefits of our cost reduction actions are going to help to mitigate that.  And we're working to get the price, but I think as we look at the end markets, we think most of our end markets are still anticipated to perform at the levels, that we have forecasted from the beginning of this year. Going around all in the 2% to 4% percent range, a non-res, maybe a little bit lighter than the, some of the indicators on that, just suggest that it's not as robust, but still growing. And I think as we mentioned earlier, the upside that we're expecting a little bit more positive results in the oil and gas, particularly with the price of oil increasing. So, the good news is continuous to be consistent growth across all of our end markets. Turning to page 13, specifically on the outlook, so, that end market growth translates in combined with acquisitions, translations, and top line growth of 15% to 20%, which are big numbers for us by historical standards. The end market embedded in that, is in the 2% to 4% range. The acquisitions at about 15% and then our new product development and focus on technology, it's going to drive some modest market out-performance. All of that leading to as maintaining our original guidance on diluted earnings per share of 6.10 to 6.50 reported and on an adjusted basis of 6.95 to 7.35. With that adjusted excludes the Aclara acquisition related and transaction costs, but it includes our legacy intangible asset amortization of about $0.50.  And as bill mentioned - I mentioned earlier, we're working and we expect to deliver free cash flow greater than that income. So I think, when I think about in some - we're benefiting from U.S. tax reform, lower taxes, ability to repatriate cash, pay down debt, and even after two months or so of completing the largest transaction of our history, we're even more excited about the prospects of what we can offer to our customers. The outlook has a lot of moving basis, but the objectives for this year are very clear for us, capitalizing on the market growth, which is there and we need to make sure, we take full advantage of that. Getting priced, which we are doing and it's easier with differentiated products. It's harder in some of the commodity space and more competitive environment, but we're getting priced and we expect to continue to get priced a spending appropriately on the actions that will support long-term growth.  We've got to make sure that we're continuing to invest in the future, obviously generating cash, to pay down debt, but also to reinvest in the business. And then obviously integrating the Aclara effectively. So I think there's a lot of things going on. We certainly are focused in those key areas. And I think, we - the team and I laid out our vision for 2020 back in March in investor day, with sales growth at twice the market over the next few years. We certainly have line of sight to high single digit earnings growth in the base business. And then you add Aclara’s contribution to that, I am quite confident we're doing the right things to make this vision a reality and it starts with this year's performance, which we expect to be a very strong basis for that ongoing vision. So with that, let me open it up to questions. 
William Sperry: So I think Chris, there's an element of I'm really more - as more price discipline and some of that being just what business you're going after, the other – and some of that even goes to a focus on those businesses and those product offerings where we have a differentiated advantage. Because obviously as I mentioned earlier, those are the areas across our entire portfolio, not just in lighting where you have more ability to get price, to offset some of the cost headwinds and naturally those are higher margin businesses too. So that's another area of focus within the lighting business that we see.
William Sperry: Well I guess, we could start with slow as a relative term. You might have expectations of timing that's different than ours. So my confidence is based on, what we're seeing in some cases is signs that one, the actions that we're taking to the signs of acceptability, not necessarily on the utility side. Utility side has, you know, has certainly put more pressure on the utilities are under pressure from a cost standpoint, particularly on the O&M side, but even on the capital side. So, I don't think that what you heard at the show is not necessarily at align with what we're dealing with. You know, when we talk about pricing, I think it's certainly going to be more bullish on the C&I side. We're getting some of that. The utility side, it’s got a little more challenge in it. I mean, and I remind you that from our business I think you guys use to give government a little hard time over the last year because for a number of years he was saying, you know, that it's coming and we've been, able to hold price in a commodity weaker environment, while the commodities turn and the utilities remember that in some cases. So, um, so it's a tougher, tougher battle, but I think we also believe that there's a bit of an advantage versus, first is for example, a transformer, a market where it's a much bigger spend, so a lot more price sensitivity versus some of our components products that are critical and lower element of a project cost. So it gives us a little bit more flexibility. But don't get me wrong, the utilities are still pushing back as much as they can. 
William Sperry: On average, I'd say that that's true. Somewhere in the 4 to 6 on average, I mean we have pockets though that are working on 8 to 10. If they've got a lot of higher material content, which sounds bad, but it is what it is. But I would say on average, it's in the mid single digit.
William Sperry: Yeah. So CapEx then is becomes a function of how much of that R&D you capitalize, which would not be growing. And then how much is on the PPE side, which will not be growing at anything beyond replacement stuff and need growth. Yeah. 
William Sperry: Yeah, I think, I think we, we do expect some seasonality, Rich. Similar seasonality to what Hubbell experiences, namely that second quarter and then especially third, being the stronger areas of both volume as well as margins for them. As I said when we were together, we had been planning that their margins would be mid- teens and I think after a reviewing some of this R&D that Steve was talking about a little expense a little more. So we think their margins will come down to lower double digits. And, but they only were operating kind of add double digits in the first quarter. So we do anticipate seeing their volumes and margins a pickup in the second and third quarter.
William Sperry: It was, the cost base is just performing much more in line, much more predictably. And so those kinds of margins are where we are. As Dave said, I think we're finding that to even try to maintain share of a commercial spending, you might have to chase with too much price. So I think we're choosing to forgo a little bit of that volume, and let that cost structure perform and get the margins going better, which is what you're asking about. So that's, that's been kind of a decided a tactic of ours.
William Sperry: So for the whole company, the price that we pull the ex-lighting was offset by essentially what that point, that lighting gave away. So the net price cost is essentially material cost because pricing was flat overall.  And yes, I would say that as the year goes on, we're anticipating that the second half in as part of, I think underlying some of Steve's question too about does it get better? It gets better in the sense that it becomes more balanced in the back half, especially as we exited the year. You think maybe you start to catch up. So that's the - you can't with this much inflation, you can't catch up overnight, but you got to be vigilant and really be disciplined about it. And so, I think it is, I think it will take us the whole year to fight that battle.
William Sperry: Yeah. So if you, if you use the, um, use the last page of the outlook, which is page 14, you can see that, we're anticipating Aclara contributing about $0.50 to the total and that $0.35 of that, well the $0.85 of the add backs of - $0.35 is, the combination of the transaction and reported results. And then Maria within reported, the amortization versus the actual fee split for Jeff.
William Sperry: Yeah, yeah. I think the way that we're looking at it, Jeff, and that's really why Dave gave you that $0.50 of legacy and tangible. So I think if you saw the $7.15, which we were guiding to on an adjusted basis, when you add those next $0.50 of legacy intangibles, you get up to about $7.65. And to us, that cash EPS is quite an important measure because we think free cash flow even though we think of it as, as net income, and the percent, but there's, there's an important relationship there.  So our expectation would be this year, Jeff, on a run rate basis, because we did have some abnormal first quarter outflows, but on a run-rate basis, we think you should be talking about 110% of net income of free cash flow this year, which would translate into the mid 80s on that higher cash EPS of the $7.65. And then our strong focus would be on using working capital management to get more efficient there and get that conversion on the free cash flow basis higher in subsequent years. So I think that framework that you're talking about is important to how we as management and look at the, at the free cash flow conversion equation.
William Sperry: Yeah, I think, I think you're right about the noise in the quarter and receivables are the kind of thing. Our quality of receivables is very high, collectability is often very high so that those do become the most timing sensitive as you point out. So I think our opportunity is in inventory and payables and the inventory, I think you all at investor day, Susan Huppertz , we've hired a new VP of OPs and we're excited to be working with her and figuring out and developing ways to really get more focused and more disciplined around getting our inventory days down, while keeping our service up. And then on the payables side, becoming more, I think more disciplined to, about how to optimize when you're taken advantage of a discount and when you still have some term days, so when you see a quarter like ours where payables were a use while inventories built, you know, that's a good sign that I think we need to be more disciplined there Jeff. 
William Sperry: Yeah, I think we've seen evidence that the pipeline is growing. The feedback we've got from our customers has been favorable. I think what's exciting for Dave and me to see is the cooperation at the front end of the house between Gervin sales force and the Aclara folks. And really there's been a couple of examples of, some selling efforts where we've been trying to sell our legacy hardware to some of their rural customers and conversely we've had some larger IoU conversations where we've really helped open the door for their communications business. And in those cases where we've been getting our clients together with a broader suite of products, we've received good feedback. It's too early to say, of any tangible quantifiable impact of that, Jeff. But I'd say, those early signs are good and I think more towards the back of the house. It's been interesting watching, the rest of our company get to know and understand what the technology inside the Aclara can do and how maybe that can help make other parts of Hubbell smart and communicating. And so I think you are at the very, very early days of seeing if one plus one equals, you know, more than two. But the signs I would say are encouraging. Right. 
William Sperry: Yeah. I think that, we continue to always evaluate, uses of cash. But I think you're a in share repurchase could be a very viable use. but I do think you're right to assume that priority wise, you know, on a kind of a four year glide path we're looking to pay off that CP and that and that term loan. So, that, I think you're right to assume.
William Sperry: Yeah, I mean CP will be, serves as our, um, overnight kind of funding sources. So any at any quarter end you might have some CP, but that, that's those are good. I'm good gauges to think about how, how much free cash flow the next four or five years we're looking to pay down. 
William Sperry: I think is, as David commented, for us to have a one percent of price in the quarter is actually a better experience than we've been having and I think it's, there are some projects, uh, with some more commodity products that would lend itself to use price to go chase the volume. and I think it's, if there's an opportunity for us here that we've shown in the quarter to be a little bit more selective about, about. 
William Sperry: Yeah, if you're saying between non-res and res, you know, I think the pricing is a little bit firmer and res than it is in non-right as if that's what you mean. If it's sub slicing, non raise, I don't think it's, I don't think you can generalize to too easily. 
Dave Nord: Chris, it's really driven by cost management. From the volume side, lighting was down about three percent with about a point of price, contributing to that from a sales perspective. So, it's really coming off the backs of more effective cost structure, which yes is continues throughout the year. So hitting our plans and our guidance is not dependent on big volume, it's dependent on controlling those costs, which we feel much better about than we did last year.
Dave Nord: Yeah. I think that the, um, the role that oil and gas business played in contributing to that is important. And so they're obviously not back at that level as we come back, we're seeing more land-based rigs rather than the deepwater. We're seeing more diverse i.e. less pure oil for harsh and hazardous. So I do think Chris, I could see as we go forward as harsh and hazardous volumes come back that their margins could be a little bit lower than the peak in that era - that you're describing. And at the same time, our goal would be to find productivity and other things to get back to those levels. So those are good motivating benchmarks for us to get back to him.
Dave Nord: Yeah, I think it starts Steve with the R&D effort, right. And so, we had shown your R&D spending sort of in the 10% of sales kind of range based on last year's sales and the amount of R&D that's going on there. So that's obviously significantly higher than a typical Hubbell business.  We then - there's a question of how much of that you expense versus how much you capitalize? And I think we're going to end up expensing a little bit more than they have historically done.  But nonetheless, I think what happens is that $50 million does not grow, but what happens is your sales grow. And so your percentage of R&D comes down, is I think how we're imagining that - playing out over the next few years. 
Joseph Osha: First Maria and Bill, just to clarify you had this $500 million prepayable paper. Are we, should we expect to see any buyback activity until uh, at least some of that gets, uh, it gets paid down some, some colors there would be helpful.
Joseph Osha: Okay, great. And then a second latest regards to yet again, lighting. I'm wondering if we can get a sense as to where the, the price pricing has been less palatable versus where you've been more able to, to hold on. Thank you. 
Joseph Osha: Sorry, I meant in terms of end market. I was just wondering if my dry didn't ask the question. Well, and in terms of which end markets you're, you, you find yourself being able to hold the line a little more. That's what I meant. Sorry. 
