Bill Sperry: Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much for joining us. Usually we have got Dan Innamorato kicking off our call. And Dan and his lovely bride decided to go to labor and delivery this morning to hopefully welcome their first child. And so we are going to be joined instead this morning by Jay pan. Jason is second year with Hubbell. And he has been leading SPNA for us here and you may know his name or his voice from his some prior lives he has had in IR so Jay will get us started.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Jeff, I think we did see during the second quarter, some destocking happening in the channel. And I’m not sure we have lots of evidence that everything has been restocked. So as Gerben and I have been meeting with our customers, I think there has a general cautiousness, and I think they are happy to have some of their inventories lower, and they are happy to put demands on us to make sure we can deliver things on time, especially in vendor-managed inventory situation. So I don’t think we have seen a big restock yet that has offset the destocking that happened. I think everyone is kind of playing to see how volumes unfold. And yes, on the pricing side, sequentially, certainly, I think copper kind of bounced first, Jeff, right, but steel aluminum coming. And so I think we felt very successful through, for example, the tariff period, working with our customers on price. And I think this will be a new phase where we have to get it. And you are right that, that doesn’t happen in a week. That takes usually several weeks of conversation and planning and working with customers to get that figured out. So there has a process on that underway across various parts of the company.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think Gerben mentioned the distortion in the fourth quarter from some of the tariff exemptions that kind of were lumpy as they came through there. The storms that happened in Q3, it is always storm season. This happened to be an active year. Hard to know how much of that repeats. But kind of typical puts and takes, I would say, Steve.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I don’t know that we do have any unique insights to how Stimulus Bill might specifically effect. I think it will be interesting to see how the next week goes. And what we have policy wise rolling down at all of us.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Deepa, it is a good question. And since everyone’s congratulated everybody, but me, I feel like the here the way that is. But I think the cost actions, if you go back to our Investor Day, which feels Deepa, like a lifetime ago when we were together in New York in the first week of March, our expectation was that there could be some tapering in our restructuring spending starting next year. So maybe going from $0.40 down to $0.30 maybe. And I think what we have seen is the spending this year, we are trying to keep on track to spend the $0.40. Some of the actual footprint work was hard to do with people on furloughs. You don’t have the resources in to get the work done. And in some of the dollars were shifted towards good fashion headcount realignment, which has really quick payoff. So rather than having that tapering that I think we talked about in March, I would anticipate, and we don’t have our operating plan to present to you all yet. We will do that in January. But I anticipate our restructuring spending to be more flat next year. Because I think there has some projects for this year that we won’t get a chance to finish, and we are going to want to do them anyway because they have really nice returns. And so I think our spending, we will kind of probably maintain that, I would think, next year.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I’m saying 30 million or $0.40, which is what we are trying to do this year, yes, and maintain that next year. rather than taper back 2020, yes.
Bill Sperry: Yes. No, the growth will be an important part of that, Josh. So that is why I wanted to show you that margin slide, even though it is only for the quarter, I think it is constructive. So I think the way we get to margin expansion is the red bar on volume decremental slips to green. Some of those cost benefits, T&E and furloughs and temporary actions, stuff like that, that will flip back to Red, but net of those two should be okay, and that leaves you to manage price cost, which was, I think, two of the questioners we are getting at, and we agree how important that topic is as we are at the point of watching materials here. And as well as Gerben was highlighting, just getting that restructuring benefits of continued projects this year. So I think that picture is how we accomplish it. But getting volume is a good important part of the story or at least eliminating the red of the negative one.
Bill Sperry: Maybe just a comment on add to that. While the LED penetration certainly is deep, I think an area of growth for this market is lighting controls. And it is hard to make the LED lives that are now in buildings and structures more efficient and more effective. So that is certainly an area that we are seeing the growth on our own basis.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris, I think if you took our non-res exposure, you can kind of cut it in half. And half of it is lighting, commercial C&I lighting product, and the other half is wiring and some connector-type products. So I think if you were to start with lighting, they have really gone more than 50/50 to the rental side, and there really are some interesting national count drivers of large operators of real estate, think of quick source restaurants or big-box retailers, and they can turn on and off large programs of and that can kind of uncouple, I think, from some of the non-res data. So there has opportunity in some of that or that to switch on, say, specifically in lighting. On the others, C&I products, I think that skews less and more new construction. And at the same time, I think there has still an emphasis on how we sell the product within four, trying to find those rental opportunities and make sure you are getting your share or more than your share of that work either by getting to specifiers, right, being a part of getting specked in rather than just waiting to be plucked off the shelf.
Bill Sperry: I would say it is a possible scenario. I think we will be able to, and we give you our outlook in on our next call, we will be more explicit about what we see there. I think what you are describing is possible.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I’m describing our couple of years of ownership, where we had some big up years, right? And so that is combining with this year to get us to mid-singles. And so I think that when you can get the installers into near buildings, I think you are going to see that return to that level of growth. I absolutely think in our conversation with our customers that the role of smart meters and communication devices and grid monitoring products that Aclara sells are in quite high demand. And as we are seeing on the component side, our business utilities where it is in the infrastructure and backbone, and they don’t have access issues, they are actually willing to spend to upgrade. So I think that is taken us to 11 o’clock. And Dan usually comes on at this time and says, please call me and follow-up, and Dan will won’t be around. So I’m hoping you can wait a day or two for Dan. If there has something burning that you need to follow-up on, Jay and I will figure out how to get back to you. It just may not be as responsive and cycle time, but appreciate your understanding there.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Dave for the kind words, and I just want to add how honored I am to take this new position at Hubbell. Good morning, everybody. I have seen firsthand that what makes this company special our talented people, our reliable products and our long-term relationships with our customers. I look forward to building on the success that we have achieved under your leadership days and I’m confident that we have a bright future ahead. Moving to the third quarter, I’m going to start my comments on Slide 3 with a brief summary of another strong quarter of operating performance and free cash flow generation for Hubbell. We achieved high single-digit growth in our power systems business in the quarter. A secular grid modernization trends continue to drive the need for utilities to invest in critical grid infrastructure. We continue to differentiate ourselves in the space with our unique utility solutions platform, as well as our reliability and service. And we anticipate end markets to remain supportive of growth. As expected, electrical markets remain soft in the quarter. We saw steady sequential improvement relative to the second quarter, but most end markets continue to see year-over-year declines with a notable exception in our residential lighting business, which grew double-digits in the quarter, which strengthened e-commerce and retail channels. Our operational transformation continues to pay dividends with structural savings on the investments we are making in footprint optimization and we continue to execute on price cost while benefiting from proactive cost control as well as more temporary lower operating expenses. We continues to generate strong levels of free cash flow with almost 30% growth year-to-date. And this cash flow allows us to pursue a balanced capital allocation strategy and generate attractive returns for shareholders. In fact, we closed on a couple of bolts on deals in October following the quarter close, high margin businesses and attractive markets. And we will talk a little bit more about them later in the release here. Looking ahead, we are raising our guidance for the full-year based on strong performance in the third quarter, and our higher levels of visibility through year end, particularly in our utility markets and our execution of costs. Let’s turn to Page 4, to highlight our results for the quarter. You can see organic sales declined 8% with demand for utility TND components in our power systems business remaining strong as our utility customers continue to invest to upgrade, modernize and harden the grid. Outside of the power systems, we continue to experience project delays at Aclara and generally soft economic activity across most electrical end markets driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. So demand did improved sequentially in the quarter. Despite the volume declines, and similar to the strong operating execution we have demonstrated throughout 2020, we achieved another quarter of operating margin expansion. Our investment in footprint optimizations continue to pay off with attractive structural savings. We realized positive price cost across the portfolio and we continue to manage our cost across Hubbell as well as benefit from the more temporary lower operating expenses. From an operational perspective, we are managing through the challenges of the pandemic effectively. As an essential manufacturer, our factories are open and operational. And while we experienced some supply chain disruption in the second quarter, these have been resolved and we operated much more effectively in the third quarter. Our focus remains on protecting the health and safety of our employees. While continuing to serve the customers with the products they need to operate critical infrastructure. Finally, you see another quarter of strong free cash flow generation. This cash flow not only supports our strong liquidity position, but also gives us opportunity to reinvest in the business and deploy capital to our shareholders. And Bill will give some more color on that later. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through our results for the quarter in more detail, and I will come back later to provide some insights on our outlook.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And I would like to make perhaps a couple more comments on what Bill just stated, and this is really something that I’m very excited and optimistic about. And that is the continued strength in our Utility facing markets, driven by the secular grid modernization growth. As the economy continues its transition away from fossil fuels and more things get plugged into the electrical grid, this creates the need for new solutions behind-the-meter, at the meter or at the grid edge and in front of the meter, and we have talked about this in our Investor Day. As a leader across the energy infrastructure, published uniquely positioned to solve these problems for our customers. Things like protecting the electrical critical infrastructure, enabling the transition to renewable energy, building a more efficient and connected grid and increasing the energy efficiency of buildings and homes. And we can do this through our products and solutions, but we are also committed to doing this as part of a manufacturer to our sustainability initiatives. We have set multiyear targets to reduce our water consumption and greenhouse gas emission, and we also refresh our sustainability website with new details on the initiatives we are undertaking and the expanded disclosures around their operation. I encourage you to visit our website and look forward to providing you some additional updates on our efforts as we go forward. Now let me turn to Page 11 for an update on our outlook. While the macroeconomic situation remains uncertain, we are confident in the level of execution we have demonstrated over the past several quarters. With increased visibility through the year-end, continued strength in our Power Systems business, improving market as well as the execution of cost, we are raising our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance from a range of 7.0 to 7.25 up to 7.45 to 7.60. From a volume standpoint, we expect the fourth quarter to continue to show improvements. We expect a similar theme, as we saw in the third quarter, with Electrical year-over-year volume declines moderating and our Utility markets holding up more resilient. Within Utility, we expect Power Systems to achieve another quarter of year-over-year growth, while declines at Aclara are expected to continue, but at moderating levels as projects get restarted. On margins, we continue to be bolstered by restructuring savings of about $25 million. Price cost has been a positive throughout 2020, but these benefits should start to pay going forward. We also expect the return of some operating expenses, which have run below normal levels throughout the pandemic, but we will continue to actively manage this trade-off relative to improving volumes. And finally, as previously disclosed, we had a discrete benefit in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to tariff exclusions, and this will create some distortion in this year’s fourth quarter margin compare. On cash, we expect to deliver approximately 550 million for the full year, representing double-digit growth of 2019, despite the declines in revenue and earnings. Let me also provide some comments as we look ahead into 2020. We will provide guidance when we release our fourth quarter results. But we are in the middle of our planning process right now, and we are anticipating a year of modest market growth in 2021. We expect our Utility facing end markets to remain solid, while our Electrical market should continue to show steady improvements into 2021. On margins, there will be a lot of puts and takes. But on net, we are planning for a year of modest margin expansion with our operational transformation actions continue to provide tailwinds. To summarize, we are very pleased with Hubbell’s performance and execution in the third quarter, delivering margin expansion, strong cash generation and essentially flat year-over-year earnings per share in what remains a challenging environment. We are raising our guidance for the balance of the year, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver differentiated performance for our shareholders over the near and long-term. This concludes our prepared remarks for the quarter, and maybe we can ask the operator to operate the line now for questions.
Gerben Bakker: Right. Good morning, Jeff, and yes, it is - I think you used to work caution. And that is still very much what we are seeing with our customers. If you think there has really two phases of activity again. One is resuming projects that were put on hold. And there is enormous pressure on Utility companies to resume. There has a lot of fixed cost that they have when they deploy these projects. And when you come to a stop like this, you don’t eliminate all those costs. So certainly, Utility customers that are in the middle of deployment, feel the pressure to restart those. So we are doing that right now. I would say we are doing it pretty successfully. But with a lot of precautions to make sure that, that certainly we don’t infect our own people and the people that will go into the homes. The second area is, if your Utility and you haven’t started the project yet, there is a tendency to not start for that same reason, right. Once you get started, there has a lot of costs that you are deploying and you want to make sure that you don’t get interrupted a month later. So that is where we are seeing a little bit of projects continuing to move to the right. The positive is that we are continuing to see the projects. We are continuing to quote on projects. Our backlog continues to be strong. So we believe that this is a move to the right as opposed to demand slowing. So as a result, we do see the fourth quarter improving, and we see 21% improving further.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think, Steve, there is two things. I think it is a difficult level to grow from. And so I think 2019’s level is much more the way to think of the right pace. So one of the factors that contribute to that is the fact that we have had some tailwind from the CARES Act and how payroll taxes were able to be deferred. So that switches next year from a tailwind to a headwind. And the balance is the relationship between as we ramp volume back up, the requirement to invest in working capital, most notably in inventory. And so the incumbent upon us to kind of manage those days -. But I don’t think of this year’s level as a good point to grow on. I think we will be growing off relative 2019 level.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe after that on the opposite side of that is our continued work on the footprint realignment and that should data provide tailwind for us into 2021.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So let’s talk about - you had a couple of pieces to that, Nigel. So price cost in the quarter was favorable. The order of magnitude is reasonable. You had kind of the two effects of we were getting price plus commodities were a tailwind, that is kind of a what happens, but it is an unusual arrangement. So that will be moderating, obviously, as we move forward. I think your point on steel and aluminum is exactly right. And I totally agree with your timing point that it is good to be able to have that come up at the end of the year, because a lot of - and particularly, a lot of the Power Systems is done on blankets, and that happens around this time of year. So you are reliant on doing that. I think, certainly, as tariffs rolled us in 2018, we learned a lot about how to have the pricing conversations with our customers. We learned how to share that information, make sure they understood where we were coming from. And importantly, we learned to ask and that you have to ask and I think we had a very be experience managing through that tariff. So I think we will apply all that learning. And note to your freight points, we typically do not get reimbursed for freight. Unless there are occasions inside of some storm business, for example, that would be rush than maybe a customer would pay. But typically, we do. And so it is interesting coming out of some of the disruptions, Nigel, of the second quarter, I think we found ourselves in the third quarter doing more expedited freight, having kind of inefficient mode usage. So maybe a little more in LTL rather than truckload, a little too much parcel, a little too much express because we are kind of coming out of the disruptive quarter and looking to keep customers service at adequate levels. So I think that as within freight, I think we are looking to kind of re-get that mode shift back to favorable mixes that will come out of a more normal supply chain smoothly running supply chain.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe just would add to that, Nigel, that independent perhaps a policy. There is definitely investment in these areas. And I would say almost neutral of what party is in charge. But we believe this business is really well positioned with secular growth trends in renewals with the upgrade and modernization of the grid so we are very optimistic about this area over the next few years, independent of policy.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. We have certainly seen through that period, strengthening. And I think that was one of the reasons why we narrowed our guidance range with more visibility, and we increased our guidance. So I would say some markets have been stronger than others in that. I think the industrial market, specifically the light industrial markets. We have seen some pretty nice rebounds over that period. The one that we continue to be most concerned about, even though we have seen sequential improvement as well is on the non-res side. So I don’t know that I would say that any have surprised or disappointed us in the quarter, but perhaps to a smaller magnitude, the granularity of how we look. But overall, we have definitely seen improvement. And the reason why not only the comments for the fourth quarter and the full-year, but early view for 2021. And I will just stay with that. There has still a lot of uncertainty in the next three months for us. We are really engaged with our teams, with our customers to fully understand what 2021 could bring. But at this point, we see slight growth for 2021.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think to the first point on penetration, I think we are at a very high level now. We are sort of, I think, in that 85-ish percent range of LED is sort of the new norm now, I would say. And in terms of how our supply chain is organized versus other lighting manufacturers, I don’t think there has really much advantage or disadvantaged to anybody vis-à-vis tariffs or any trade policy or by American type. I think we would all benefit if there has a push towards more energy-efficient buildings and more clean buildings and people spending more on components to make the space as we live and work in cleaner and more efficient. I think that would just lead to more component sales and retrofit work. But I don’t think any competitive advantage or disadvantage based on supply chain structure.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe just one other comment to add to that is, clearly, we are seeing the projects move to the right. There is a constraint in labor availability to put all this in. So I agree, like, Bill, there is definitely growth into next year. And there has a desire by utilities to continue to invest in this area. Limiting factor is how quickly can they put these systems on.
Gerben Bakker: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. That will conclude today’s call. Thank you, operator.
