Dave Nord: Rich I would say, it's just only April and you want '16 guidance, already, really pushing. But on the restructuring I understand and I would say that as we’re -- as the organization has been much more proactive in identifying, evaluating and stressing potential opportunities, I would say that there is more opportunities that we’re identifying and that would likely be could be a little bit more of this year although again I have got to remind our team that we got to make sure that whatever we decide to do we’re going to deliver the savings, and we can execute successfully.  But I think there are some things that we will certainly move into, if not start it by the end of this year, move into '16. And so the level of spending should not be higher than this year, but it would more likely than not be higher than our normal historical run rate. So there is a still little bit catch up going into the next year.
Dave Nord: I think that’s from my standpoint our best estimate from what we’re seeing and hearing. I mean certainly we’re cautious because there are some indicators you look at rig count down to 50% and that would drive a more dramatic impact. We have heard and we’re starting to hear a little bit about some pushups into '16, not in a large way but when you first hear about them there is a potential for more. And then not surprisingly as a result of the magnitude to get into little more pricing pressure out there. So I would say from the volume standpoint I feel pretty good about the 20 to 25, I think what remains to be seen is that the margin impact become greater. I think certainly that magnitude of volume change causes us at least another nickel of headwind at least and that’s assuming that there isn't a dramatic in pricing. So we’re very focused on that, but it's a little too early make a absolutely firm call as you know our business a lot of business is driven in the second quarter into the early in the third. So we are monitoring this closely and to extent we see something different and were also listening very carefully to what other people are experiencing as well. And as a long way to answer to hope you are getting through it I'm confident at this number today but we're monitoring it on a daily basis.
Dave Nord: Yes. I would say Chris your word linearity I think is a great word because I would love to have in it and we really don't try it, so for example I would say March started reasonably choppy and ended strong and so there is not a tonne of linearity within a month even that alone from month to month. And so there were interesting things in the quarter like businesses where we do a lot of grounding that are the weather sensitive stuff was a little softer than we had hoped and then as Dave said some of that other non-res was reasonably okay. So it's difficult to get to linearity and therefore your second question about April, were 21 shipping days -- sorry 15 I think shipping days into the months and there is nothing unusual in that pattern given that we've had ups and down. So the order pattern was in April I'd say is consistent with the way Dave was describing our outlook but it is not a nice smooth consistent linear set of data with which to make our forecast.
Dave Nord: Yes I would say -- no I think between those months you just saw choppiness within the months now you didn't see a big intra-quarter like backend loading our anything like that.
Dave Nord: No more on the -- I was talking more about the earning side in our profitability and the balance and profitability I think the seasonality of our volume in the third quarter is the point of caution because I expect that to be the same. And so much is dependent on that when I look at the full year outlook it clearly as dependent on the third quarter playing out as would be normal from a volume standpoint.
Dave Nord: I think that it'll be restructuring let's not take the timing of the cost first certainly we're getting more traction were initiating more actions and I would expect the second quarter to be at least that twice the level of the first quarter. Could be a little bit more but that it's around the executability and the action items. From a savings standpoint actually to the extent that they are staffing related actions in the first half, you'll start to see some of those benefits in the second half but on the facility side by comparison those benefits don't start to get realized until late in a year or early next year because it's more of the tail on that. So we're expecting that to currently looking for some min single-digit savings as we exit the year something in not that order magnitude curve.
Dave Nord: I think Mike what you are seeing is our used to that description that we think that we outperformed the end market a little bit. So you are right to point out that both C&I lighting and some of the non-res businesses grew higher than that end market outlook of the 6% that Dave described, but that’s what we think that was. So we’re not expecting market deceleration if that was your question.
Dave Nord: We think that end market is consistent with our 5% to 6% outlook. I don't think there is a lot of choppiness there.
Dave Nord: I think we need to see housing expansion continue and to get the construction to continue to the point where that all that last mile hookup is needed. I also think is got on the MRO side. So really that D is driven by MRO, and we need utilities to have some good financial quarters where they feel like they have got, because that MRO spend as you know comes out of their operating budget not their capital budget. And so we need them to feel comfortable spending on the operating side that’s based on the amount of revenue they can generate which would be helpful if they had some support from their local commissions on pricing and things like that. But it's I think they got some interesting challenges and fuel price changeovers and where they are putting their attention and their dollars right now. So there is a lot of competition for those dollars. But I agree with you it will be -- it should be in that nice normal GDP level typically. 
Bill Sperry: I would say Rich that the $100 million a year, I think is more likely the new-new than $76 million a quarter I would say. So I think a higher level of activity but this we sort of got an early I would describe it get an early jump on it this year rather than just spreading it equally throughout the quarters.
Bill Sperry: Brent I would say that the outlook that Dave described has kind of this U shape to it, right? Where the first quarter though down dramatically is not down as bad as we expect year and then it will hang down there I think for a while. And so the pricing the days where we’re seeing kind of the more normal pricing dynamic against that lower volume haven't happened yet. So I think that’s all still in front of us and to extent that competitive reaction is strong there. That’s still I think a little bit ahead of us. So what we’re describing in our outlook is still ahead of us not something that is based off of run rates that we’re experiencing right now.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say that in general that’s a reasonable assumption I think this batch is maybe going to take a couple of years to get to that point but your mindset is right that our expectation is to be able to take something and improve upon where it was and make it more like incremental to our fixed cost and therefore contribute that incremental accretive contribution.
