Maria Lee: Thanks, Shelby. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and the earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may includes statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And with that, I'll hand it over to Dave Nord.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Bill. Hubbell free cash flow was $299 million for full-year of 2017. The net income of $243 million included a $57 million charge related to U.S. tax reform, for which the cash will be paid over time. You can see the related increase tax liability is driving the change in the other line. Working capital with the use of cash of $29 million, the increase was driven by inventory build to support anticipated higher demand, and partially offset by stronger collection. CapEx increased as well, reflecting a heavy investment in automation. All in, free cash flow was 123% of net income, but recall that net income was burdened by the significant tax reform charge. If we adjust net income for the tax charge, conversion was approximately 100% on a normalized basis, consistent with our target and our expectations. On capital structure on page 13, we ended the year with $375 million of cash, the vast majority which was held outside of the U.S. We had $63 million of commercial paper outstanding and you can see our three tranches of long-term debt. You can also see the impact of the refinancing we completed in the third quarter when we replaced the 2018 notes with notes due in 2027 at a lower rate. Debt to cap is just under 40%, and we have ample liquidity with a $750 million credit facility back in our commercial paper. So, not much change year-over-year, although I should point out that once we close Aclara, the balance sheet will likely look different as we expect to add debt and use cash to fund the transaction. Let me turn it back over to Bill.
Maria Lee: Thanks everyone for joining us. Steve and I'll be available all day for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
William Sperry: So let's switch to our outlook for next year, and we'll start with a pie on page 14. That looks pretty similar to what we talked about in October with you all. And you'll see that 2% to 4% expected in electrical T&D, Gordon's growth rate was 6%, if there was a couple percent of storm contribution it was performing at the high-end of that, last year they probably had some share gains in that, so we feel that outlooks justified. The industrial improving to two to four, again we had experience in '17 that was favorable on the light side. So what really helped contribute to that would be a pick-up in recovery on the heavy side, which is margin-friendly to us. And you see on the oil and gas, we were performing high single-digits throughout '17, and so, those harder to beat compares, we've got three to five for the market outlook. The first quarter will be the easiest of the year, and then we'll have some harder comps in the backside. And the non-res, those markets are still growing, in the two-ish to 3% range to see there. So that results in 2% to 4% market outlook, and you see on page 15, we'd be adding approximately 15% through acquisition. A couple of points coming from wrap brad investments we made in '17 and about 13% if we get Aclara closed in the first quarter. So that would be to total net sales in the 15% to 20% range. We'll show you a picture on the next page, but diluted EPS of 610 to 650 on a reported basis, and 695 to 735 adjusted that will assume our first quarter Aclara closed, and it would exclude Aclara acquisition-related and transaction costs and the adjusted, but will include $0.20 restructuring and related. And as Maria just went through the cash flow, expect that to equal net income. So let's take a minute on page 16, and hopefully this picture is clear, as Dave said, quite a few moving pieces adding some complication here. So, essentially we're trying to do several things here. First to show you that restructuring expense included, surrounded in the 593 of adjusted EPS as a starting point you will see the 564 burdened with $0.29 of restructuring related. And then, we're trying to show three basic effects; one is operations which is the first green bar. The second of tax reform, which is the second green bar; and then the net effect of the potential Aclara acquisition, which you see flowing out through the rest. So, what you essentially see is the operations having that 2% to 4% market growth, there's a lift from restructuring and related spending less and saving from what we spent in '17. We do anticipate headwinds from material costs and net of price. As we said, our fourth quarter saw a big effect of that notably from steel and copper and aluminum. And that productivity better than cost increases. On top of that, we benefit from tax reform. We are anticipating a range of 24% to 26% effective tax rate next year. This year is modeled at 25% and the middle of that range; lot of questions about why 25 and not 21, and really the biggest driver is the states being added to that, and getting that the total effective tax rate up towards the mid 20s. And you'll see, we've added some investment that Dave made reference to, that we anticipate investing back in our employees in a number of ways to help with their training and their ability to save for retirement and a few other areas. So that would result in a 645, 685 base Hubbell business prior to Aclara. As we proceed and expect to close on Aclara in the first quarter, we would incur some more transaction costs; we already had some in the fourth quarter. Then we would anticipating that the reported results for that period that they contribute to '18, to have a dilution effect to get the reported expectations for 2018 in the 610 to 650 range. And then, if we were to add back those transaction costs, as well as the non-cash acquisition-related amortization, you see we get up to the 695 to 735 range. And again, that number would include $0.20 of restructuring and related. So I know that's a lot more moving pieces than we typically have, but we hope that picture is clear of what we've included. And I turn it back to Dave for some year-end comments.
William Sperry: Chris, I would say that when you deconstruct our power business, the distribution piece is larger than the transmission. The distribution tends to be driven more by MRO and lives off the installed base. That tends to have a GDP-type growth rate, and is driven a lot by operating expense factors. I think what we saw this year was an increase in CapEx by IOUs, and that has both distribution and transmission affects. I also think we saw a decent amount of business from renewables, particularly on the wind side that required connectivity via transmission construction to the population centers. And so it feels to us like that two to four is a sustainable growth rate for Power, and that they had an above average year here in terms of drivers pushing that volume through.
William Sperry: Yes, so it assumes Aclara in the first quarter. And in terms of Electrical it's really mostly in Power. So Dave mentioned the monitoring-measuring small acquisition we did in Power. And so there's very little that wraps around in Electrical. The iDevices volume that's left behind will be recognized in Electrical, but it's mostly power.
William Sperry: Yes. Rich, it's growing towards the high single digits. And again, I think as we shared with you just after Christmas, there's a decent amount of visibility on their projects and their pipeline. And it's performing roughly in line with Hubbell averages on an OP basis before all the acquisition-related accounting.
William Sperry: Yes, it's a function really of Power's income statement has a lower gross margin and a much lower S&A to get to a high OP level. And because of that lower gross margin they just have a higher sensitivity to material costs, Rich. So both sides of our house are feeling it. The commodities that are getting us are copper, and steel, and aluminum, including resins as well as oil prices back up here. And as Dave said, I think these are good news things. It's a sign that demand in the industrial economy is up, which is good for us. But it just creates this challenge of having to manage with price. And so Power just has a little bit more intensity to it because of its gross margin profile.
William Sperry: Yes, I think that they're going to be rolling out price increases, as Dave said. The expectation from the customer base I think is that they're coming, and they'll roll them out on a staggered schedule. I think the power guys tend to have more of a blanket business and quoting system, that around this time of the year you start to re-price things that go into the maintenance and repair business rather than the project stuff. And so it's till too early. So I think Dave's described an environment where I think the manufacturers are in the position of asking, and that takes a while to settle out and see what sticks, see what competitive responses. And that usually takes a couple of quarters for us to get a good beat on. And so we're at a point where we have to ask and yet it's too early for us to tell you what the impact of that will be.
William Sperry: Yes, I mean Q4 from a sales perspective really was seasonally pretty typical for us in terms of what it contributed to the year. So I think the affect that's rolling into Q1 most profoundly is this price cost. Because it's too early for any price impact to offset, and yet you can really see the affect of what we're paying for our commodity. So I think there's a nice market volume tailwind, but a cost headwind from materials as we roll into Q1. I hope as you saw, Rich, that we'll be hosting an investor day, and I think we can spend more time on those effects in early March there when we're together.
William Sperry: Yes, so what you can see, it is that as you add back the costs you're getting towards the ballpark of the high $0.60 of acquisition-related accounting. And what's embedded in that is kind of what will be a run rate for 10 years or so. But there's a, in the first two quarters, there is a much front-end loading in the form of backlog and inventory write-ups, and so it's higher in year one that will be going out in future years as a result of that.
William Sperry: Yes, I think that's a good interpretation. I guess the charts are a little busy as it is to break out that business. But I think you're also right that the pricing we expect to moderate next year, and as Dave was highlighting, their costs have improved, and so it's a much more stable operation executing much better to plan. So it's basically embedded in exactly as you said.
William Sperry: Yes, let's separate, Josh, oil from gas in your question. So, on the oil side I agree that where our dollars are really driven is deepwater platforms. And I agree with your assessment that rig count doesn't feel like it's going up anytime soon. The onshore rig count is up dramatically, let's say, 75%, but the content for us of those is much, much smaller. So you need a lot of those to get double-digit growth rates. Dave mentioned some of the diversification where we might have been more heavily dependant on oil, trying to get into industries like food processing, and chemical plants, and distilleries, and the like, to try to diversify that just a little bit. But I'd say that given the oil price backdrop it has a constructive tone, which is I think what you're asking. On the gas side, I think that there's some quite robust spending that's driven a little bit more by regulatory need and ageing need to get the infrastructure upgraded, so not so much dependant on a commodity price or on exploration. We're obviously downstream on the distribution side there. And so that feels, and to your point, you have seen lead times on orders lengthen there. So it's a business that's growing and we feel has the pieces underlying that are constructive and positive.
William Sperry: I think you've got the question of how much cash can be brought back from overseas that will help us de-lever, and I would hate to say that we are out of the acquisition market. I think we're going to be in '18 much more opportunistic and picky about it, and try to get our big deal on board and closed and integrated and start working down the depth that we brought. But I would say we are designing ourselves to have flexibility, you know, so that we are not closed out.
William Sperry: Yes, the IOU CapEx was a positive cycle in '17. It was clearly construction going on, and I think we saw certain regions, may be the Western region was pretty active. We saw renewables contributing as they needed to be connected, and the power collected there transmitted to the population centers. So, the T side had a very positive year in '17.
William Sperry: Yes, I think we are going to need to wait till Investor Day, and not just on the balance sheet, but to extent we do get it closed, you know, we'd hopefully have some of the management team there and some of the product for you to see, and that could be a real showcase for us there, so we can educate everybody on who they are and what they are.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Yes, so before we wrap up here, let me just try and first close out 2017. Certainly, I like -- this time of the year I like to look back at how we view 2017, when we were looking ahead a year ago. And many of you recall that we were optimistic about the market, but there was some big uncertainty there. One was what's going to happen with trade, what's going to happen with tax policy? You can look back at some of my notes, and the calculations we were doing about border taxes and the implication of that, and what that was going to mean. So I think there was a lot of positives and negatives there. I think we navigated the year. Not having those issues, you know, in any great degree, and fortunately ending with some very positive tax reform that certainly helps us as a U.S. domestic company to be more competitive. I think we had unfortunate circumstances early in the year with the performance of our lighting business and some execution issues that forced us to really hunker down and focused on the execution, and I think the team there has done a great job of recovering. The markets have been supportive, and we've been able to -- most of the businesses actually outperform our expectations that we had going into the year. And we've been able to re-deploy some of that outperformance in investing in the future, investing in technology when you think about our iDevice capability and continuing to acquire other businesses, expanding in the gas business in particular, as well as in our core power business. So I think all very positive things to navigate the year, and I think all in all, a very successful year. I think some of the things that we as we finish the year, we feel very good about going into 2018, certainly as we talk the benefit of tax reform, the benefit of our ongoing restructuring actions, and the opportunity that the Aclara acquisition is going to provide for us. And so, I think all are very positive. Certainly not without challenges and with some risks, I mean, I think the -- well, tax is a positive, there's still uncertainty as some of the tax guidance gets interpreted, and so that's probably going to move around a bit. I think we have the good news bad story of a stronger economy is commodity price pressures. We've seen some of that manifest itself in power business in particular. Gordon has talked about that for a couple of years, and I know somebody had given him a hard time that he's talked about it for a couple years as well. He's finally right. And so now we've got to really fight for price, which is normally a fairly easy thing to do; it's never easy, but it's fairly easy, everyone understands combining these we were just out with. A few of our major distributors and the question that they had is not whether it's -- it's when and how much is our price increase is going to be in commodities. So that's expected. I think one of the nuances that -- there is a lot of things still developing under tax reform, and I think the risk development, we've heard it from some markets, some customers, that "Jeez, with lower tax rates are we going to end up with lower prices." So I think we have to be prepared for some givebacks at the same time that we're trying to recover costs. So that's going to put -- that's always an important dynamic in our margin story. The other is our ongoing productivity actions and our investment in restructuring. We've made major investment, but we've talked about the need to continue to do that. We've included that in our guidance, and we said that we would include that, not adjust for it going forward. Because we really believe that our reported results are the ultimate measure, unless you're throwing a curve like tax reform. And so that is really from my standpoint and from the team's standpoint focused on bottom-line results, what are we delivering in those results. Obviously Aclara provides -- has some big dynamics moving around, so we want to make sure that we're steering some of that dynamic. But I really want to look at the reported results. And when you look at even those reported results on a comparable basis, great improvement. We start to see the benefit of our investment in productivity. And we're going to continue to do that. In fact, we just recently, just this week, we added to our senior team with a new VP of Global Operations coming to us. Susan Hubert comes to us with great experience in a broad range of multinationals, very successful track record, because we need to continue to focus on productivity to help offset cost inflation, commodity pricing continued to improve our margins. So, all in all, a lot going on, a lot of positives going on, a lot of hard work, and I think that the team is excited because I think we're well-positioned to take advantage of some really, what should be, good markets going forward. Okay, so with that, let me wrap up and turn it over for some Q&A.
David Nord: Well, Chris, we're assuming middle of February just for simplicity. I think the contract called for -- contemplated that we would close by February 20th. That's not a hard and fast date, but that was just the target date and somewhere between that. So then we're just -- we're using a February 15th for at least our guidance purposes.
David Nord: I think that -- I mean there's nothing enlightening there. It's pretty spotty. I think the outlooks for Lighting and demand are pretty muted. So -- and I think we've come a long way from the go-go days of double-digit growth expectations. And I think now it's a case of navigating relatively flat markets, and trying to navigate a tougher pricing environment. We are clearly focused on making sure that we're participating in the markets that make sense for us. That's always been our strategy to focus on the more specified products where you can have a better capability of holding and commanding a price that makes our profit profile scream. So there's a lot of questions out there, but we think at least our business has stabilized, and we think where we see the market has stabilized. And that's our plan for the year.
David Nord: Yes, I think we wanted to build the logic of the flow of the page was to build the core business plus tax. Those were really the most -- we know those are going to happen. And then Aclara, being still conditional on close, and I think it felt like being able to tell you all what the impacts of the acquisition-related accounting expenses were was pretty important given the size of it. But I think we feel like the typical level of acquisition that we do, the 30s, 40s, and 50s as part of our base. That amortization gets paid for in the base.
David Nord: Yes, they actually have two different concepts. One is a pipeline which is opportunities out of which you would like to win your fair share. But as soon as they get down to backlog those are situations that in their history become revenues. And there the only question tends to be does it slide by a quarter or two, and so you can sometimes get a year affect. But those become projects that they work on. So that billion-ish was really a couple of years' worth of revenues in the backlog.
David Nord: Yes, we haven't broken it out at that level. But of the add-back, there's the expenses related to the transaction which is roughly half of the $0.35 of the red bar. And then the balance is the acquisition-related stuff, Steve. And so you're right that that is higher in year one specifically based on the inventory write-ups and the backlog write-ups, as opposed to what it will be for, let's just say, the next 10 years. But we haven't distinguished those two numbers yet.
David Nord: Right. No, I understand. I mean our basis is guiding on reported results and providing some of the adjustments that are influencing that. But those are always subject to interpretation, and this is unusual, and it's early on, so.
David Nord: I would say that it's being considered, but for now it should be viewed as a one-time callout just because of the significance of it.
David Nord: Yes, I'd say certainly for the first-half of the year, Josh, we're going to be grappling, that's a nice word. And we'll have to see how pricing shapes up. But it's pretty clear from fourth quarter we've got another couple of quarters of dealing with that I think.
David Nord: No, I mean the volume ex acquisition was 6% for the year. And there's a couple of points of storm in there. So we would say it performed at 4% for '17, obviously the high end of the guide that we gave you. And we would feel like there was some share and outperformance in '17. And so you'd have to repeat that, I think, to get to the 4% again. So it's actually not -- I know given some of the storm and acquisition activity it maybe looks like a decel, but it's not actually from an operating perspective.
