Maria Lee: Thanks, Emily. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I am joined today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Cash flow in the quarter was solid. We had $2 million more of income and that translated into $2 million more of free cash flow. We have better working capital or lower increase versus last year with lower inventory days year-over-year and favorable collections. So at 78% of net income, we are on track to meet our full year 2017 target of free cash flow of equal to net income. On the next page, Page 10, looking at our capital structure, we ended the quarter with about $380 million of cash and as is typical for us, most of it is international, over 90%. We had no commercial paper outstanding at quarter end, but we borrowed in April for the acquisitions that we were – that we are just talking about in C&I devices. So, we do currently have some CP outstanding. Our net debt-to-total cap is about 20%, 21%. And overall, as you can see here, it’s a healthy balance sheet and capable of supporting our acquisition strategy and our capital deployment objectives. I will hand it back to Bill for the outlook.
Maria Lee: I think very modestly. I think it’s probably at about a flat level throughout the year, a little maybe worse in the first quarter at the 2% to a little bit over 2%, 2%, 3%, as we exited the year at 3%, but it will probably be relatively even at 2% I think throughout the year.
Maria Lee: So the heavy is not the mining business. There is a little bit of mining in the O&G piece actually, that’s sort of more broadly extractive industries. But the heavy industrial is where for example, we will sell crane controls to a steel manufacturer, so that’s why the commodity for – the demand for commodities drives a lot of that to market health. But the size of that, so if the industrial bucket is about 20%, I think what we call core industrial is about 60% of that. And then of that, the heavy is about I think maybe about 40%, 40% of the 60% – of the 20%, yes. It’s a smaller component, but it is a higher margin business, so starting to see that come back is a good thing.
Maria Lee: So if we are looking at price and material costs outside of the productivity and cost increases, for overall Hubbell, it was about 1 point, actually just over 1 point.
Dave Nord: Well, let me give you a couple of comments before we open it up to questions. And I think Bill has gone through the details. He has told you a little bit about our guidance. I think the important thing from our stand, there is a couple of things. First, the good news is the markets finally seemed to be improving. I think we are still a little – we are going to be a little bit cautious there as I think most people are, because we’ve seen the divergence recently between the optimism index and some of the underlying data. And so it’s great that the bias is toward optimism, but it has to be realized certainly. And for us, one of real challenges and that we have to work on everyday is that particularly within a short cycle business, being – not being too conservative, because you have challenge then and reacting to the market if it’s that much better. So we are monitoring it on a daily basis and we don’t always get it right, but we are – there is some businesses like the harsh and hazardous business that we were going to place some bets on and make sure that we are building ahead there. So, we can be responsive, if the some of the markets that we serve there snapback. So I think that’s pretty good, the industrial markets, the strengthening commodities are certainly helping the industrial markets. And the electrical T&D as well as telecoms have some favorable prospects. So I would like the positive bias and I – if not for the challenges within the Lighting restructuring actions largely, we would certainly be on track to be achieving our neutral outlook and I would hope that we – the markets will be supportive of that and we’ll execute against that and we’ll be improving on the Lighting side. And the acquisition strategy continues to be an important contributor to our growth. So far, in this year, we have completed acquisitions that better position us for further expansion geographically, penetration into verticals of telecom and gas distribution, and importantly, acceleration of our capability around IoT technology design and development. So all that gives me confidence that there is a lot of potential for the year, but we have got a lot of work to do to realize that potential and that’s what we are focused on everyday. And I, for one, who focused keenly on the lighting business, because it can perform and it will perform and we know what needs to get done. It’s a challenging market. Other participants have shared the challenge in both demand and pricing and that’s why we are taking the actions that we have been taking and we are just going to work that much harder on our execution to get that level of performance. So, look forward to your questions, look forward to a good year. Let me open it up to questions.
Dave Nord: Nigel, let me just add. I mean, this is something – we have – you all have asked a lot of questions over the last year or two about our approach to the Internet and IT capabilities and we have shared some of the things that we are doing. Clearly, if I were sitting here in your chair, I would perceive that you are probably not going fast enough, but we were trying to build the capability in the normal course. And but recognize that, that may not work and if an opportunity presented itself in a manageable size, but as well as with the right capability, we would do something that’s different than our normal manufacturing plant bolt-on deal. And so this is a business that I have been following for a little while and I will tell you that we are – I feel really good about it. We are fortunate to have them join the team, because in meeting with them regularly, I can assure you that there were quite a few industry participants both in our space as well as space outside of our space, not just Lighting, not just Electrical, but others that viewed the capability that they had and the reputation that they had in the marketplace as very positive. And they found we were fortunate, because they found in us something that many of our other acquisition profiles have found in a good match that culturally, our strategy, how they would fit, how they would be able to advance their strategy as well as our strategy in a much bigger way. So I am – yes, the downside about it is that it comes with a cost, but this was a cost that, over time, we are going to have to incur anyhow as we added that capability so what we have done is accelerate that cost into this year that we can build on, so.
Dave Nord: Again, Q2 could be a little bit more, just as some of the costs to really accelerate because the important thing on Lighting is getting our deliveries and our service levels to acceptable levels as quickly as possible because even when we do that, it takes time for the market to accept and trust those delivery levels. So there is an urgency that the team is working on and I have given them the authority to have to invest a little more in the near-term to get that. So it could be a little bit heavier in the second quarter.
Dave Nord: Yes. No, well, I mean I think in Lighting, I think that I don’t see that Lighting was better than the NEMA data, maybe slightly better. I think NEMA at one point was forecasting down 3 in the quarter and as we exited the year, so our down 1 is – I guess, you could argue, I put both of those in sort of the same category. But hey listen, I will take minus 1 versus minus 3 that’s not dismissing that. And I think that the outlook is still flat to slightly negative from a NEMA standpoint. And I think the question is, is that reliable, we are not sure that that’s reliable yet and that’s a little bit what arguably we might have gotten a little caught on is anticipating more down and at least from our standpoint, the demand was a little bit better. And I think that I don’t know that that’s reflective of the market. We are in the 1, 2 point range, but if it’s a little better, it puts a lot of pressure on us to perform and I think that’s one of the contributing factors to our efficiencies or lack thereof in some of the product moves. We are putting new product into a new plant or an existing plant, while you are trying to meet a little higher demand profile. And that caused a bit of an issue. So we are still anticipating that it will be flat to slightly up from a NEMA standpoint and you see that in the res and non-res, but we are monitoring it.
Dave Nord: Okay. Certainly, that power system has demonstrated productivities in their DNA. And so they have taken the action. They have made investments. They continue to make investments and I expect that they will continue to drive productivity, although the bar gets higher every year and it gets more challenging when they keep trying to deliver the same amount, but there is still opportunity there that they are working everyday. So I expect the productivity to continue. But I think the issue that they all faces on the material cost and pricing side of the equation that they keep expecting and they see a little of price pressure. But there is with material commodity cost increases, that’s going to put a little bit of pressure on them.
Dave Nord: That’s certainly how we are looking at it Chris. But you know the participants better than us and as we have said in the past, we are not a price leader, we are a price follower. And I think there is a lot of – that’s one thing we are paying a lot of attention to, because I think there is it continues to be a lot of competition trying to capture more share, particularly when you see the market that was growing and everyone expected to keep growing at double digits. It slows and flattens. There is people who were trying to maintain that growth profile and it’s more difficult without capturing share and it’s difficult to capture share without pricing. So that’s something that we will follow closely. But we think we are – that’s why we are so keen on the aggressive actions that we are taking as painful as they are and as challenging as they are to execute to make sure that we are not behind on that. We are and we will at least be trying to stay up with the market, so.
Dave Nord: Yes. So LED for us – is at the kind of two-thirds adoption rate for us volume wise on the C&I side. So it’s become a pretty predominant – it’s like the standard, it’s the new standard, obviously.
Dave Nord: Well, we compete with the luminaire manufacturers, right, who are making LED fixtures and not any of the components.
Dave Nord: We don’t believe on the luminaire side that that would be the case. On the components side, that could be happening in certain places that where we would be potentially the beneficiary of some price competition there because we would be downstream of that.
Dave Nord: Okay, great. Well, I appreciate everybody joining today. And obviously, Maria and Steve Beers will be around this afternoon for any follow-up questions. And over the course of the next month, we will be out with you all at various events including Light Fair in a couple of weeks. You will get to meet some of the iDevice folks who will be there. And then I will see you all at EPG and we could provide more of an update on progress at Lighting as well as more insights on to iDevices and some of the other strategic issues that we are contemplating. So, thanks again for your time and we will talk to you soon.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Nigel. So, iDevices has a suite of products that are wiring devices with resi applications, with apps and fully comparable with the three dominant resi ecosystems. So, it’s an acquisition in the sense that there are products, there is revenue and there is profit that comes from it. And yet those are immaterial in size relative to our guidance. So essentially, we are taking on approximately 30 software engineers and app developers and essentially investing in them as they develop applications for across our resi products and then across our C&I products. So, it’s like a quick step investment in R&D, but technically, it’s an acquisition, because there is a standing entity there. So from a multiple perspective, you are right, it doesn’t really work as an EBITDA multiple. We are viewing it as investing and making $3.5 billion of products smarter as we go forward, which we think will generate new revenues and make our products differentiated. So we are pretty excited about that and it’s fun to spend time with those folks. Dave kind of made some reference to that, but these developers they want to change the world. They want to make products that change people’s lives. And they are pretty excited about looking at the breadth of our product line and their ability to add smartness across that. And at the same time, we have got – we feel really good about what they bring to the table for us.
Bill Sperry: So the math of that, Nigel, of the $0.10, you should think of a few of those as being driven by acquisition accounting and $0.07 or so coming from R&D spending, if you will.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think we will talk about that as things progress, but we are viewing it as being accretive in the reasonably – reasonable timeframe.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So the price is about what we thought, still a couple of points. And so that part is still intact. So the pressure is coming from the general productivity that’s being challenged as Dave had described.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I do Chris. And I was just making reference to their headcount and they have been controlling costs hard last year. And at some point, there is a value creating growth that comes from new heads in the form of engineers and sales force and things like that to help grow the business. And so I was just trying to highlight, there is a balance between harvesting and maximizing short-term margin versus maximizing the long-term profit.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So not beyond the non-res outlook, I think Dave was describing accurately the NEMA shape, which had low kind of first half and improving second half and so I don’t think we would expect to see outsized orders at this point in the area.
Bill Sperry: I think it squeezes into retrofit and I don’t know that we have misjudged it. We may just have gotten a little bit ahead of it. The retrofit became a really big part of the volume. And I think so maybe some of that spending has been proven hard to lap, maybe some of the incentives were stronger, but I am not sure that we have misjudged it, Jeff. I don’t think that thinking about a large installed base of 30-year-old C&I Lighting and that there is a value proposition to retrofit that. I still think that pieces holds. But I think clearly, that’s where the disappointing volume is coming out of that retrofit side, not out of the construction side.
Bill Sperry: Resi grew a little bit in the quarter and we are expecting it to grow. And so I don’t think it had a big impact Jeff, but it’s important that we get that realigned so that we can service our customers at the level that they expect.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that’s a hard question for us to answer. I think what we have quantified is all cost. It’s in the nature of expedited shipping, right. As you were standing up a new distribution center, you are touching things a few times, you are fulfilling one order with multiples and so there is cost associated with that to the extent of that customer service is not at it at what you would like because that caused you to lose a little business, I think is a hard question for us to answer.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Generally on price, if you are talking about all of Hubbell, we have actually done quite a lot on steel facing and copper, but intense businesses, in Electrical, we have actually pulled price pretty aggressively and I think competition has followed those moves and those appear to be I think working their way through the market. But I think you were asking specifically about Power and they have not been pulling price. And I think as commodity inflation persists here, we are going to have to get the timing of when to ask for some of that back. We are going to have to get that. But for now, I think they were writing a little bit of commodity tailwind for a bit and so I think it shifts a little bit too early for the Power guys.
Bill Sperry: It’s also swinging a lot, right. I mean it was coming down double digits to flat. Those are big swings on that 40%.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think absent kind of cutting our guidance to quarterly, I think the change from the way everybody has been thinking of it, the way we have been thinking of it is if you added or took away a nickel for Lighting in the $0.04 range for iDevice dilution, I think those – that’s the deviation from our...
