David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Yes, let me just provide a couple of comments on the outlook and then I know you guys want to have some questions. First, on the top line, as Bill said, we're looking at 4% to 6% sales growth with 3 points of that coming from acquisitions. The acquisition pipeline has been good, our closings have been good. There's still more in the pipeline, but you can never guarantee that you can get them to closure. But I would think that we would have, likely, at least one, potentially, more in the second half of the year, our typical size range. The outlook on volume becomes more difficult to predict as our business has migrated a little bit more to stock business from the large project business, as well as some of what has historically been a very stable predictable market on the utility side to being much more volatile. So that's added some challenges but I'm --we feel good right now from what we've seen with our 4% to 6%, while we historically have been conservative, or been viewed as being conservative, I wouldn't say we're changing that, but I would say that we have a lot more. We don't want of the unduly conservative, but this is a good outlook for us, as of today. Our margins, 30 basis point improvement, that's down from our prior guidance and really just because of the impact of the acquisitions coming in, and certainly the impact in the early periods of those acquisitions. A lot of that, to date, has been due to some of the favorable price cost and other productivity gains. I think we'll get a little bit more from productivity and, of course, when we get some of the facility closing costs behind us, that helps. But I think there's also an element of easier compares, in some cases, particularly on the volume side in the second half. Because of the uncertainty around our volume assumptions, we're even more focused on our cost management and planning around that, if the market softens unexpectedly and we'll deal with that. We also have some of the businesses that are recovering, like our high voltage business, as you know, is a very large project-oriented business and that can make the timing of the some of those projects and deliveries much more volatile. So we feel good about the second half. I can't give you, with precision, a third and fourth quarter bias. You know that we have a general strength in the third quarter due to construction, historically. But I think if you go back over the last year or 2, unfortunately, some of those historical patterns have been more volatile, with some of the dynamics in particular end markets. So all in all, we feel good about the second half forecast. But it's a weekly, monthly and quarterly challenge to navigate through that. So far, this month, we're about halfway through the month of July, I think our orders are okay. They're not supporting a big uptick in the third quarter. We're watching them closely, certainly the early part of the month is tough to draw any conclusions on because of holiday schedules and vacation schedules. But so far, we're okay committing to the range of guidance that we have. So with that, let me turn it over to Jim, and get into some Q&A.
David G. Nord: I would say we're moving along peak levels, from our side. I mean, we clearly see a big drop-off in quoting activity, which is the first indicator. And I think that's what most of the forecast had suggested, that somewhere the investment was going to peak somewhere around '13. Remember that's calculated when it's put in service and some of our stuff happens before that. So I think you're going to see that. Our belief is that, that's going to start to turn down. It's still at high levels but it's not a growth engine for us, by any means.
David G. Nord: Yes, Ryan. I think that the high voltage is unique for us and that we tend not to rely on forecasting data to tell us what it can do. Tends to have a long lead time so we use our backlog. And so it does give us a higher degree of confidence in describing that turnaround. And I think, we -- in terms of order of magnitude, I would expect that the second half growth will largely offset the first half decline. So for the year, we'd have a reasonably flat high volt business.
David G. Nord: I don't think there's any particular business. It's really more broad-based and what I'm referring to is just an increase in our cost discipline and our spending discipline. No radical impacts right now. But certainly, as I said, to the extent that the markets weakened dramatically, and we're surprised by that, we would be working toward looking at other actions that would occur. But nothing major at this point that's outside of what has been a continual process for us in our facility rationalization, in our productivity, in our hiring process. So I hope that helps.
David G. Nord: The transmission piece is -- you'd have to break that up into the 2 components, Noelle. I think the maintenance and repair side of transmission would have a more regular and typical order pattern and shipping that would be a little bit more book-to-bill. The longer lead time is the large project and that could be -- you can be building up orders, releases could be 3 months, 6 months, could be a year even.
David G. Nord: Yes, we would agree that the project activity that does exist in North America happens to be in Canada. Our market share there, Noelle, has not been as good as our overall market share. The market's been a little bit more price competitive. There's some international competitors there. So we'll have to see how that market evolves. But I agree with what you're saying that the activity has been north of the border.
David G. Nord: Okay, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Certainly, if anyone has any follow-up questions, they can feel free to give me a call. And thank you, again, for joining us this morning.
William R. Sperry: Yes, CMC is going to add about one point to the second half of the year. And as Dave was describing, kind of nice typical Hubbell-sized deal and the lighting one was a little smaller..
William R. Sperry: We've got a little bit, Chris, that'll finish off in the third, but quite small. And we haven't been explicit about the paybacks, but what when we're talking about closing facilities and moving that volume into existing footprint, and those projects are very attractive return-wise.
William R. Sperry: Yes, we still don't see, Rich, any impact, certainly not in this quarter, and we're not anticipating any this year. I'm hoping to be able to describe some next year. But for now, we just don't see the impact of that although your logic is dead-on, that once we start to outgrow the installed infrastructure with some of these housing construction, it's going to drive the need for some last-mile construction which will be very beneficial for our distribution business.
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think, Ryan, to give a little flavor on -- we really haven't been doing much share repurchase. This quarter, we only bought $7 million [ph] worth of shares. We continue to kind of have an objective of offsetting creep that might come from an option exercise. And so acquisitions continue to be a big area of focus. Dave was describing some of the recent activity and deals can get lumpy. Sometimes it's helpful to widen the lens a little bit, and if I were to look at the last 8 quarters to give kind of a 2-year view, we've acquired 9 companies, investing $222 million. If you kind of try to cut that in half and said an average years of activity, right now is about 4.5 deals, adding over 3 points of sales, that's a good snapshot, I think, of how we're doing on the deal front. And that represents a ramp-up over the last 3 years, as Dave mentioned. Hopefully, no slacking on that in the future. So between the 2, we continue to have our focus on acquisitions, Ryan.
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we actually had some contraction in our international power business as well, consistent with the platform as a whole. That's largely for us down in South America. And so consistent trend there versus here actually.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Mike. The activity has been improving as well. The customers, to remind everybody, customers for high volt are really, for us, the test equipment goes into 2 places. One is it goes to OEMs who are making transformers, and the other is utilities who are testing their grids and their networks. I think we -- the trends have been transformer manufacturing globally are running pretty mixed around. There's some people moving capacity to low cost countries, others adding capacity, others shrinking. So kind of an interesting mixed picture there. Utility customer side, I think, showing us a little more consistent activity, Mike.
William R. Sperry: Yes. We really haven't seen it yet. So we can't really speak to anything specific that changes that and so we've retained our outlook where it was.
