David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So what's this all mean for the rest of the year? I guess, first on the top line, we're expecting our top line to finish the year up 5% to 6%, although are currently tracking more toward the low end of that range. But as most of you who've been following us for some time, the fourth quarter has a higher level of volatility in the sales result than you would expect for, particularly with a couple of months to go. There's a number of dynamics that occur and makes it -- what make it so difficult to have a level of precision that we would like in that outlook. Now things like channel buyer habits, based on their own inventory, stocking, destocking. You don't know until really the month of December. As well in the project business, there's always the potential of project pushouts. So more volatility there than we'd like, but we think we've got a good perspective right now. From a margin perspective, some of the things we've discussed that impacted us in the third quarter, quite honestly, continue into the fourth quarter. The mix issue that we see, the impact from high voltage and the Harsh & Hazardous continues into the fourth quarter for sure. Cost in excess of price, I mean the pricing environment, we saw some tougher pricing in the third quarter and we don't expect that to change certainly in the fourth quarter. So we're focused more on the cost side of the equation. The combination of those 2, about 60 basis points. And then the above -- the variability in volume comes in that higher margin project for international business, so that can be a swing in margin, but right now we're navigating to how we think it things will play. And then, of course, we've got costs associated with some of these cost-reduction actions that we referred to, and we currently think that'll be $5 million to $6 million of cost in the quarter. I think we've also -- we'll still see some higher-than-normal cost in that full year from the warranty and related costs. Certainly, going forward, we would expect that to come back down. It wouldn't be at the same level because we're not expecting the product specific and brand specific, but that's still going to impact us for this year. And then, a tax rate, staying at approximately 33%. There's no assumption of R&D reenactment or any other year-end adjustments contemplated in that guidance. Okay? So let me turn now to next year. Certainly, we'd love to, and I'm sure you would love us to give you a lot more clarity into next year. But we've got our challenges just navigating through the rest of this year. And we wouldn't typically be providing that guidance because it is too early. But I do want to just give some perspective of how we're seeing things right now. I think if you look at the third party forecast of all of our end markets, they're at worst flat to slight growth to mid-single digits to high single digits. All in all, could provide 3% to 4% of growth, and that's what we're looking at, and we're planning for. Of course, there's always the market uncertainty, and so we plan for things to be lower. That growth, from a margin standpoint, we would certainly expect that higher organic volumes is going to give us some incremental margins. But that growth will also come likely, particularly if we look at the business portion of our portfolio, and that's in the nonresidential market. But that would be at margins that are not quite at the level of some of our really high margin performing businesses that could have slower growth to flat growth. And then we have more cost actions. We're taking actions this year, but we have more on the board for next year. And I'm expecting that those cost actions, in total, will exceed the amount that we did this year, so we'll have some incremental. But as is our practice, when we ultimately provide guidance, it will be with all things considered and all things in. So I'd like to tell you more. We're working diligently through our planning process, contemplating all the things that we've -- had painful learnings in the third quarter we're working through in the fourth quarter, and we'll be working on and improving next year. We'll give you a lot more detail on that in January on the call. Okay? With that, I'm sure you have lots of questions. So let me turn it back to Jim, and if you want to moderate the Q&A.
David G. Nord: That's a very interesting question, Chris. I mean, one of the challenges in that business is, there is no normal. What we found is that it's either really good or it's not really good, by our standard. When it's great, when it's roaring, great margins, you love it. When things slow down, it's one of those high capital-intensive apparatus-type businesses that have a high breakeven point. So the decrementals, when things slow, are much more painful than the incrementals on the upside. So I think next year, we think it will be a little bit better, but I'm very cautious about that. But -- and certainly, a little bit better in profitability. But you'll understand if I'm unduly cautious on that business based on what we've experienced this year.
David G. Nord: Yes, I think, Rich, I mean, let's talk about that inventory, it's just as an example of the process that we're going through here. I mean, when those things come up, certainly, you would expect that. And we're all over it from a root cause analysis and figure out what's driving, whatever higher-than-normal costs are even if they may not be significant enough to spike out, and inventory warranty, but inventory as an example. Not surprising that you get a little more inventory obsolescence as you're introducing new products. And the challenge is making sure that you're not introducing the new products before you've liquidated the old ones sufficiently. And I think that's what has started to build up with the rapid -- more rapid penetration of LED than was anticipated. So we've been working to get that more in balance as part of a new product launch plan, to be sure that you are managing inventories in advance of that because it's much more difficult to manage those after the fact. So we've still got a little bit of that, that will probably flow through, I would expect, until those processes get changed, but I would expect those processes to be much more deliberate and more proactive as we go into next year.
David G. Nord: To the R&D question, I'm not sure that there is a -- from where I'd see, a need for a big uptick in our R&D. Certainly, there's areas that our assessment of the market that we could redirect our attention to differently. It think we're doing a lot of good things, we have a lot of good new products, good market receptance of those products. I think, obviously, the area that we need to do a better job in our R&D is the design, manufacturability, the sourcing of the products, to make sure that they are more reliable. So we don't have those product cost issues after launch. So it's hard to say that -- it would be hard for me to say that there isn't some market impact at least in some areas for some of the product issues. But I don't think -- I don't see a big uptick in our R&D spending. I think more focus on the right R&D spending is more likely.
David G. Nord: There's no doubt it's a more competitive environment. I'm not sure that it's structural, some of it I suspect is, but that's not -- we're not seeing that yet and in any direct evidence. There will be a pocket, an example in a market or a product offering or a competitor. But that quite frankly, that's been true as long as I've been with Hubbell. I mean, it depends, but I think more of the competitive environment is because, a, there's some markets that have been slower, and so everyone has the same desire to maintain and grow. So that's made it more competitive, particularly around a pricing environment, as well as in some of our businesses. Obviously, we have good margins. We focus on a space that has good margins and there continues to be new entrants in the spaces or current participants that are looking to expand in that area. So it's just a more broadly competitive environment, I would say, than simply a structural contributor.
David G. Nord: Largely, legacy products, Jeff. It's exactly what you point out, we're mixing away a lot of that at a more rapid pace than we were contemplating. And that's much harder inventory to liquidate after the fact.
David G. Nord: Yes, as you would expect in most of those situations, Jeff, there's a number of causes when you get into it. There are some component product issues from suppliers and we've -- there's a learning that goes on as to who is a reliable quality supplier and who isn't, and we've learned that and we're transitioning to the suppliers that have proven to be most reliable in quality. So there is an element of a quality -- supplier quality. There's also an element of manufacturing design, and without getting into the details, but things like, an example is, the color of the wire being misunderstood in the manufacturing process and so it being done incorrectly. So no life safety issue caused by it, but a life cycle issue created by it. So premature failure. So once you get into it, you conveniently figure these things out, and then the key is to the extend all of those learnings to the rest of the population. And so that's the good news that we take from that painful learning.
David G. Nord: Yes, I guess I would characterize it this way, Jeff. We didn't seek that authorization simply to replace one that was expiring. So that is an area that we expect to complement our capital deployment on dividends and acquisitions with share repurchase.
David G. Nord: Let me speak for Bill, and this is something that we talked about a lot and we debate a lot. One of the challenges, as you know, we try to be very proactive in our investor communications and being out there. And sometimes, we sign up for more than we can actually deliver on. And the things that are particularly difficult, and we're always cautious about signing up because of the time commitment, are those things that are -- particularly the West Coast ones, because it is such a time commitment that there's risk that some scheduling conflicts come up. That if it was in New York, it's a different story. I mean, we can always squeeze in a few hours, but when you got something on the West Coast, it's tough to schedule around that, and sometimes you just have to pull out because of scheduling issues. So that's really what that's about.
David G. Nord: No, no. I have to say, Steve, we certainly are taking that into account in our planning next year and be very conscious about our availability. So we have a much higher likelihood of being able to avoid scheduling conflicts.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I'd say, Chris, the cycle times can last a few years when it's kind of going down and along the bottom. It's proved to be, for us, since the '08 period, a very countercyclical business. So for example, in '09, when the rest of our industrial businesses weren't doing so well, that was actually doing strong. And as Dave said, it's incrementals were good at that time. And so it's providing an offset. In this part of the cycle, it's providing a drag to what is otherwise a healthy industrial business. So it's not -- it doesn't go -- I think, the nature of your question, it doesn't bounce back in 1 year or go down in 1 year. The cycle time is slower than that.
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we had a very small amount in the third quarter. It was in the Lighting business with a distribution center. But not a material cost, Chris, and ultimately, the level of expense that Dave was describing and that we're anticipating in the fourth quarter is a bad compare fourth quarter to fourth quarter, but year-over-year in the full year, it's actually comparable to some -- the level that we spent closing a facility that had come along with a Power Systems acquisition that we had made a couple of years ago in the prior year. So it's at a comparable level to last year. But just -- it's unique in the fourth quarter versus last year, it was in the first half, spread between the first 2 quarters last year.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So Rich, for the quarter, the impact of the other 2 items that we have noted were actually comparably sized between the unfavorable mix and the cost in excess of productivity.
William R. Sperry: It is, Rich. The complication is when we did the preannounce, we were talking about E&L relative to our July outlook. So it's higher than we thought from July. But when you do the year-over-year, it's not at the level that's worth just calling out as a separate line item. But it is one of the drivers. So I think the 3 big contributors to those cost are wage inflation, some freight cost and the inventory, Rich.
William R. Sperry: I think it's going to impact the second half of the year, Rich. And -- but going forward, not be at recurring levels.
William R. Sperry: And I think, Rich, more broadly on positioning, I think we had 6% growth in the quarter, that feels to us like market. I think with the resi business growing at double digits, that sounds very strong. I think our LED adoption rate is strong. And we recently just won a Supplier of the Year award from one of our important customers, which says something to me as feedback from the market to your -- that speaks to your question of positioning. And so I think the spending is less R&D driven as you and Dave were just discussing. But from a profitability perspective, the spending is going to be in productivity areas. And I do think that we're going to be doing a decent bit of that to -- which is not really the positioning of the business, but more its cost structure.
William R. Sperry: Yes, they're both considerably international. We talked with you, Rich, about a 17% international base of our sales, which I know is not necessarily large compared to some of our other players in the space. The contributors to that International business include Power as well as we have Canadian and Mexican businesses that are selling a broad amounts of our North American design products. And so the balance of that international is really focused in these 2 businesses, which is a high percentage of both of them.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Jeff, on a year-over-year basis, it's really reasonably quiet flat. I think what's different is our expectations where we'd be able to pull a little bit. So it's quite -- we had benign expectations, but it's been harder to even get that modest expectation.
William R. Sperry: Yes, again, it's small. It contributes to the way we explain the margin loss [ph], but it's very, very small difference. But still, it is negative in Power.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Jeff, our exposures are both of those, but the mining is much smaller. So it's much more significant in the upstream oil and gas. And so the impact on -- of price. A barrel of oil really impacts the spending there, and the projects are lumpy anyway. And then you get mix and more attractive projects last year versus this. So you're getting kind of both volume and business mix at the same time.
William R. Sperry: Yes, again, I think the volume that's impacted immediately isn't terribly dramatic because there is mix affect, too. But there have been projects, for example, in Eastern Europe and that part of the world, for example, where bids have been favored because of -- in Russia, to Chinese bidders, some of that project spending is getting switched. But that is -- some of that is happening. Again, it's not big, but it's enough with the decrementals to cause us some pain.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, Steve, the private, we do see a nice pick up when you think about how we're exposed there. We've got general C&I Lighting. We've got a brand called RACO that makes commercial construction, rough-in electrical, parts of BURNDY and parts of wiring device face off there, and pretty consistently those guys are -- have been -- all those brands have been experiencing reasonable growth. So to us, that's kind of reflective, not specifically of any vertical within there, but more to the health of the spending, which maybe hasn't had any kind of hockey stick, obviously. But from where we sit, a reasonably good pickup in some spending there, broadly speaking.
William R. Sperry: And yes, Steve, I would say the timing of the Reuters article describing some news on the trust, which is not controlled by us in any way. So your word to describe that is coincidental, I'd say, is correct.
William R. Sperry: Yes, Mike, I think your interpretation of destocking is right. I think the -- Dave was describing some national accounts which get very lumpy, and year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, as they stock or destock, you can get big swings. And so I think your characterization there is right. And I think for your benchmarking point, there's one pure-play public company that we can use to benchmark. The other couple of large peers of legacy kind of players in the space are divisions of other companies, so harder for us to use as benchmarks.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think that will -- it will take a couple of quarters for the benefits to kick in. And so we're hoping to see some of the benefits in the second half of next year. I think what's more important than that, as Dave was describing, an increase in more actions. And so as those get planned and implemented, we'll quantify both the cost and benefits for you. But ideally, you're getting, yes, something like a 1-year payback, but depending on timing, you may see that in the next calendar year. But we'll help you with that, as we get -- as those plan gets implemented, Mike.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then, I know this is probably tough for you guys to answer, but there is obviously a lot of noise. I mean, you guys, kind of publicly canceled out of a conference late in the month of September. There was some news around the trust. Any kind of comments you guys can provide? I mean was the cancelation from the conference really around what was going on with the businesses? And what you kind of came out with several weeks later as far as the miss on the quarter? Maybe if you could just -- I'm not sure what you can say, but if there's any kind of color you can provide, it will be helpful.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. Sorry, I just had to ask just because it's been, obviously, a big question for us. And I think it will be helpful for you guys to just get on the record publicly with a bit more of color. So sorry to be a pain, but just wanted to...
Charles Stephen Tusa: Well, I'd tell you what, skipping a couple of days in Southern California for a board meeting, kudos to Bill for being dedicated to the business.
