David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Let me just give some overview commentary on our results, and then I'll turn it over to Bill for some details. You've seen our results and certainly, we're pleased with another quarter of strong performance. I think our results, we feel very good. Nice, solid performance. And I have to say, I'm particularly proud of our ability, the organization's ability, to perform despite what continue to be very choppy markets. You see sales are up 6%, but our end markets are certainly pretty mixed. Non-res is a little better, but still relying on the strength of the renovation market, not necessarily meaningful improvement in new construction. The resi market continues to be solid, even with some volatility in that market, as you see in some of the -- some of the reports says interest rates rise. The utility side continues to be weak on both the transmission and distribution, and it's also impacted by, at least in the quarter, virtually no storm activity, a very quiet year. Although I think we've seen -- we did have a little benefit this month from a snowstorm up in South Dakota. But no meaningful activity there. And the industrial side is mixed. I'm particularly pleased with our high volt business, starting to come back, and some improvement on our harsh and hazardous. More importantly, we've got margin expansion of 100 basis points year-over-year this quarter, a lot of that driven by productivity and our continued focus on productivity and the benefit of lower material cost. And as we announced earlier this week, we increased our dividend, payable in the fourth quarter, by 11%. On the platform level, commentaries on our electrical systems, as I said, our high-voltage business is up nicely, and you know that we've talked about that and expected improvement in the second half. When it -- so you start to see the orders going out the door. You're not really sure, and we certainly have seen that. So we feel much better about that part of our market. Acquisitions, particularly in the electrical systems operations, continue to contribute to growth. Our margin there benefited certainly from the lower material cost, as well as some of the volume leverage. On the lighting side, new constructions certainly show pockets of activity, but still a choppy pattern. I think what we've seen most recently, some of our larger project orders continue to be on the health care side, which is good for now, although I think we anticipate that may be slowing in that particular market. The renovation, still driving most of the activity on the non-res side. The residential markets, as I say, continue to be strong, and we're participating in that quite nicely. Our most recent acquisition on the lighting side, Nordlux, added to our LED capability and is integrating very well. And on the LED side, I think we've seen close to 30% penetration on our sales level as we exited the quarter. And I think we're also, most recently, recognized, as you've seen, by some of the industry in terms of our product innovation and recognition. On the power side, that continues to be a challenging environment for a lot of reasons, the regulatory uncertainty, lower demand. But we're navigating through that. Certainly, distribution, as I said earlier this year, that project business was slowing, and we've seen even some of the project business that we anticipated being released in the third quarter, being pushed out, but also some continued weakness on the distribution side. As well, that's become a much more price-competitive environment than we've seen in the past. But on the positive side, because we've had lower transmission projects going out -- and as we've said, that tends to be more price competitive and lower margin -- we've got some of the mix benefit. You see that in the margins on the power side. Lastly, on the acquisition front, the acquisition of Connector Manufacturing and Nordlux are both performing extremely well. We'll talk later, but the pipeline's active, and we hope we may be able to close another 1 or 2 smaller deals before the end of the year. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the details.
David G. Nord: Well -- I mean, some of them are the things that we've been doing for a number of years. I mean, first and foremost is on our coordinated sourcing efforts. That was a big element of a business case, you recall, for SAP. And we still have a lot of more opportunity in that area, and it really comes around more coordinated. As I've talked earlier in the year, back at our Investor Day, we're focused around a more coordinated One Hubbell strategy. And so that's really a key to what we're -- what we continue to do and what continues to provide a benefit to us. But we were also looking at other functions within the organization where we can drive productivity and improvement, whether that's in finance or HR or some of the other support functions, as well as getting a more coordinated selling effort. When we're out in the market, we obviously have a great reputation, a great name, and we've built on more than 60 very valuable brands. But a lot of the end market is not familiar with the collective value of that, so we're spending a lot more time on those. And we're seeing some of that benefit as well. So...
David G. Nord: Well, we hope. We thought it would in the third. It's just a question of when those projects get released. And so that's a bit of the volatility that we deal with. So some of that should be in the fourth quarter, but we thought it would be in the third. So...
David G. Nord: That's an interesting question, Rich. Certainly, we continue to invest in new products. On the lighting side, as a good example about where that -- those new product introductions are not necessarily incremental to the market growth. They're critical to participate in that market growth. However, we've seen examples where some of those product introductions have been able to capture some more market share than we would have had in the legacy product. So there are those examples, but I wouldn't say that there's any particular areas that are going to drive, at least at this point, outgrowth. But that still remains to be seen. I mean, certainly, our strategy is to outgrow the core markets through share gain, and our preferred approach to that is through product innovation, not through price. So we think we can win on the product innovation, but we may lose some on the price. So it could be net neutral at the end the day, unfortunately.
David G. Nord: Certainly, those are positive contributors on the margin side. And so we would expect those to be some tailwind. The flip side to that -- and of course, at this point, we're always trying to make sure that we're looking at things in a balanced way -- the competitive environment in some of our markets, particularly on the utility side, has become more price competitive. So even flat to slightly up had some potential margin pressure that, as a market leader, we're certainly not going to contribute to. But we've got to be able to react accordingly. So we're a little cautious on that, but you're absolutely right in that we're happy that a couple of markets that are better contributors are picking up as we've navigated through, particularly like the high voltage. So I think there is potential. We're certainly going to work toward that if the pricing environment is supportive.
David G. Nord: Drew, let me give you a quick summary of how I -- how we see it. In my travels, it's clear that lighting is a great place to be because of what's clearly the market demand that's out there. Everybody wants to be in lighting. Of course, as a result, because everybody wants to be in lighting, it's become a much more competitive environment. But that's one that we feel particularly good about, our position, because at the end of the day, you're still -- you're out selling product that you're selling has a longer life cycle. It helps to be someone who's been in the business long enough to be able to demonstrate that they've been around long enough to support that longer product life cycle, has a broad enough product offering to support a complete solution, not just a one-off product. So there's a whole lot of stuff going on with new entrants, with one-off products. And so, that's creating a lot of activity. But the good news is the underlying demand is certainly positive, and we're just going to navigate some of those competitive pressures.
David G. Nord: Yes, sure. I mean, that's probably the only place that I would say it's -- the demand is arguably at odds with resi growth. But I think we -- some of that, as we've said earlier, is because there was a build-out of existing developments. So there wasn't a lot of new investments. We have seen some benefit in our business on some new developments but nowhere near the level that would be consistent with the resi growth itself. Certainly, we think that would be an element of growth opportunity next year that would offset the otherwise conservative and cautious expectations on demand, on distribution. As I said earlier, we know there needs to be spending there. The problem is particularly with the IOUs. They're under some tremendous pressure on rates, on returns, on capital structure, on source of fuel. You add the dynamic of substitution of renewables, they're -- what we hear from that part of the market is much more caution in the near term until things start to settle out. So I hope that helps.
William R. Sperry: I think, Chris, if you were to peel apart our capital projects, productivity projects, you'd see, in a typical year, that 5 to 10 level of spending on 2 or 3 facilities that get consolidated, and then just lots of little projects that -- it's how we -- philosophy get implemented. It's that cell [ph] level. Ideas can come bottoms-up from a very small ideas, and you push productivity by doing lots of sit-ups and lots of push-ups every day.
William R. Sperry: I also think, Rich, you're pointing out within industrial some of the strong areas. There's also a mix as non-res starts to outgrow the other segments, which we anticipate over the medium to longer term. We actually get some mixed headwinds from that. So as Dave said, it tends to balance it out.
William R. Sperry: Resi was up 17%, very strong, Rich. And the C&I side was up mid- to high-single digits. So really driven from the rental side. So Dave talked about the LED adoption rate, we -- the year-to-date period, were at about 25%. As Dave said, we ended the quarter at 30%, so that growth trend really continues to be there. That adoption rate continues, it does not look like it's tapering off at all.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So the cost for 3Q were a tailwind. They were helpful. Price was -- it's much more challenging. So, and for the year, we're anticipating, if you add -- sometimes we use shorthand, Drew, of price cost to include 4 different variables. We talk about price -- 2 components of cost, one being material, the other being inflation, like wages and health care. And that against productivity. We look at all 4 of those variables for '13, the full year, we've had a very helpful tailwind from those. So that's part of what's been driving a good margin story for us. And what -- as we look forward to '14, as we start to compare the incrementals year-to-year, it's hard to have that tailwind keep repeating itself, and it tends to come back into balance. That's one of the factors we're -- that's driving kind of our margin, both this year and next.
William R. Sperry: I think that the lighting space is growing very attractively for us. It's -- as you say, there are some newer competitors that -- some of them are targeted towards national accounts. Some of them have a targeted kind of narrow SKU approach. Some of them are bringing a price aggressiveness approach. I think from the way Hubble continues to approach the market, we're trying to be a broad-based lighting fixture competitor. We like to have national presence and be able to offer full SKU breadth, whether it's through a large box retailer on the resi side, or whether it's to a homebuilder on the resi side, or whether it's C&I projects of wide varieties, from airports to parking lots to office buildings. And so I think that the dynamics for the way we're approaching the market continue to be consistent over that last couple of quarter periods that you're asking about where innovation, LED adoption continues to be critical. We're making a lot of investments in that area. Dave kind of highlighted some of the awards for innovation that we're winning. I think it's important to keep coming up with new products, which we're doing. And the C&I side, you have to be good at the reno side to be successful right now over the last few quarters. And we bought a company a couple of years ago that's sort of focused on the rental channel through escas [ph] and lighting services companies. That helps us out. And I think one of the changes is, Dave mentioned a lot of times with customers, I think the distributors are getting very sophisticated as to how they are selling retrofit and reno. And so us continuing to serve our distributors is positive in terms of continuing to compete with someone. So as much as there's a lot of change, I think the market dynamics for us are continuing in ways that allow Hubbell and our competitive positioning to thrive.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Mike. Yes. So the pipeline continues to thrive. We continue to see lots of good opportunities. For us, it continues -- the challenge continues to be to find the fit that works with our strategy, our product suite, our distribution network, and we're having a lot of luck finding things that seem to fit right now. It feels like the competitiveness on that pipeline is up a little bit. I know that we've gotten a lot of questions over the last couple of quarters as to our price is too high, our valuation is creeping away from us. And I'd say that we feel pretty excited about the values that we continue to see. But I do think that it feels a little bit like competitiveness is up in terms of others looking maybe at the same things we are. But I think Dave really highlighted how we've got things, which is we've got a balance sheet that's poised to make investment, and we've got an increased number of resources internally. And we've made investments in the processes to be more effective, both at finding and integrating our acquisitions. I think Dave made some reference to the fact that our last 2 are getting integrated very well. I'm glad that that starts to become sort of a ho-hum message. That's kind of what's expected, and I think that's going that way. So we continue to be very optimistic about what's out there and our ability to close them and integrate them well. You asked about if there are specific areas, and I think the thing that encourages me the most is that they're not specific areas. They're all areas. We've seen situations across our entire portfolio. We get lots of calls and lots of questions from private equity firms on what we want to sell. Probably get 10 calls a week from somebody who wants to buy, somebody who wants to sell. And I think it's a good affirmation that we don't have anything for sale. We like the stuff that we have. We like our positioning. In fact, we're trying to consolidate and prove the positionings on those. So it's an active process, it's an active market. And I'd say we're optimistic about our ability to keep kind of this level. So if you see us with a model of trying to maybe double the organic growth with acquired growth, that's a model that the level of activity out there would support, and I think we put pressure on ourselves to keep doing more. And I think the hard part -- Dave made an interesting -- saying that we're hoping to get another 1 or 2 closed by year end, and he commented those are typical Hubbell-sized deals. I think what's a very hard for us to comment for you all is when would something of more significant size come along, the frequency of those much lower. And so I'd say our pipeline is very typical of Hubbell sizes, which is that $25 million to $50 million company that we run across that's for sale.
William R. Sperry: Ryan, with distribution, I think we may have -- we tend to describe -- the majority of our distribution is maintenance and repair, not construction. And we tended to count on that maintenance and repair to be a steady year in and year out kind of increase in spending. I think what we've witnessed is the shock of '08 caused '09 to be a low-spending year. And as Dave described, some of the pressures I think this year is too. So what we've maybe described as steady has a little more volatility in it, and that's what we're facing. I think your view is right that that construction side of the -- that comes from resi should be to help bolster some of the distribution spending going forward.
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think in non-res, again, we split it out between public and private. And the public side continues to drag us down. The overstimulation back in '09 and '10 is creating -- it was unsustainable, and creating a little bit of a hangover there. But on the private side, Ryan, -- and particularly in public, some of the institutional side showing some of the more soft -- softness, whether that's education and some of those areas. I think we're strong before. But on the private side, we are starting to see growth. And that's, to me, good news. When you look at some of the leading indicators like ABI, you start to look at square footage and contracts, our put in place spend will lag to start a new building. So we continued to wait for that spending to pick up. We get a lot of questions, when Jim is on the road, about what -- is non-res today or tomorrow or next week? I think we're all sort of waiting for it. And it continues to -- just continues to not look like that hockey stick is right upon us. If you look at some of the third-party forecast, I'm sure you look at some of the same work that we do over the last 6 months, the outlook for next year's non-res put in place spending on buildings has softened a little bit. So that hockey stick was presumed to be, I think, in full bore by next year. I think it's just going to be a bit more modest as we recover.
William R. Sperry: Mike, I would say we certainly have no ability to predict what impact all that nonsense had on contracts and timing on when they might get restarted. We wouldn't really have any insight into that, I'm sorry to say.
William R. Sperry: Yes. It may be hard for me to comment on verticals, but I would say the adoption is very broad across Hubbell's lighting brands, which I take as a pretty good sign that it's kind of seeping out there. I think that -- you're right to point out that certain applications lend themselves. I think areas like parking lots, airports, they seem to be adapting to LED at a very, very high level. A refrigerated application seems to be adopting to LED at a high-level. I'd say, on the resi side, it's still slow to come around because the prices are still high, the paybacks are a little slower given that your lights are on at home for only a couple of hours a day. So I think it's -- I don't know if it's so much by vertical as it is by application maybe. And it's starting to get, I'd describe, as pretty broad based.
