Maria Lee: Thanks Emily. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and CFO Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may includes statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Maria Lee: All right, thanks Bill. On Page 12 of the webcast, net income was comparable to last year on a year-to-date basis. Working capital was less of a use of cash as we used payables to support inventory growth. CapEx increased about 10% year-over-year and year-to-date free cash flow of $99 million was comparable to last year and about 70% of net income. So we are on-track to meet our full-year targets of free cash flow equal to net income. Turning to the next Page, capital structures Page 13. We ended Q2 with $360 million cash most of which about 95% was held internationally, which is pretty typical for us. We adjust under $100 million of commercial pay per outstanding and just over $1 billion of total debt. The first tranche of senior notes the 2018 is coming due within a year and as we expect, we are currently considering potential options and optional timing regarding this upcoming maturity. Net debt to cap is running at about 24% and so again overall a healthy balance sheet. I will hand back off to Bill.
Maria Lee: Sure. So on the savings, we are still moving toward what we said before which is $0.20 incremental this year. We are very much on-track to do that and could be even a little bit better. So that's all in line and same thing bias to be able to bit better.
Maria Lee: So the $0.20 EPS is the just the incremental piece. We had over $0.30 of incremental savings last year in 2016 and then $0.10 in 2015 for cumulative. It's a much bigger number closer to 65 and the $0.20 incrementally this year. And as far as next year, we haven't got out with specific incremental savings guidance. But most of our actions have roughly between two and three year paybacks longer term paybacks for the facilities shorter term for some of the headcount action. So let's say if you just kind a look for paybacks for certain two to three years maybe weighted more towards the three years and allocate the spend in that way. That would give good estimate for having to think about it going forward.
William Sperry: Okay, so on Page 14, you'll see that we have indicated here a slight raise in our market outlook versus what we shared with you on our April call. you'll see most of the markets remain in line with that outlook we provided, resi at 4% to 6%, non-res at 2% to 4%. And those markets have performance reasonably well within our expectations. Industrial at 2% to 4% I would say, we've gotten there the same outlook, but maybe little bit different in terms lighter on the heavy side and a little bit more strength in the light industrials, but staying in that same range. And oil and gas markets at 2% to 4%, and so again the harsh and hazardous business for us very important, we've been talking with you for few quarters about how that's bottomed sequentially. And so now for us to start to see mid-single digit growth there in that oil slice is quite welcome and good news as we think about second half of the year. That should be a positive contributor and the gas side also been performing well. So where we've really made our raise is on the electrical T&D side. Back in April that was zero to two, we've raised that to one to three really on the backs of the strong second quarter. And some of the projects - the small and medium size outlook that we've got for the balance of the year. So that translates on Page 15, to 2.5% to 3% growth from our end markets. Again stronger on the T&D side than we saw, a little bit softer and the heavy industrial than we thought. Acquisitions we are anticipating to add about 2% and essentially neutral FX impacts. Resulting EPS range of $5.40 to $5.60 which is really a combination of a nickel better from operating performance and investing that nickel in as Dave called the success for an important restructuring program that we are utilizing to make sure our cost structure is as competitive as it needs to be. That range continues to absorb about a dime of iDevice dilution. And as Dave the description the performance of lighting has been in line with the reset that we gave you in April and so we are maintaining that. And Maria went through the cash flow, our expectation being equal to net income. So that's the update on our outlook in the quarter and I was going to ask Dave to make some comments.
William Sperry: Yes. So first of all your math is right tracking from 1Q to 2Q. I think some of that maybe as Dave is highlight as we improved our service and we are able to get some product shipped that were orders from 1Q. So I'm not sure I would say that we saw any kind of inflection per say in order pattern. I think maybe the complement to that would be our resi business was strong in Q2 which helped create some of that and resi can be driven by some more lumpiness whether it comes from big boxes or homebuilders. But I wouldn’t say, Nigel, any real change in kind of market condition from our perspective.
William Sperry: Yes, so as Dave said, we are focused on service and our service metrics are essentially back to where they were, we are taking advantage of the energy that we've created to actually improve that beyond our historical levels. And so I think on the distribution center side, Dave made reference to the new DC that we've installed and stood up down in outside of Atlanta. And I think having as we had commented before, few more quarters under our belt to have that run as it should be will really be helpful. And the one factory that we mentioned last quarter that was doing some new receiving as we had been restructuring. We are working on those things out too. So that the metrics that we go through very intensively with the operating team are showing our weekly stop light, review programs are showing positive trends there. So that’s what is giving us the confidence that they are performing with the reset expectations.
William Sperry: Well starting with non-resi I would say we had not. I think we continue to see the trends as we had started off now. Granted when we started the year, we might have had lower expectations than some parts of the market. So I think where we have seen people sayings its less good, because maybe they got a little bit more exuberant post election and right at the start of the year. So I would say from us Nigel, it continues to feel in line. As far as oil and gas goes, I think there is small bit back-end loading to that, but industrial I think the light side a little bit smoother, but on the heavy I think we could see some back-end lift as well for those two.
William Sperry: Yes, I think the way you can’t model things, but to the day but roughly speaking Rich that’s how we are expecting it, yes.
William Sperry: Correct, what is specifically exciting there is the inefficiencies coming out of our restructuring, which happen to be on the distribution and some of the receiving issues. It doesn’t take away some of the challenge Dave was referring to with price dynamics in the market et cetera. So it’s just the effect that you are focusing on that $0.05 we do think in a base by Q4, yes.
William Sperry: Yeah, I think you are teasing out two really important issues in your question. The first is sequentially does the market feel better or worse. And I would say it feels to us reasonably consistent. And then you're asking compared to last year of the comps, because you are right to say the comps had a little bit more challenging in the back half of last year. But I think that our expectations are kind of continuation of the trends through this year.
William Sperry: Sure. I would say in terms of the extra nickel, Dave used a nice description of the pump was primed with a number of projects in the queue. Nothing super lumpy, just able to turn on a couple of those projects as they became more formalized - as Dave said are interested in getting it the spending behind us, so we can get into a more normalized reported only sort of environment. And so one of the benefits of have this to be going on for the last couple of years is the more programmatic nature. So nothing dramatic just projects we are able to green light. And then maybe Maria can comment on the savings.
William Sperry: You know, you are right about that. It was back in April when we sort of reached that expectations around lighting and that we add sort of the history of Q1 if you will and then the outlook as the questions have been of the impact of those inefficiencies in Q2 and Q3. So the inefficient impact is about equal so the performance is about equal and so some of the comments that were asked about remediation efforts on service. Some of those leading indicators which are not financial, but service driven are starting to look positive which we think later in the year. You are right quantitative performance basis is flat with Q1.
William Sperry: Yes, I think if we were sitting back and planning out a year, a lot of that D especially Jeff, is driven by operating savings on utilities part, maintenance and repair. And we always think to that tends to be and should be probably in the GDP kind of range. So for us, we were encouraged to see 5% growth in the quarter without acquisitions. And that really came from our perspective from the capital side and some projects. And what's interesting for us was not driven by megaprojects sort of smaller and medium sized projects is really helping us, which is good news because I think the large of the project the more lumpy maybe that that trend would be right. And the small the nature of that project hopefully you can have a little bit of momentum sequentially in it. So that was certainly a positive for us for power systems.
William Sperry: No, I think it built nicely through the quarter and the backlog is actually in shape to support the kind of outlook that basically gave you the support for us raising our outlook.
William Sperry: Yes. I think you shouldn't - would assume that we'll be participating in projects sort of pro rata absolutely.
William Sperry: Our cash flow is back half weighted. And so if we are active in the beginning of the year and acquisitions as we were this year. And the cash is overseas as Maria had mentioned. That's what the CP mark there for us to be doing stuff like that. To have inflows are there, but you're right to point out we've got some bonds matured in 2018 and refinancing those at the opportune time what will be considering that.
William Sperry: No, I think as your question was are there seasonal cash flows that would nationally cause CP to have some balances in the first half and to be paid off in the second half. And the answer to that is yes. But that more permanent capital those tenure bond that Maria showed you there is two tranches. I think you should continue to think of those are being refinanced as they come due. And then to the extent we have acquisitions that get up to critical math and you would term out those financings as they came along.
David Nord: Okay, thanks. Yes just before we open up to questions, just a couple closing comments. Hopefully, your take away from this is similar to mine. I’m particularly pleased that the markets are moving in the right direction, at least we have seen so far this year, we are able to take advantage of those markets and see that in our performance. That consistency had been on record as using different terms around the markets and I committed last quarter that I was going to stop saying that. So I’m particularly pleased with the consistency of the market and with favorable settlement. Obviously there is always some question, I think we have seen recent ABI come out and take their forecast down, but you know keep in mind that you know as we started the year we did start at the same level and we weren’t using that as a basis. We thought some of that might be a little bit too optimistic and so we are still very much in line with the expectations that are out there. So what does that mean, well that means that maybe some of the later year optimism that we hope would come through. Maybe that doesn’t come through, that doesn’t at all affect our plans to continue to outperform the market. We are continually operating with that mantra, both on the top-line and the bottom-line. Certainly has been challenged by the lighting business in particular, but that’s why the restructuring program has been so critical for us and we have really gotten a lot of traction on that throughout the organization and that’s why we have got the ability to and now that we are performing a little better could invest a little bit more. Now to be clear, moving to $0.25 to $0.30, we are working very hard to try and get more done now, so we need to do less later, because the objective that you know I have set out for the team here is that we get back to a more normal ongoing operating basis. You know probably at the $0.15 to $0.20 range serving for the next several years, but that would be part of the continual ongoing cost reduction and not something that’s unique and special. We have primed [puff] (Ph), we have got it blowing and I think the results are obvious and we want to start to see some of those results going forward. I think in addition to the market trends, I certainly expect that we are going to continue to build upon that particularly on acquisitions as well as through new product development. I think the acquisition market is certainly active, but it’s also pricey and so that requires us to continue to maintain our discipline around pricing. And lastly lighting has been a challenge. It continues to be a challenge but I think I’m very confident that our challenges are being fixed and no doubt it’s a tough market, its highly competitive. We are pretty well positioned in continuing to improve that position, we are making progress and I’m confident that moving forward we are going to continue to improve on that business and that will continue to support the overall portfolio. And not over shadow, an important element of our business and that is the performance of the other parts of our business, particularly within the electrical segment. I mean the same what I stepped back and reflected on the quarter's performance, one of the things that really struck me that most satisfying was really the strength that we saw in our other electrical businesses whether it's construction and energy or commercial and industry, both on the market side and the profit side. I think sometime that can get loss in the electrical segment particularly with lightings challenges, but that's what we are all about is building off the strength of at least three of the four pillars at any one time. And those who have followed us know that sometimes there is always one that - one of the markets is weak. But we are moving accelerating, so I feel really good about that, and I feel really good about the rest of this year and even into next year. So with that, let me stop and open it up to questions.
David Nord: Nigel, I think just to add to that, I think that we have certainly had very dramatic improvement in our service levels and deliveries, but in order to do that in the short-run there is the incremental cost to do that. Whether it’s in freight or whether it’s in staffing. So that’s the next leg of improvement within lighting is to work that out of the system to still be able to perform at the level our customers expect, but doing in a more cost effective manner. So that’s the other leg of some of the inefficiencies that we have seen.
David Nord: Yes, I think it is. But we don't see any major projects on the board that would change that. I think that’s certainly the target level that we are going for. There is you can have a debate about whether you're going to have too much or not enough in it. The simple science behind that Rich, is if you recall when we were about two thirds of the size we had a normal run rate of $0.05 to $0.10 that was embedded in our results. And there was period of time where we get off of that track a bit. And so some of what we've been doing over the last few years was a - some catch up. a lot of that was a reaction to the lighting market, but if you just extrapolate we are now 50% bigger and you have got to take that $0.05 to $0.10 and make that more $0.15 to $0.20. We are looking another way as we talked to our Group Presidents internally you all get a nickel. You need to and should be able to invest at least a nickel in cost reduction actions. But have you now develop the skill to be able to do that and self fund based on the investment that we've made. So that's the best more insight into the strategy and the basis for the $0.15 and $0.20 that we are working on.
David Nord: Yes, there certainly is I think that’s a little bit of what goes into Bill’s response or response to the forward look what the impact is in pricing and lighting. You know while the market could be a little bit weaker, we certainly think we could be on the other side of that and quite honestly our lighting team has focused on the need to do that but it was very difficult for them to be in a position to have a discipline without having the commensurate service. Now they get the service level improve, but need to continue to improve that the next step is to hold and actually pursue price particularly in those areas where absent that price it’s not economically worth wile to take the business. So I think they have had some early examples of that where that has helped them on both sides but certainly what we want is the business at a higher price. And there has been some early examples of that so we are hoping that they can build on that. So you are actually right, there should there is potential for that but it’s all up to the market willing to take it.
David Nord: Well we are certainly thinking about it and I actually think that, that is the direction where the industry is going. It’s a question of the magnitude and the pace and we are working on - we have supported that part of the industry with our traditional products, but we are looking at areas where we need to add to our product portfolio either through self development or through acquisition and that’s part of our acquisition strategy within our power business. Obviously that’s one of our highest return businesses and so they get first dibs at our capital and so they have tremendous opportunities to invest. And as a result they are very open to looking at those different areas and that is one area in particular that they are spending a lot more time on it, we collectively are spending time to look at and how best to take advantage of that market going forward.
David Nord: I don’t know that we have seen a dramatic increase - certainly not a dramatic increase in activity. I think there has been a continual increase in the discussion. The recognition of that being a market dynamic, that’s the question of the pace and utilities are trying to figure out. Obviously there are some who will be more aggressive on that and they might win or they might be too far ahead of it. but that’s the beauty of our business, we got a lot of insights into - we have such a good market presence that we do get that advanced insight and that’s what we are trying to balance with our portfolio and our investment strategy.
David Nord: You know I guess that question has always been asked, always been out there and my view has always been we are always ready for it. Maybe other than when I first joined Hubbell we were in the midst of SAP implementation that would have been ill advised. But after that, we have always been ready for it. There just hasn’t been the right opportunities that really would present themselves with the right strategic grip combined with the right valuation. But we've evaluated those numerous times over my career in Hubbell and we continue to do that.
David Nord: I would say that that's not as obvious as it might have been three to five years. There is still value in that, there is still a benefit. But I think there is also another dynamic to consider as an alternative which is some of the changing technology and are there places that would be more value creating if you're looking at more of the technology dynamics in the industry. So, from my stand point I think it's actually added more possibilities to that consideration.
David Nord: All right, well thank you to all for joining us today and I know that Maria and Steve and Bill are around the rest of the day and tomorrow for any follow-up question you might have. So I look forward to seeing you over the course of the next 90 days in various events or at our third quarter call in October. Enjoy the rest of the summer.
