Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. Hubbell delivered a strong finish to an exceptional year. For the full-year 2023, we achieved 9% sales growth, over 500 basis points of operating margin expansion, and over 40% growth in operating profit and earnings per share. These results were driven not only by our strong positions in attractive markets but also by the consistent execution of our people and maintaining industry-leading service levels for our customers while driving price and productivity across our businesses. Our strong financial performance also enabled us to invest back into our business and capacity, innovation, and productivity initiatives. We invested $165 million in capital expenditures in 2023, almost double our investment levels from 2021. We are confident that these investments will drive future growth and productivity for our shareholders, and as we will describe in more detail later, we intend to grow profitably off of a strong multi-year base of performance. Turning to the fourth quarter, we delivered strong growth and margin expansion in both segments. Notably, we also returned to year-over-year volume growth in Electrical Solutions. As we noted on our previous call in October, we were confident that the channel inventory management that we had seen earlier in the year had largely normalized. As a result, we saw a stronger seasonal performance in the fourth quarter as well as continued strength across data centers and renewables verticals. We also continued a trajectory of strong margin expansion in the Electrical segment and in the year with adjusted operating margins of 16.6%. We continue to see structural margin expansion opportunities as we make progress in our strategy of competing collectively as an operating segment and we plan to accelerate our restructuring investment in 2024 to drive long-term productivity. In Utility Solutions, fourth quarter trends were largely consistent with the third quarter. Transmission markets were strong and we continued to convert on past due backlog in communications and control as supply chain conditions have improved. Utility distribution markets continue to be impacted by channel inventory normalization as anticipated, though we continue to see visible demand strength in 2024 and beyond. Telecom markets were weak in the quarter and while our long-term outlook here remains positive, we are taking a cautious initial view on 2024 until we have more visibility on timing of investments. We also executed on two important portfolio actions in the quarter as we closed on the previously announced acquisition of Systems Control and announced a definitive agreement to sell our Residential Lighting business, which we expect to close in early February. These transactions reflect our ongoing strategy to create a focused portfolio strategically aligned around grid modernization and electrification. These transactions improved the long-term growth and margin profile of our portfolio and we anticipate that they will be net accretive to 2024 adjusted earnings per share. We will provide more details on our '24 outlook at the end of this call, but we remain confident that Hubbell is uniquely positioned in attractive markets and that we can build off the success of this last several years to drive profitable growth off this higher base of performance. With that let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through the details of the quarter.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Bill. And before we turn it over to Q&A, I think it's helpful on the last page to look at our 2023 performance and '24 outlook in a longer-term context. The results we delivered for shareholders not only in 2023 but over the last few years have been very strong. Most notably, we have doubled our adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share over a three-year period while growing sales at double-digit CAGR and expanding adjusted operating margins from the mid-teens to over 20%. We have also doubled our capital expenditures over the last three years to further differentiate our service levels to customers and support attractive long-term growth expectations. As grid modernization and electrification drive the need for more reliable, resilient, and renewable energy infrastructure, Hubbell is uniquely positioned with the right people, solutions, and strategy to meet the evolving needs of our customers and deliver continued value to our shareholders. I'm extremely proud of our over 18,000 employees whose hard work and dedication have enabled us to achieve a new baseline performance. And I am confident that we will build off of this success with continued attractive profitable growth in '24 and beyond. We look forward to hosting an Investor Day later this year on June 4, where we will provide more details on our long-term strategy with updated financial targets. With that, let's turn the call over to Q&A.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so price cost we've got as flat, Steve. We have effectively one point of rollover on price embedded in there, which we're using effectively to offset commodity inflation and then we've got productivity program that we think can help offset non-material inflation in places like transportation, wages, and things like that. So, it's quite a flat expectation. And I think the way segments - I think as a result of that PCP assumption, our margins by segment are reasonably flattish, and I'd say that applies to both segments, I would say, Steve.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe the two moving pieces on that I'll give you, if you think about the addition of Systems Control that's actually a little bit dilutive to the margin even though it's - we've provided those numbers and very attractive addition. And if you think about volume, it's a little bit accretive. And if you think the net of those with PCP flat, it's roughly flat. If you look at maybe a little bit color on the Electrical because the Electrical I think it's a slight expansion, but that is with a pretty good step-up on the restructuring, so if you take that out, it's actually a nice expansion of that, and Bill referred to it earlier of the opportunity still in that segment as they work through organizing that better, competing collectively, there's more room for margin expansion there.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say more to do, Jeff. Some of those projects take time to get some of that equipment in and online. So, if you think about, for example, our transmission and substation markets, particularly strong last year and this coming year as well as you saw, and that requires some capital that still need to come online, and I feel good about our ability to do that. We've done that very well over the last year, so that's going to support some of that growth that we have embedded in our guidance.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe to your point, there may be some headwinds, I'd also say that we built into the guidance to carry over, but we also announced price increases early this year, it's early to tell at this stage, only a few weeks in on to stick rates, but again the conversations that we're having are very positive to those taken hold. So, we have levers against potential headwinds by taking price too.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe, Julian, provide maybe a local context on that, and you're right to point out there's still some headwinds, but one way to look at it and I realize it's an early data point, but as we look at how we're starting off the year and we look at our order patterns and trends here in January, it's actually a support to what Bill is somewhat hesitantly saying that we could be exiting our destocking, it's constructive, so I'd say, early reads into the year is that is constructive to kind of this profile of seasonal guidance.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so if last year it was an investment that continues, i.e., if you added headcount, it would show up, yes, in margins, in volume. So, as we step things up in areas last year, for example, like new product development or people to work on productivity initiatives, that would wrap around higher costs, wouldn't be a new investment, right, it would show up as you're saying, Brett, in margin of that volume.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I think the new - I think there is order of magnitude another $10 million of R&R in that bucket that will be invested this year it's of a footprint nature and I think the paybacks are that we have good ROICs on that. The paybacks tends to be in the 3-ish year range and so we're sort of investing today in those cases with benefits that probably start a year or two from now.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, overall, I would say, sell-through volumes were down kind of in the high-single to low-double-digits most of the year and I think sell-through was flattish to slightly up, so it got better in the fourth quarter, but overall, I think you can think about it a single-digit impact on a full-year basis.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I mean, I'd say that we still have projects that are - this year it will be consolidating locations, so you'd be absorbing volume in existing location. And then after you get to that, there's always the chance to keep putting in bigger more scaled facilities. So you can answer your question with a very long perspective, but if you took it a little bit more narrowly, I'd say, in the next few years, we'd be at a stage where we'd be quite happy with the optimization process. You're probably never done I guess point, but I think we'll - we go a long way to achieving sort of our desired goals in just a few years.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you. I appreciate all the questions with the quite robust time we put out for that in this call to focus on our outlook. Maybe I'll close by saying that I feel really good about the year and our ability to deliver on our commitments to you, to drive profitable growth after a few years of really outperformance. So look forward to our Investor Day later in the year and to our first quarter call, let's talk about how we're doing so far this year, so thanks so much.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, maybe let's start with Utility margins first, and I would say for Aclara, you're right to say their margins are below the transmission and distribution component margins, largely because of the amount of R&D investing that we're doing, working on developing the Next-Gen comms package. So, I would say, in '23 and particularly in this fourth quarter where you saw them outgrowing, I would - I think where you're going is, is that create a mix drag and it did in the fourth quarter. I think growth rates next year, we maybe anticipate more balanced, Jeff, so I don't think we'll have a big mix effect in Utility margins in '24. And your second question was on Telecom. Maybe provide a little context there, Jeff, and we really saw that slowing down towards the latter part of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, specifically was down 20%. The first quarter, we still expect that to be down double-digits. And what happened early in the year, we're still working through a lot of backlog in that which kind of shielded us a little bit. So we certainly expect after the first quarter, the second quarter sales to be down, and then we expect that to rebound in the second half and some of that stimulus funding frees up.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that we just aren't - we don't do EPS in the - by the quarterly guide basis. I just would say I'd anticipate our Q1 earnings to be in line with contributing to the full-year at our typical seasonality and more so than it did last year so.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think Telecom would be the first to see a market down. I think just puts a little pressure on that and so that's really the most noteworthy one. I think other areas where things are overstocked, can put a little pressure sometimes, so we've had a very successful pricing tactic over the last really two years and so it's something that we are; A, very focused on; B, are in very close conversations with our big customers. Gerben and I happen to be visiting with a few of our largest customers over the course of the last couple of weeks and just to your point, none of them are asking about price other than to make sure. We are coordinating with them, give them enough time to implement price increases, and let them manage that through their systems, but it's a - I would describe price as of this moment, Tommy, is still quite constructive.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure - I'm not sure I'm getting the essence of what you're asking. We did find that vertically data centers and renewables were both good that benefited our PCX business and our Burndy business. And I do think we saw from our big customers, if that's - if that's where you're pushing, in areas where they had been managing their inventories we saw a return to growth in those as well. So, I'm not sure if you're getting that customer behavior end-markets there, but we had a kind of a little bit of a mix of both.
Bill Sperry: I do agree. I do agree, they were sort of at double-digits versus what you see is a better margin at the segment, so I do agree.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Julian, first of all, welcome to the call, nice to have you, and I would say, that the Utility destock we'll see, but we could - if you - we couldn't be at the point of kind of having be done with that as well and I would say on the Electrical side we feel more confident than we are. Your Telecom point is right. I think we do anticipate a weaker start. And as you think about, you're sort of introducing sequential seasonality and how that's going to look VPY compare. And I think what on the VPY basis, some of the second half compares because of the destocking could actually be a little bit easier, for example, first quarter last year was actually quite strong. And I think seasonality-wise, we upped our investments at the second half of last year, as those wrap around that creates a more consistent and easier second half. So, I think as those things net against each other, that's kind of how we're getting to a more typical seasonal year even though, I hear you, there's obviously puts and takes and forces at work here.
Bill Sperry: Yes, just think maybe the pressure on office just feels like it puts a little bit less certainty, I mean it's quite a constructive pie, so I guess by - I think less certainty puts you in still a growth position, but it just - I think the institutional side probably be stronger, but maybe some of that office could be weaker. So, I think there is some that mix effect just puts it in the low-growth rather than the rest of the pie, which is more medium growth.
Bill Sperry: Maybe the other thing that I would say is embedded is some of those investments will drive a higher level of productivity that's embedded in our guidance. So when you look at the construct of flat price cost productivity, it has a higher level of productivity and higher level of inflation in it to offset it. So that's where some of those investments are going.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, you'd be kind of maybe asking a little bit about a speculative sensitivity analysis, right, so, you can see, each point - each point of price gets us north, obviously, of $50 million of price and it's that - that's a lot of leverage if there is no corresponding inflation to that. Conversely, if you have to give a little it equally has kind of this 100% sort of drop through, and so as Gerben sort of outlined, I think we have because of the investments we made last year, we have a more ambitious productivity target level and we certainly see some inflation on wage transportation area as well as in kind of a material-related areas. So, I think getting the rigor that we need to focus on all of those levers to come out even or ahead is sort of a - it's an obsession. We review it really carefully every month at Gerben and my level and continue to push enough initiatives to make sure we stay even or ahead.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think we - you could put in about $40 million of incremental interest expense and I think the drop through of 25 on volume is reasonable. I'd rather see that more like 30, but somewhere in that high 20s is reasonable I think.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so we've - you see, we have interest income there as a plus and interest expense as a minus, so we sort of built to construct that, it's either cash that's going to earn or, yes, it's going to be available to pay down, and I guess - so I guess the one thing I'd say is, it's explicit that we're not modeling in our guidance any new acquisitions and so that would be incremental to this guide.
Bill Sperry: Yes, the volume was - it was negative, right, so it ate into the price. Volume was slightly positive, Joe, sorry.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so the increment - so we've been running at $1 for a while, so the $0.60 that's new is all in Utility so as you separate them. And when you think about the amortization, a lot of it is going to customer value and in places that have quite a long - by long, I mean like 20-year, so it's a pretty stable - it's a pretty stable run rate.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would assume they're kind of flattish through the - like I don't think there's anything - I think I look maybe at the shape of '23 because I know exactly what you're observing, right? You see a sequential step down in margin, some of that is attributable to some spending investing that we're doing, some of it is attributable to the Aclara mix effect, some of it is attributable to the fact that the volumes inside of Power Systems were going through their destocking work with our customer channels partners. And - so I think, again, we just see that, Chris, returning to a more normal shape, and so I think the volume piece of Power Systems becomes quite important to that. I think we see the mix with Aclara start to balance to equal - more equal contributions. And so I think in a balanced world, we would expect margins in Q1 and Q4 to be below the margins in Q2 and Q3 and that that shape in '24 should feel quite normal.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, we certainly saw starting November, December steel move and I would say the way that works through the supply chain, there's usually a couple of months lag on when we as a LIFO company pay those most recent prices. So I think we'll feel those prices - those costs, if you will, in the first quarter, and maybe mid to end of the first quarter.
Bill Sperry: Yes, it's an interesting way to phrase the question. I had come at it from two perspectives. The first, you already raised, which is we're very comfortable with our leverage levels, so we think financially, we certainly can afford to invest in acquisitions. And I would say, secondly, is kind of the integration perspective, and We'd like to make sure that we have Systems Control well-integrated, we've got a healthy amount of people kind of working together, so off to a great start. Our customers are happy with it. Feels like a good cultural fit. But it still takes work to make sure that it's integrated and we don't want to have too many plates spinning. So, your question maybe, well, revisited three months from now, but I agree with you that strategically we'd love to add businesses in the Northeast and financially - Northeast of this two-by-two matrix of higher-growth, higher-margin. And yes, we feel we have capacity both in - cash flow generation will be up in the $800 million range this year plus, as you pointed out, I think balance sheet capacity. So, we are - so I think let's just revisit that question maybe in three months and see how we feel, but it's a good one, it's a good question.
Bill Sperry: Yes, there is - there is a pretty decent pipeline and there's quite a few things we're expecting to at least probe the market in the second half of the year, so that doesn't mean we'll buy any of those or that they'll be attractive, but there is an interesting amount of what appears to be inventory maybe coming to market, so.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just wanted to focus on the 2024 bridge and if we think about it, I guess in three buckets with the organic piece, the M&A piece, and then some of the restructuring, is it fair to think about a 25% incremental on the organic piece? And then on the M&A side of things, can you add any detail on what you think interest expense is in '24, just so we get that right in the model, and does that interest expense contemplate the deployment of Resi Lighting proceeds? Thanks.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. And then on the Electrical side, can you size roughly what the destock headwind was to top-line growth in '23? And so just kind of the non-repeat of that, what we should think about that kind of contribution to the plus 3 to 4 for '24.
Joe O'Dea: Yes, sorry, just 9% whole organic, so slightly positive volume. Got it. All right, great. Thanks very much.
