Lee Mcchesney: Thank you, Don and good morning, everyone. Moving to slide seven, I will now review our free cash flow performance. Free cash flow improved $242 million versus prior year behind a strong operational performance and earnings growth. Now please keep in mind that a free cash outflow in the first quarter is in line with normal working capital seasonality, which was somewhat amplified by the strong demand to start the year as compared to historically slower period for the business. Working capital balances also are higher than prior year as you work to serve the strong demand as well as improve the inventory positions for us and our customers. Now, despite the higher balances, working capital turns hit 7.1 a one point turn improvement versus prior year. We remain confident that we will do with a strong cash flow generation for the year inclusive of CapEx investments to support further growth. We will continue to drive working capital efficiency across the company in combination with a strong earnings performance. I’d now like to give you a quick update on commodity inflation. As many of you follow, steel and resin represent the two largest commodity exposures, and they have been impacted by rapid spot market increases as a global supply chain responds to the surge of demand and temporary supply gaps. This dynamic has occurred across many of our key commodities, opponents finished goods that we purchase. We now expect inflation headwinds to approximate $235 million, which is up $160 million versus our previous outlook of $75 million. Currency however, remains at $45 million positive offset to this cost pressure. The drivers of the incremental inflation are steel, resins, copper, aluminum, and some purchase materials such as batteries and electrical components. And as a reminder, we generally lock in our supply agreements one to two quarters in advance. And this pressure has to work its way through inventory and therefore, the majority of this year-over-year headwinds will be realized in the second half of the year. In response, we are initiating additional pricing and productivity actions, which will partially offset the 2021 impact of the headwinds as well provide a significant carryover benefits into 2022. We believe these actions can offset about a third to a half of the 160 million incremental headwinds, and I've included that assumption in our guidance. Additionally, we continue to have approximately $100 million of margin resiliency available over the balance of the year, which is not included in our guidance today. This will act as an additional contingency to help us offset any incremental headwinds that may materialize or support a better margin outcome for the full year. We are remaining agile in our response to inflation and are leveraging the SPD operating model to continue to deliver the strong margin levels we've established in full year 2020 and implied in our guidance for 2021. With that, I'll turn it back over to Don, who will walk you through our updated guidance.
Lee Mcchesney: Yes, I think you said it. Well, it's volatile. But we are we are off promoting on the action side, it's going on in all three businesses. Some have been announced. But we're in conversations with, with all really all parties. And then I remind everyone, we still have our margin resiliency contingency, where we have $100 million, that's not in our guidance. So if inflation was to creep up, we have some coverage there. And, I think we've built a pretty good place.
Lee Mcchesney: Yes, I'll just add one thing to that. One thing we are doing is, as we bring up these new plants in Mexico, we are building out the supply base in Mexico with it. And so, to Jim's point, whenever we do get to the stage where we can ship, more production from China into Mexico as an example, the supply base will be well established and well connected to our existing facilities at that stage.
Jim Loree: We'll get there eventually. I would say, unfortunately, or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, but the volume you're spot on the volume has precluded any major shift, although you get minor shifts, because the waiting, the change in waiting just from having the additional production in, in these places. But the reality is, in when you're trying to serve, demand, that's up 45%, year-over-year, the opportunity to do production shifts is essentially, limited. And so once the demand returns to what I would call more historical levels, and at some point, it undoubtedly well, then the trend will be in great shape in terms of, we have the plans and programs, we have the people all set up to do it, we just need a window of opportunity to make that happen. And in the meantime, we'll continue to serve the demand that we have.
Jim Loree: Yes, the commodity headwinds is close to $200 million in the second half. So a large portion that $235 is hitting us in the second half. So which really is a good lead into your first part of your question, which, I do think the operating margin for the company in Q2 will be somewhere around 15%, maybe a little bit higher than 15%, then the back half, it'll be somewhere between 14% and 14.5%, depending on how -- where the demand goes and, and our success and really offsetting that headwind along the lines I described. And so for the full year, our operating margin rate will be up modestly year-over-year. When you look at the big drivers of that clearly a large part of that is in our tools business, because that's where a large part of the commodity headwind is focused at this stage. And so for the second quarter, tool should be around 19%, maybe a little bit better 19% than 19%. And in the back half, it'll be around 17% to 17.5% margins. And so we look at that and we say that's just slightly below our 18% to 20% range that we laid out there and we just want to remind everybody that range wasn't necessarily applicable for every single quarter, it was more about an annual performance and a long term performance as well. And so for the year, we would expect the tools operating margin rate to be, somewhere between 18.5% and 19%. And which would be a significant increase over last year's margin rate of 18.3%.
Jim Loree: Yes. So I mean, it's fairly straightforward, in the sense that it's batteries, semiconductors. We don't have resin shortages, per se. So, some I know some manufacturers are facing resin shortages. That's not our issue. Batteries, I think we have pretty much solved the problem that if the second half, if the second half growth accelerates beyond the guidance. First of all, we're good at the guidance level. And if we're only talking about would upside ever be constrained, batteries, no issue. And I made a trip to Asia, specifically to free up battery capacity for the second half. And we were successful in that regard. So batteries are no issue and it just comes down to semiconductors and how many hundreds of millions of dollars of more upside versus what's in the guidance as it relates to revenue can we achieve before we start running into shortages. And we're working on that issue as well. And we think we have some ability to make headway on that as in that regard as well.
Jim Loree: Yes, I think our e-commerce strategy was born about 10 years ago, or so when we did the Black & Decker merger with Stanley. And at that time, e-commerce was zero, or close to zero, just a smidge. And year-after-year after year, we worked hard developing that channel after the acquisition or the merger. And last year, we were up in almost $1.8 billion of revenue. And not only did we do it with the major e-commerce player in the United States, but we did it systematically around the globe. And so pretty much everywhere you look we have deep relationships with the big B2B, B2C players, and a flourishing business and that channel shift, that occurred last year, when the percent of revenue went from 12% to 18%. And Tools was truly remarkable. And now, with almost 2x e-commerce growth in the first quarter, that 1.7 billion plus business has incredibly strong prospects globally for this year. And instead of resting on our laurels, and just enjoying that advantage, because we share about a three to one relative market share advantage in that channel, globally. Instead of resting on laurels, we have taken a really significant investments in this channel in beginning of the fourth quarter, third, third, third, fourth quarter of last year and then accelerating into 2021. To the extent that we now have big teams of people working on this project. B2B, B2C around the globe as well as we're starting to go in markets where we are under indexed. So take, for example, China, India, and Germany. And we are investing in D2C capability. And we'll be doing a lot in that regard because those channels are so difficult to penetrate, given the existing share positions of the players that are out there today. So I would say that the share gains are coming from the major power tools, players and other tools, and then maybe in hand tools, is where the minor where local players. And I think that's going to continue, we'll see, we'll see how the e-commerce investments grow in the industry over time, and I would expect them to, but right now, we have a big first mover advantage, and we are pressing the accelerator to the floor to make sure that we sustain that advantage for as long as possible.
Jim Loree: Sure, Marcus. Yes, we actually holding up France as an example. And that's why I use that, in my comments is really what the business could be. Because they've taken the SaaS solutions, which really drive a lot of value with the customers were. So it's taking data from video analytics, and doing analysis and really helping our customers run their business more efficiently and effectively. And so they're ahead of the rest of the business in the geographies of electronic security. And they've been aggressively rolling this out. And they've, they've used the pandemic as an opportunity to work with our customers. To help them with the areas I described to ensure they achieved higher levels of productivity. They make better business decisions around in the case of if it's a retail operation, where their products are located in a store, when they do discounting and revenue and sales opportunities, etcetera. So this is a great pilot example of what the business can achieve. And then the North American business and the Nordics business in particular, is gaining some traction in this space as well. They're probably three or four quarters behind where France is, but we really see this as an exciting opportunity to continue to transform the business and a great pilot and as an example of what can be done.
Jim Loree: Perfect Nicole. So as we highlighted earlier, we give you the 21 number. It's yes, I'd say it's the equivalent maybe $150 million to $200 million of potential pressure in 2022. There is a bit of a topic out there of is this inflation going to continue, because there has been some supply disruptions. But right now we're going with the mindset that it will. And accordingly, that's why we're working on the pricing actions to get the benefit. You'll see this year but, next year, you'll actually have a potential scenario where you actually have more benefits than we have head wins.
Jim Loree: Yes, I mean, the POS continues to be very robust, and it's in those numbers that we provided back in January in that range and the trends continue. And so we, we believe that we're gaining very significant share, but there also is a pretty strong market demand as well, that's occurring right now. And so it's difficult to gauge exactly at this stage, in the short window, how much is share gain versus market growth. But I think it's more slanted towards share gain than it is market growth at this stage. And, and so I think that's the right way to think about it, though, the proof will be in the pudding, two or three quarters from now when we're able to look at what the actual GDP performance was, and what the performance was for certain trends in the tool industry. But I believe that if you look at these rates right now, probably at least half of it is related to share gains, if not more.
Jim Loree: Yes, I think you've covered it, very well done. But the only thing I would say is I, I think we're going to be able to solidify the base, and then get back to a more normal, kind of 5% to 10% kind of growth type environment after that. That's my best guess right now, just based on, everything I know about the secular trends in particular. You think of what all the different things we mentioned a number of them. But the resurgence of DIY, there's a whole generation of people now that have become familiar with DIY. We have a whole generation of people that are using DeWalt [Ph] Black & Decker, and other Craftsman, other tools that will continue to add to their collections. We have the reconnection with home and garden that Don referenced. Outdoor seems to be the electrification seems to be taken off in a big way. And of course, we'll enjoy electrifying the small gas engine market, when we do the MTD acquisition, which is in our planning assumptions for the second half of this year, in terms of executing the option, and we don't know when that will close and when that closes, not necessarily in our guidance. And then there's the urban exodus. There was a big article in the Wall Street Journal front page today about that. So this whole notion of gradual exodus from urban centers into suburban and rural areas, there's a tremendous amount of home improvement and home sales that go on as a result of that. And that is a generational thing as well. And, and on and on and on. So I just believe the base is preservable. I think our forecast for the second half, is on the conservative side. And in all likelihood, we'll see that base preserved in the second half and my my view, but we have some of the other uncertainties out there relative to inflation and other things that I think we took a very prudent approach to our guidance, we had a great increase. And, just the share gain in general with the company and our e-commerce, our e-commerce share, which is definitely an on-going, an on-going phenomenon. So on balance, I think anybody that's looking for a big contraction in 2022 is probably going to miss the boat. And we'll see.
