Jeffery D. Ansell: Thank you, Don. The Irwin and Lenox integrations continue to progress smoothly with cost and revenue synergies on track. We have successfully executed distribution center integrations in all regions. Notably, we completed the Irwin North America transfer into our North Carolina distribution center in February. These moves have improved service levels to the mid-90s from pre-acquisition performance in the low 80s. Additionally, we have completed warehouse migrations into our U.K. and Belgium facilities, and with several warehouse moves now complete, the vast majority of Irwin/Lenox product is now in Stanley Black & Decker facilities. From a commercial perspective, we are seeing great traction globally with the Irwin and Lenox brands. We are excited to announce an Irwin brand revitalization partnership with Bunnings, the largest home improvement retailer in Australia. In addition, we are delivering revenue synergies in global emerging markets, led by countries like Brazil and Mexico. Lenox is also generating momentum. As an example, our Lenox band saw business is up double-digits. Regarding the Craftsman integration, the legacy product lines are demonstrating growth with existing customers like Ace. In addition, we acquired Waterloo, the preeminent manufacturer of domestic metal storage products, in July of 2017, and are leveraging it to produce a full range of Craftsman made-in-the-USA metal storage products that are now ready to ship. As you could see, the acquisition integrations are proceeding nicely, with much of the remaining milestones to be completed by mid-year. Importantly, all brands, namely Irwin, Lenox, and Craftsman, delivered mid-single digit pro forma growth in Q1, consistent with our mid-single-digit core business growth. Shifting to an update on the relaunch of the Craftsman brand, we have over 1,000 new products in development for the second half 2018 rollout. To build awareness and excitement for the relaunch, we will begin to promote a portfolio of 30 Craftsman relaunch products, which includes mechanic's tool sets, portable storage, metal storage, flashlights, and more. At Lowe's, you could already see the first Craftsman relaunch items available online, and they are delivering strong performance. Additionally, there will be in-store promotional support for Father's Day. As planned, the broader set of over 1,000 Craftsman products will begin the rollout process in the second half of 2018, with completion in the first half of 2019, as planned. Ace will continue to support legacy Craftsman range until the second half of 2018, when they will begin to transition to the new Craftsman offerings, which will be completed during 2019. Ace will also participate in promotional support for Father's Day. Regarding Amazon, Craftsman metal storage products are slated to roll out in latter 2018 and our plan is to have the broader product portfolio added during 2019. While plans and projections remain on track with these customers, we continue to pursue additional channel opportunities across the globe. User and customer excitement remains high. With that said, now I'd like to turn it back to Jim to wrap up today's presentation.
Jeffery D. Ansell: Thanks Don. In terms of manufacturing strategy around Craftsman, so we acquired an existing legacy business that had existing legacy products. The launch that begins this second quarter promotionally across Lowe's, across [indiscernible], and then replicate it promotionally with both of those customers and with Amazon in the fourth quarter, those will be relaunch products, ground-up Stanley designed, Stanley manufactured products, and so far it's going really well, 1,000 products in development, but 30 of those products are manufactured at this point, but they include products that we are really good at manufacturing. So, hand tools manufactured in the United States, metal storage products and plastic storage products manufactured in the United States, power tools manufactured in the United States. So, all of those things look really promising and rollout plans look really good. We will improve the margins from what we acquired. The legacy margins of Craftsman were much worse. But as Jim and Don said, in the early stages they will be dilutive to our line average margins.
Jeffery D. Ansell: This is Jeff. I'll take the question. The outdoor business for us is just a little less than 5% of the total Tools business, obviously seasonal. So, we did see pressure in that business in the first three months of the year, probably like every company that participates there, based on weather pattern. So, what we thought was the coldest March in four years and it comps against what was a pretty good first quarter last year for most seasonal companies. So, with that said, our listings remained very good, lot of addition, so new Black & Decker innovative items as well as new DEWALT innovative items. So the placements looked quite good. We do expect it to come back in the second quarter. What you do tend to find with outdoor is that just because of the compact nature of the season, it doesn't come back 100%, there's just not enough time for that to happen. So, we do expect some recovery in the second quarter in the guidance we have provided, not a full recovery, but again, it is a relatively small percentage of the total business, and we continue to do quite well in that area.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Okay, I'll take that. This is Don. So, I'm not going to say anything specific about the impact of Craftsman throughout the year, but what I can tell you is that as we go throughout the year, and I think we talked about this back in January as well, the organic growth for Tools will improve a little bit in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So when you think about it kind of incrementally, 6% performance in Q1, you see a bit of improvement in Q2 as some of the Craftsman products start to roll out, although modestly. And then you'll start to see it improve again in the third quarter incrementally versus the second quarter. And then the fourth quarter will probably be a little bit down from the third quarter but not significantly. So, if you think about that kind of trend and how this rollout is going to work, a lot of the rollout may be more third quarter weighted than fourth quarter weighted, but we'll see how that plays out. So, think about the trend that way and a lot of that's being driven by the impact of Craftsman combined with, as a reminder, the cannibalization that has to happen during the second and third quarter as well as the fourth quarter. So there's product going in from Craftsman and there's some product coming out of some of our other brands. But I think that's the best way to think about that trend. There's no real unusual cost per se. We have baked in into our margin profile for the four quarters really the impact of this shift in products from Craftsman and we are moving some of our other brands which we have previously mentioned will have a modest dilutive impact on the Tools business in the Company from a margin perspective. You also have the dynamic of commodity inflation as I mentioned that as a result you'll see margins in Tools & Storage will be down again year-over-year in the second quarter but not as significantly down as it was in the first quarter. And as we migrate to the third quarter, you'll see some incremental year-over-year improvement in margins and then a more significant improvement in the fourth quarter as all the full pricing actions go into place. So, I think that's the best way to think about it at this stage.
Donald Allan, Jr.: And on the second question related to the first half/second half, which is a very good question to ask, and clearly this year is a little bit different from a profile view, and when you think about really two factors that are driving that. The first half of the year will have roughly 40% to 41% of our full-year EPS performance in the first half. Historically it's probably closer to 45%. So that's roughly $0.35 to $0.40 of EPS that's shifting. The biggest driver is commodity inflation. And so, we have significant commodity inflation. Jim mentioned $50 million in the first quarter, really no price recovery on that $50 million of any significance. We'll have some partial recovery in the second quarter, but still we'll have a significant component of it that will not be recovered. And then you have the added dynamic of the Craftsman rollout in the back half where you're getting a nice benefit of that rollout not only on the organic line but also in dollars of OM and in EPS. So it's really those two factors that are driving first half versus second half when you compare it to our traditional trend. And we are very confident in our pricing actions that we have laid out there. We have really two ways of them. We had 150 million of commodity inflation that we started the year. We said back in January that about 60% to 70% of that would be recovered in the year. We still feel good about that. So that's roughly $100 million of recovery that starts to be implemented in the second quarter and fully executed in the third quarter. Now there is a new wave of 30 million of commodity inflation that's happening, and we still feel the same about recovery. We actually think we can get 60% to 70% of that in 2018. However, those actions won't begin to be implemented until sometime in the mid to second stage of the third quarter. And we feel pretty confident in our ability to do that because we've been focused on different surgical things that we can do in the area of pricing. As we mentioned before, these usually are not broad-based price increases. Occasionally we do that to certain categories where we think it's appropriate, but the vast majority of this price increase across the Company is more surgical where we see opportunity because of the inflation but we see opportunity because of our pricing versus our competitors.
Donald Allan, Jr.: So, we actually like the Nelson Fastener acquisition. Obviously we think it's a great addition to our industrial fastener business. So, within Engineered Fastening, we have the automotive piece and we have industrial fasteners. This fits very well to that particular part of the business and it brings some nice additional products and technology that really is a great addition to that particular business. So, a great addition to the portfolio, a continued expansion of really our niche expertise within fasteners that we can add value to our customers. On your question related to the accretion and the impact from Nelson, it is modest, and so the bulk of the positive accretion of that $0.15 is coming from price. The next significant piece is a little bit of productivity and other cost actions. And then the smaller piece or the third piece of it is the Nelson contribution, because we do have interest cost associated with funding it and obviously we do have intangible costs as well. So, in particular in the first year, it really offsets a lot of the OM accretion that we're going to experience with that business, but as we go into next year, we'll see a nice uplift from that.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yes, just a reminder, back in January I made the comment that as we go through the year and probably in the back half of the year, we'll give a little better sense of how we think that program is going to play out in light of what Jim just said. On the margin side, yes, the margins of Craftsman, as we said, are below line average and that's something that we recognize. We think through the things that we're going to do related to innovation and then bringing in the products in our manufacturing system, but I'll ask Jeff to give you a little more color on that particular program and how that's proceeding in our plan over the next three years. However, it's beginning in a situation that will be pressured to our margin. However, we do believe because of the size of our business, our Tools & Storage business, that over the time horizon we will continue to be able to grow margins even with that pressure and that [indiscernible] have any impact here in 2018 and likely in 2019 as well, but innovation will help us improve the margins and then the manufacturing strategy as well, and I think Jeff can give us a little more color on what our manufacturing strategy is and the status of that.
Donald Allan, Jr.: So, I'll take that. As we look at history, inflationary times, the 60% to 70% that I mentioned for this year in 2018 is actually consistent with history in the first year. Then we obviously have a carryover effect into the next year of that impact. I would say that we never really fully recover all the commodity inflation, but we get pretty close, maybe 90% recovery when you look at it over a two-year period of time, maybe 2.5 to 3 years depending on the cycle that you are going through. And so, history would say that that's probably what's going to happen and I think what we're doing here in 2018 and 2019 probably be very similar to that. Productivity is something allows us to offset that 30% or so or 35% that we have in the first year, then anything remaining, 10% or so, that occurs in the subsequent year over that two-year time horizon, we utilize that. I mean, our productivity continues to be significant and it's something that we drive throughout our supply chain on an annual basis, as Jim mentioned.
Donald Allan, Jr.: And just a reminder, we haven't had an inflationary cycle like this in quite some time. But if you do look at our history and you want to go back that far, you will see that our approach that we are taking this year is very, very similar to what we've done in the past. And we believe given where we stand in the market with the brands that we have and the products that we have and the innovation associated with that, we have the ability to take these actions and be successful because we do it, as I described earlier, in a surgical way, in a way that we really can be targeted to where it makes sense to do versus doing broad-based price increases.
Donald Allan, Jr.: And I would just add that a capped call, based on what Jim just said, really gives us a lot of flexibility and that's the benefit of doing something like that at what we would view as a very reasonable price. So, on the Industrial question, there's two factors driving our view of the segment for the full year. The automotive systems impact will be ongoing throughout the year. So that will be a pressure to Engineered Fastening that might subside in the fourth quarter, but it's likely to continue throughout the entire year. And then the second dynamic is Oil & Gas. As I mentioned in my commentary, we continue to see low level of activities associated with pipeline construction, and as a result we expect pressure to their business year-over-year. As they saw a really nice performance last year, certain pipelines were constructed here in the U.S. or North America. We don't see the same level of activity right now. So, there's those two large dynamics that are driving that throughout the remainder of the year.
James M. Loree: Great. Okay, I'll start with the question on M&A. I assume what you are referring to in terms of a recent transaction was the sale of Greenlee and some other tool brands to Emerson which was announced this week for $810 million. It's probably the first tool transaction in a long time that we haven't actually closed on. So, I appreciate the question. I can tell you that we think Greenlee is a good asset with a certain value. When we got into the process of looking at it, the value, given some other attributes of the particular asset, of $810 was just a bit more than we had an appetite for. So, very, very good asset and we wish Emerson all the best with that, we don't have to own everything, but we are very disciplined when it comes to value, price, et cetera, on these types of things. Pipeline itself is very good, very good, and our digestion of what we have already acquired is going well. So, you can only imagine that sometime in the not-too-distant future you will continue to see acquisitions from Stanley Black & Decker, and as we said in the past, you can potentially see those anywhere in the portfolio because we really believe that if we own an asset or we own a particular business and it's part of the portfolio, then that should indicate that we should be willing to invest capital in it because it has a future and a bright future. So, pipeline is robust and we are selective though, and I think that Greenlee is a good indication of that discipline.
James M. Loree: And I'd like to make an additional comment on pricing because there is a lot of discussion surrounding pricing and whether we have pricing power in some of our industries, et cetera, and the reality is, when inflation is incremental and very modest but significant, it is somewhat difficult to get price in some of our markets because there isn't a significant story to go to the customers with and the channels with. When we get big slugs of inflation, like we've got this year, those conversations aren't easy but they are successful in general because it's just the reality of the situation. We are in business to make money and in order to do that we have to achieve price increases to offset some of that inflation. And I think the other thing to mention is that every year we generate 3% to 4% productivity very reliably. And so, to the extent that price does not necessarily cover all of the inflation, it is still possible to have margin accretion in this business because of the productivity that we consistently generate as a result of SFS 2.0 and other activities that we are pursuing.
James M. Loree: Yes, keeping in mind that it's basically a $200 million revenue bolt-on acquisition, it does not have a dramatic impact.
James M. Loree: I'll have Don answer the margin part of the question, but I would start by saying that when we acquired Craftsman, the assumptions that we utilized were based on a fair amount of uncertainty as it relates to how the commercial conversations would go with customers. We had a sense that they would be positive, but a sense that they would be positive versus actually having an agreement, there is a pretty wide kind of variability between those two things. And as I think most people have gleamed by now, the conversations have materialized into some pretty good results for the commercial agreements. And therefore, I guess going back to when we gave the guidance and the parameters for what we expected, we said it would be a billion-dollar deal but it would take 10 years. With all that uncertainty, obviously we were very cautious and careful in terms of the timeframe. You can all come to your own conclusions about how that timeframe might be changing because the success of the conversations have gone so well. From our perspective, it's premature to change what we've said previously, but I can assure you that the directional aspects of this are favorable, and there will be more granularity coming out as the programs develop.
James M. Loree: Yes, but just for clarity, on the margins we're talking specifically about margin rate, and the margin dollars will be significantly [indiscernible].
James M. Loree: I would say the change has been occurring over a longer period of time and the competitive intensity has gradually increased. But in terms of short-term changes, it's pretty much business as usual in the commercial industry. The industry still remains incredibly fragmented despite the fact that we have a very large, one very large player and another one that's increasingly getting into commercial. So, nothing really notable there. I think there is a more strategic issue that we're dealing with and we'll deal with as we go forward, which is how do we reshape the value proposition of the business to make it even more differentiated than it is today.
James M. Loree: I mean the bottom line is, we are confident in getting the price level that we've talked about, and the expectation that we would get more is probably unrealistic and that productivity will do the job that we have talked about. So, I wouldn't bet on more price percentage recovery than has already been indicated, but if more inflation comes, you can stand confident that we will continue to offset that in proportion to previous recovery increases that we have talked about.
James M. Loree: Yes, and I would say the linkage also between our supply management organization and our commercial organizations in terms of understanding what the impact is as it's happening in real time, making that connection with the commercial organization and coming up with tactics in the strategy and the tactics that are required to recover the price with the help of the financial organization, I think is a very tight process here and one that's been refined, as I mentioned, over the years.
James M. Loree: Actually I'll take the capped call question and then Don will answer the Industrial question to the extent possible. But the opportunity at this level to lock-in what we view as a very favorable share repurchase price was something that we elected to take because we really feel that the future of the Company is very bright, and therefore locking in at today's levels is a sensible thing to do. Now why did we not just buy the stock, I guess is the question with that as the context. And the answer is, I mentioned earlier the M&A pipeline is fairly robust. So, when we make trade-offs between should we buy a very, very significant quantity of stock at this moment or should we lock in the price and wait to buy it in the future because we have a few things in the M&A pipeline that might come to fruition, all that goes into the thought process that ended up in the result of doing what we did with respect to the derivative.
James M. Loree: The emerging markets is a major growth theme for us. It's something that we have invested heavily in over the last three or four years, something we have developed strategies for the emerging markets that involve several elements, including expanding our feet on the street, beefing up our management structure, undertaking some pretty significant product development over time to create MPP products and hand tools, corded power tools and cordless power tools, and just all-in-all really taking SFS 2.0 and driving it into the emerging market world and with great success, some of which has been masked over the past few years by massive foreign exchange headwinds that we've had which totaled hundreds of millions of dollars over the past four years and have now subsided. So, now what you're seeing I think is the confluence of all those operational things that I talked about as well as the abatement of the FX headwinds, and the growth is excellent. The market share increases are taking place. It is almost pervasive across most of the emerging markets. There's a few areas that we are still kind of working to get to perfect the equation, but all in all it's a great story and it's something that I appreciate you asking the question because we don't talk that much about it, but I think you'll find that that will fuel growth here in the future. As far as the margins, the gross margins are surprisingly consistent with the line average. The operating margin tends to be just a little bit lower because we are investing heavily in what I talked about. So, to the extent that we invested a little less heavily, which we have the flexibility to do if and when we want to do that, the operating margins will be very consistent with the line average. In the meantime, we are investing in growth.
