John F. Lundgren: Hey, thanks, Greg. Good morning, everybody. We are fortunate to be in a position to report another healthy operational quarter featuring strong organic growth as well as margin expansion. You saw in the press release, organic growth was 6% offset by currency which was a negative 8%, and as a consequence, net sales were down 2%, as the foreign exchange headwinds we've talked about on past calls continue at historically high levels. This was the fifth consecutive quarter of organic growth, at or above 6% for the company on a combined basis, with impressive growth once again, from the Tools & Storage business, 9%. Jim will give you a lot more segment detail in just a minute. Our operating margin rate expanded to a post-merger record of 14.8%, which is 70 basis points ahead of third quarter 2014. And we attribute this to volume, with sharp cost focus, price realization in both developed and emerging markets and commodity deflation that, together, delivered robust operating leverage, despite $70 million in foreign currency pressure during the quarter. And we opportunistically repurchased about $200 million worth of shares within the quarter, capitalizing on the recent U.S. equity market declines. So the combination of organic growth and the margin expansion led the third quarter fully diluted EPS of $1.55, which is up 1% versus prior year, as the strong operational performance more than offset tax and restructuring headwinds. Specifically, the third quarter tax rate that Don will talk about, of 24.5% with 540 basis points higher than prior year, while restructuring charges in the quarter were approximately $14 million higher than the third quarter of 2014. So the restructuring charges were about a $0.07 (3:47) EPS headwind during the quarter. As a consequence of our third quarter performance and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we're increasing 2015's full year GAAP EPS guidance range to $5.80 to $5.95, and that's up from our prior guidance of $5.70 to $5.90. So, up 8% to 11% versus the prior year. Not surprisingly, I'm just really pleased with our organization's demonstrable agility in delivering both organic growth and operating leverage in such a dynamic operating environment. Organic growth remained strong, but diving just a little bit deeper into the sources of our growth, it was broad-based. Volume grew 5% and was aided by 100 basis points of price realization, from a combination of efforts to combat the currency headwinds in many of our markets overseas, and the implementation of surgical pricing actions domestically, resulting in a total of 6% organic growth for the quarter. As already mentioned the foreign exchange headwinds remained severe and they detracted 8 percentage points from our performance during the quarter. All geographies grew mid-single digits, with the U.S. leading the pack and Europe growing well above market rates. Our emerging market group in the rest of the world also posted solid growth despite doing no business in Venezuela and softness in Russia, China, and Australia. Interestingly, Japan grew 8% driven by strong STANLEY Engineered Fastening performance in the automotive markets. Let's take a closer look at the segments and Jim is going to walk you through that in a lot more detail.
John F. Lundgren: Don is going to give you the view on price going forward, to the extent we're going to talk about it for 2016. And then Jim, I think, can give you a little deeper dive on Industrial and our thoughts.
John F. Lundgren: Jim, talk about the three pieces. Obviously, Rich, you're aware that STANLEY Engineered Fastening is the overwhelming majority of our Industrial segment. But they really are responding to some very different market dynamics.
John F. Lundgren: The only thing I'd add, Rich, and we'll move on, when Jim talked about the North American markets in our sub-segments, he mentioned obviously oil and gas, mining, ag, and the relatively depressed prices in the scrap steel market has had an impact on our hydraulics business. Of course, demolition, as you know, is a very large part of that. So we've got those headwinds in a couple of our smaller businesses, but a modestly healthy environment in Engineered Fastening, both domestically and abroad. I mentioned a bright spot in Japan for us, which was quite encouraging, and the business is doing quite well.
John F. Lundgren: Rank has its privileges and I'm going to let Don try to tackle that one. There are a lot of moving pieces, Mike. But I think Don can kind of tie a little bit of a bow on it for you.
John F. Lundgren: And Jeremie, it's John. Just to add to that, both in terms of our drive for margins and share gain, more from a qualitative perspective, but I think it's demonstrable. In the past two months we've been named category-specific Vendor of the Year by our two largest customers. Never before, at least in our history, I've been here 11 years and Jim and Don 15 years, have we achieved such coveted and prestigious recognition from our two largest customers in the same year. And I think if nothing else, or just anecdotally, that's a tribute to the strength of our brand, the strength of the programs, and the commercial execution that Jim was talking about. And obviously, those kinds of things are leading to share gain and we're pleased with that.
John F. Lundgren: Sure. Sure, Jeff. Very fair. To give you some numbers because it – boy, they're all over the place, but Latin America, what we call our Latin American group organically grew 13%. Brazil, which is the largest by far market, we grew 4% organically. But obviously, we're suffering some huge currency headwinds that Don talked about. But we have smaller countries, Venezuela, as I say where we've done zero business essentially for about the last six quarters. We had good performance in Mexico, good performance in Colombia; Brazil as I say, up low-single digits, which gave us low-double digit growth in Latin America. Country-specific, they represent a small percentage of our volume, but Russia was down 30%, China was down 28%. We think that's not inconsistent with the markets in general. The silver lining in the clouds for us particularly in China is the expansion of our mid-price-point product offerings, locally produced by a subsidiary that we control. We think that in and of itself is going to help us a lot, but we we're working off some high comps. The bad news is we're down 25% to 30% in both Russia and China. The good news is those are very small markets and a small base. So $2 million, $3 million, $4 million of improvement will bring us back to where we were. What we're doing about it? I think the simplest way to describe it, we aren't withdrawing, we aren't cutting back, we've stopped adding feet on the street and variable cost resources at the pace we were adding them, but we haven't cut anything, and we're reallocating resources within our emerging market group, Asia, and to a lesser extent Latin America, because we just think those are still huge economies, 45% or 46% of our business is still outside the U.S., that includes Europe, of course, and we're not going to withdraw our support for those markets. So, a long answer to a simple question, but I think the huge volatility in certain countries gives you a flavor for how we're approaching it. It's much more a question we're reallocating resources as opposed to cutting them, because we're in these bit markets for the long haul.
John F. Lundgren: Sure. Fair question. Don will give you a little detail, but I guess from top of the house, I can say we feel as good or better about these businesses as we have in the past. You talked about Europe; they're delivering on their commitments, which pleases us and pleases the folks there. And we think we have the right people in the right chairs. And we think we understand what the issues are within North American Security. Don has been spending a lot of time with that team. So let me have him give you a little more granularity.
John F. Lundgren: I would say, Tim, it's a really good question, and I would say no. Lithium-ion, if you think about it relative to NiCad, it was a better mousetrap, more power, longer run times, better for the environment, and the only issue was cost. And like any technological breakthrough, when you can get the cost in line, it's going to displace its predecessor. What we're seeing now and I don't think is a step function, I think to answer your question, which is a very fair one, and it's only one person's opinion that you're getting. That being said, the leverage for us is going to come from what I think we do best. We weren't the inventors of brushless. We obviously didn't invent, and we were a slow follower on the application of lithium-ion and things of that nature. Where I believe we've excelled, and I give tremendous credit to our global Tools & Storage team, both in the product development perspective, commercial execution, et cetera, is just the application of all of those technologies. The application of brushless, lithium-ion, the way we've been able to get more power, more run time combined with the DEWALT brand, good programs to support it, those are all, I would argue, incremental as opposed to step functions. And that's where our success has come the last two years or three years. Is there more on the horizon? I think, yeah. I think we can see we're cautiously optimistic about what our team has in the pipeline in terms of further advancements of those existing technologies, but I don't see anything in the application of those technologies, but I don't see another lithium-ion, if you will, breakthrough per se in the foreseeable future. But that doesn't mean we're not going to push those hard and get more than our fair share of the market growth by applying the technologies.
John F. Lundgren: I'll clarify the first one. The numbers that I gave, the growth rates or lack thereof in some of the emerging markets, were total company. That being said, with the exception of certain Asian markets, that is overwhelmingly Global Tools & Storage. As Don mentioned, Singapore, China, some, we got meaningful Security business, 20% of our total in those markets. But they were total company numbers which were overwhelmingly Tools & Storage. But Don, you want to talk about...
John F. Lundgren: Well, the Black & Decker brand domestically – I've got to bifurcate, Liam, but just from the perspective of Tools, it's overwhelmingly domestically a DIY brand, and it's performing really, really well. You'll find it in the home centers, but you'll also find it in big boxes like Target, like Walmart and places like that, where it's very, very well perceived. A large outlook for the Black & Decker brand, which I'm sure you're aware of, but I need to be careful to distinguish, it's in the home products, both in the U.S. and in Europe. The overwhelming majority of those products are licensed, as I'm sure you know, and we obviously receive a royalty for the use of that brand on products designed for use in the home and primarily in the kitchen secondarily. So, it's important to bifurcate. But in both cases, it's DIY non-professional, but premium quality for folks who are doing it not for a living, but folks who are serious about the product they purchase.
John F. Lundgren: Well, our strategy is always to grow our content for vehicle. And as you know, we're selling solutions. We're selling the equipment or the systems as well as the consumables that go with it. I am not going to get ahead of myself or ourselves or the business particularly as it relates to anything proprietary with our customers. But our strategy is always to increase the content per vehicle, and that in and of itself, is a great source of growth. And it's why we've been able to grow in some cases 2 times and 3 times the rate of light vehicle production. And what's playing to our strength there, and I know you understand our business very well, what's playing to our strength there is the lighter that the vehicles become, particularly aluminum, it plays to our strength when you can't well protect for obvious technical reasons, that advantages systems such as ours, so we're looking to grow that content, and that absolutely is the source of growth, all things being equal, above and beyond the growth of light vehicle production.
James M. Loree: Yeah, Rich. On pricing, I think it's a couple of dynamics. One is, certainly, we've been able to achieve positive pricing benefits because of some of the negative foreign exchange impact we've had in emerging markets in particular, and even a little bit in our European regions as well. So, as we import our products into those particular regions and we are impacted negatively by foreign currency, we obviously try to recoup as much of that as possible through pricing actions in the local market. With us having a continued headwind going into 2016, we will continue to be prudent about our approach in that area and go after specific price actions where it makes sense, given the different dynamics in those markets. So we do think there will be ability to gain some price in emerging markets as a result of that pressure from foreign currency. In more developed markets like the United States, or even Europe where we're manufacturing product and selling it within the region, pricing will continue to be an area that we stay very focused on. We've been heavily focused on specific surgical pricing actions in the last year-and-a-half to two years in those developed markets. We don't see any reason for that to change. I think the commodity deflation impact will be an area that we have to watch closely. It impacts certain types of products and it doesn't impact other products quite as much. And as I said, being surgical allows you to evaluate those types of decisions.
James M. Loree: Yes. I think, when you talk about Industrial, it always boils down to the sub-segments both geographically and also just sub-segments within industrial categories. And I think what we see right now in the North American market is a dichotomy between some of the more difficult end markets, such as oil and gas, mining and ag in particular, and then we see continued, I won't call it buoyancy, but maybe continued perseverance in the automotive market. So while automotive kind of chugs on, I think that's driven largely by the kind of the resurgence in consumer and also the ageing fleet. So automotive is very important to Engineered Fastening, about 40% of its revenues or so. And as long as automotive is healthy, that particular part of the business is going to be fairly healthy. And then, of course, electronics is the other big part of Engineered Fastening, another big part, and that continues to be strong as well. And then the general kind of MRO-related industrial, it's a function of kind of the accumulation of the sub-segments. And that is a little bit on the weak side right now in North America. You can see it from some of the results of the distributors that have actually come out; so a mixed bag in North America. We don't see it going negative at this point. It's flattish and maybe slightly up or slightly down, but kind of hovering around the flattish. And then Europe, Europe has been challenged in that flattish kind of a way for a long time, and we see a little bit of negative drag in Europe but nothing catastrophic at this point. I think the weak euro as much as the strong dollar has hurt exports in the U.S. The weak euro tends to have the potential to maybe boost the industrial in Europe a little bit. So I think on balance we do see some pressure in industrial. We have factored that into our thought process, but we don't see recessionary conditions, although industrial production is relatively weak in the aggregate right now.
James M. Loree: Sure. This is Jim. When we think about margins and margins through the cycle, we don't necessarily let the cycle drive the margins, per se. We tend to be much more proactive about it. So at the down part of the cycle, we're taking out cost at a very healthy pace. And as we enjoy the ride up the cycle, we don't back off in terms of some of the things that we do to maintain the upward pressure, everything we can do to maintain the upward pressure on margins. So I think the potential for what you're calling the peak cycle margin rate is quite high. And I think evidence of that is if this whole FX headwind hadn't occurred, we would be at record-margins for the company and the Tool business. So the things that we do are things like continuous productivity, 3% to 4% cost productivity. Every year we have a very, very surgical and data-driven pricing program in this company, which goes across all the businesses, including the Tool business, where we constantly are improving our subject matter expertise and our analytics in pricing and looking at price/volume tradeoffs and making sure that we're optimizing our margins and our overall margin in that regard. And then we have design-to-value which is a more programmatic approach to driving cost out of products. In the design cycle we have a simplification and complexity reduction program, which again drives cost out of the products and we have mix management. We are doing everything that we know how to do to drive margins up. And where that limit is, we don't know, but we constantly try to drive them up. So I think that's kind of the way we think about it. As far as the share picture in various geographies in the Tool business, I have to say that I don't think there is any region in the world, except with the possible exception of China, where we are not gaining share. And this business has implemented a commercial excellence initiative, which has taken the strength of Stanley and Black & Decker's scale, its brands, its products, its innovation, and it is driving that across all geographies in a very aggressive way and it's been very successful and we expect it to continue to do so.
James M. Loree: Yeah. I'll take that one, Mike. You know the verticals that we're really concentrating on right now are retail and healthcare. And, as you know, the idea of a vertical selling solutions is to really create a solution that offers much more than just security to our customers. Security is certainly a core component of the solution, but are there other things that we can do, such as in retail where we provide certain information and database on traffic flow in and out of the stores, correlating that with POS, et cetera. In healthcare, we're looking at helping productivity within the healthcare environment, the nurses and doctors, and offering solutions in that area to help the customers reduce cost or save money. And so, the model is really to bring forth those types of solutions that give more value, and does that translate into more beyond the installation into certain types of recurring revenue streams. And, that's really the intention of it. At this stage, it's still early development around that. But as we get deeper into these verticals and particularly the two that I just mentioned, I do believe that certain recurring revenue streams will evolve from those types of solutions. So, I think that's something you continue to watch and monitor. It's an area of focus as part of our strategy.
Donald Allan: Sure. Your math is actually pretty close, so as you think about us raising our midpoint by about $0.07 or $0.08 of EPS, yeah, we probably have about $10 million of new FX pressure. As I said, we're at the higher end of that range; that's about $0.05 of EPS. And then you have about $25 million or so of positive impact from commodity deflation and other indirect cost controls. And the net of those two items gets you basically to $0.07 and $0.08.
Donald Allan: Sure. Thanks, John. So, what John said is exactly correct. And, yeah, we're really pleased, and Jim went through it in a lot of detail in his presentation around the European performance, how it continues to improve, demonstrating a short stretch of time here of consistent organic growth, sequential improvement in operating margin rate. All the things that we talked about a year ago that we wanted to accomplish for that business; we're seeing them really get traction in all those areas. In North America, I wouldn't say that we feel like we're losing traction or slowing down. We definitely know that we had a little bit of a, kind of a blip on the radar in the second quarter of this year because of a large installation that completed itself. It didn't repeat, as you can see, in the third quarter because the third quarter bounced back to our expectations. They're actually slightly better than our expectations around profitability. And we continue to deal with an evolving and changing environment related to our vertical selling solutions, specifically targeting two verticals, retail and healthcare, as an area to really concentrate and help the business grow. The positive in North America that I see is that the backlog continues to grow and the order rates are double-digits and these are trends that we've seen now for two quarters or three quarters, which is positioning us well for next year to demonstrate some organic growth in North America in electronic security and mechanical security, for that matter. The last piece is China. I mean, overall, emerging markets is relatively small for the Security business. And outside of China, it's doing relatively well. But in China, because of the economic circumstances, market conditions, we've definitely seen some of the retrenching revenue declines that John mentioned in China a few minutes ago of double-digit declines, and that's been significant. We think that's more market related. It's not a big part of the business. Like everyone else, I think we all think China will begin to gradually get back on track at some point in the next two quarters to three quarters probably. So we're not overly concerned about that. So our focus now is continued execution improvement in Europe; continued execution improvement in North America, and really hunker down in the emerging markets, get through this period of time in China and then begin to demonstrate growth as we come out of that.
Donald Allan: SG&A. Sure. Yeah. So the performance, very pleased with the SG&A as a percentage of revenue in Q3 at 21.5% or in that category. But for the year, we do expect us to be somewhere around 22.3%, 22.4% for the total year. We do have some additional costs that do creep into the systems for lack of better word, in the fourth quarter related to some of the promotional activities we do and in-store activities around the holidays that will likely make that number creep up a little bit in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But we are definitely seeing another step-change in this particular area in 2015. So, in 2014, we were close to 23% as a percentage of revenue, and when we end the year, we'll be somewhere between 22.2% and 22.4% by the time we close out the year. So, that's a significant improvement. Part of that is what we've been doing for the last two years around indirect cost focus and how do we become more efficient, how do we drive more benefits and productivity in the use of those particular dollars. And then also, we've had a little bit of benefit, although it's not huge, from consolidating our CDIY and IAR businesses into the new business called Tools & Storage. So those things together have really helped leverage that objective. And I do think we're at a point now where we can continue to drive that down further. As you know, we talked about – I specifically talked about it in Investor Day, that we think we can get this number down even further through functional transformation, as well as taking some of those savings that we achieved and reinvest in things of digital excellence, commercial excellence, breakthrough innovation, et cetera. But the net result is really to drive our operating margins to 16%, and a lot of that's going to come from what we're trying to do in SG&A along the way.
