Don Allan: The cost mitigation as you related to, the inflationary costs as they come in, we go through a very similar process, frankly, we experience with our customers which is justification of the cost, what's driving the cost increase. It's got to go through a review process with our GSM procurement organization and then has various approvals that has to go through as well before we can accept the cost increase. The projection that we're putting forth out there related to inflation is based on current spot prices for the most part. And so it assumes these spot prices stay in place for the remainder of the year going into next year. We don't know if that will be the case, they could go up or they could go down. And that's something that we'll see over time. But we manage it through a very robust process on the input side, very similar to what we see what our customers do with us to help justify why we're doing price increases as well.
Don Allan: Yes. So obviously, we had, as we mentioned in January, a very significant inflationary impact in Q1. And the number approximated a little more than $400 million. We expect probably a very similar number in Q2. And back in January, we were assuming in Q3 and Q4 those numbers were going to become very small. With the new wave of headwinds, we have a number that's about $300 million per quarter in the back half of the year. So that's a large part of the change. You've got certainly a bigger impact in Q2 than what we saw in the January guidance. That's about $400 million, where that was supposed to be ticking down. And then you had close to almost a neutral impact in the January guidance in Q3 and Q4. And now it's going to be roughly $300 million per quarter. The carryover impact, you'll have some inflationary carryover impact, obviously, with this new wave, maybe a quarter to 1.5 quarters of that into next year. And then you'll have a substantial price increase carryover as well that the price should exceed the inflation in 2023.
Don Allan: And your question on shares, Michael, it's -- I think the easiest thing, if you look at the next 3 quarters for the remainder of the year, it will average about $155 million. In the first quarter, it was about $165 million -- shares. Sorry, not dollars, shares [ph].
Don Allan: Yes. As I have mentioned in some of my comments, Tim, we have done a little bit of a haircut on the volume side versus January. It's down about 3 points from our original assumption. And that's really factored in just more price increases going into the market, maybe being a little more cautious on the impact on volume. It's not necessarily a view that we think demand is slowing. It's just more of with all the price increases going in, you're going to have -- we had almost 5.5% of price in the first quarter. We're going to have somewhere between 7.5% to 8% of price in Q2 and then it's going to get close to 10% in Q3 and Q4. That's a lot of price in the market very quickly. And so we thought it was prudent to just do a modest haircut on the volume side to represent the potential impact of all those price increases. But it is not an assumption that there's some significant slowdown related to overall demand. Other than what's happening in Russia which is relatively modest, it's an annual revenue of about $150 million.
Don Allan: Yes. I would say that the first question, as I said, we're projecting inflation assuming current indices. And so we're projecting that's going to continue for the remainder of the year. Some people view that as maybe potentially conservative view. It's hard to make that view based on the level of inflation that we've seen over the last 12 months. Like any guidance we provide, we always put some level of contingency in there. It's usually in the $100 million to $150 million range. And I would say that's consistent with this particular guidance we just provided. As far as the China situation, yes, we're obviously watching what's happening very closely from a tactical perspective. But as we had mentioned in previous calls, we did open several plants in the North American markets between U.S. and Mexico to really be able to -- before the pandemic, to really receive a lot of the Asian production, in particular, the China production into those Mexican facilities and some -- and one U.S. facility as well. Because of the volume increase of roughly 20% in '21 and 20% in '22 -- I'm sorry, '21 and '20, you've had a significant spike in the overall output and therefore, it's been difficult to ramp down the Asian production. So we are looking at 2 different things. One, some additional expansion opportunities in both those countries of Mexico and the United States. But we've also been accelerating our manufacturing 4.0 automation and digitization efforts across the supply chain to try to accelerate that. We believe at this point we can make significant progress in this transition over the next 18 to 24 months. We will not completely mitigate the risk in that time frame but we have an accelerated plan based on the current revenue projections as well as the potential for more revenue growth to accelerate that progress over that time frame and we believe we can dramatically mitigate that risk and concern.
Don Allan: Yes, I would say that you'll see a volume decline again in Q2, mid- to low single-digit decline. You'll see modest growth in volume in the back half, 1 or 2 points in Q3 or Q4 as the supply continues to improve, in particular, in the professional power tools space.
Don Allan: Yes. The unabsorbed cost is not significant. Those plants have been ramping up for a period of time. And as the year goes on, they're going to continue to become more and more efficient. The main bottleneck is really semiconductors and the electronic components that they go into. As I mentioned in my commentary and Jim's commentary, that's going to continue to get better. There's a big step-up happening in Q2 of about 20% improvement. And we'll see another improvement in the back half of the year as well. And so as that starts to shake loose, we'll be able to meet the current demand levels and hopefully be able to look at other opportunities above and beyond the demand levels at that stage. The capacity in our plants is not really the challenge. The challenge is really in one particular area that I just touched on.
Jim Loree: And just for clarity, I think Don made this clear but I'm just going to emphasize that we are aiming to offset with our fourth price increase now over a 2-year period the entire amount of the inflation. So it's just a matter of timing. We got hit with this latest tranche of $600 million of inflation in the last 2 months. It takes a little time to get that price -- those price increases implemented and that's the dynamic at play here. There's no long-term degradation of margins associated with the hyperinflation because we are absolutely and I'm very, very pleased actually with the ability to implement price and offset the inflation with price increases because, historically, we never had this type of hyperinflation and we never had 100% price coverage of the inflation. And this era that we're in, we've been able to prove that we can do that successfully and that's what we're going to do here and the fourth increase as we go out to market.
Jim Loree: That's an artful one question but we'll take it. Don will take the second part, I'll take the first. We didn't get into this outdoor business because we thought it was low margin, low growth. And we are extremely pleased with what we've acquired and the teams that have come with these acquisitions. The innovation or new product development pipeline is revolutionary and especially in the professional products area and especially as it relates to the large format, zero turns and riders. It is clear that electrification will be an increasing force in this market with the advent of ESG and with the increased energy prices. So one of the factors that has slowed the adoption of electric large format has been the differential between the price for electric and the price for gas. And it historically has been fairly wide but it's coming -- it's converging as electric gets down the cost curve through innovation and cost reduction and energy prices drive higher prices for internal combustion-powered equipment and regulatory action has begun. So in the States, you have heard about regulatory action in several states, led by California. And so there is going to be a very, very significant amount of pressure to convert much of the gasoline to powered unit sales to electric. And we see that accelerating. We see the fact that we have been working together for several years on revolutionary innovation in electric and autonomous. And by the way, the labor shortages that exist all around and the cost of increasing labor are another factor getting us excited about the growth because the autonomous units that we have can literally cut lawns for landscapers without people on the mower. So there's a bunch of factors that make us very excited about what's happening in the market. And then there are the 8 facilities that we own that are up and running that make everything from walk-behind mowers to zero turns to basic riders. So we are poised and ready to go with products, with capacity and with a great team -- management team. So 10% to 15% in a market that has historically grown in the high single digits, mid- to high single digits is something that we think is very achievable. And we're going to make investments to support that.
Jim Loree: And it goes beyond just risk management. That's a huge part of it but also working capital management and efficiency. Getting the production closer to the market, within the home market, enables faster cycle times. It enables more ability to respond to volatile changes in demand which is the nature of the world today. And I think as e-commerce becomes more prominent, it's more important to have that production and supply chain closer to the customer, again, for purposes of agility and responsiveness. So there are offensive reasons for doing this as well. So it has a double benefit, a defensive risk management side to it but also an offensive go-to-market advantage in supply chain responsiveness for a changing end market in terms of what's expected and changing channel needs as well.
Jim Loree: Yes. I mean we've been gaining share year in and year out for a long time. During the pandemic, the competitive dynamics are such that we have been gaining share at a slower rate than one of our other competitors. And we're roughly the same size now in power tools and we're bigger in total with hand tools and other items. But the share dynamics as we look at this year will be very interesting. This competitor ended up buying pretty substantial quantities of batteries and semiconductors prior to the pandemic. They've built several billion dollars’ worth of inventory during the pandemic. They have -- a lot of their business is done on an FOB Asia perspective which means -- they're not reporting sellout. They're reporting sell-in. And a lot of the challenges that we have with the supply chain and the congestion on the Pacific Ocean, in their case, relate to their customer and who bears the burden of, at least for a good part of their business, those challenges. So this supply constraint issue has resulted in their ability to grow share a bit faster in this time period. When that gets resolved, I would bet on our channel access, our product innovation and our growing reinvestment in tools and outdoor and our outdoor platform in general to continue to help us grow the market share. And it will be an interesting couple of years as we go forward. But we're still very, very focused on gaining share, growing above market and continuing to, with our new focused portfolio, compete very, very aggressively and effectively.
