Jeffery D. Ansell: Thank you, Don. I'd like to make a few key points related to the Craftsman rollout, and as Jim referenced earlier, announce a new partnership for our STANLEY and STANLEY FATMAX brands. We continue to generate share gains around the world as evidenced by high-single digit organic growth demonstrated year-to-date, with growth in every strategic business unit and every geography. This is being delivered as we execute the biggest and most exciting Craftsman product launch in modern history. Craftsman achieved strong growth in the quarter following the successful launch of 1,200 new products, including many that are manufactured in the United States with global materials for the first time in decades. As planned, Lowe's and Ace have begun rolling out new Craftsman offerings, which will continue in Q4 through completion in 2019. Amazon has built strong customer excitement for the launch of our metal storage range in Q4, with a broader rollout to continue throughout 2019. Initial feedback from the Craftsman rollout shows that we are converting new users to the Craftsman brand, which is a share gain opportunity for both our retail partners and us. The end user feedback has been exceptionally positive with top-quartile product review ratings. The end user and customer enthusiasm, coupled with the recent Sears bankruptcy announcement, gives us confidence that we can deliver $1 billion in Craftsman growth by 2021, as Jim said, six full years ahead of schedule. I'd shift now to an exciting update on our partnership with The Home Depot. Today, we've announced that The Home Depot will be the exclusive home improvement retailer for the STANLEY Hand Tools & Storage product portfolio, both in-store and online beginning in 2019. Also included in this exclusive offering is the STANLEY FATMAX product line, the world's leading tape measure brand known for innovation and durability. This agreement represents one of the largest exclusivity partnerships in the tools and storage industry, enhancing our robust offering at The Home Depot with existing exclusives in DEWALT FLEXVOLT cordless tools and DEWALT hand tools. We're excited to expand our partnership and provide both pro and DIY consumers with unparalleled access to the STANLEY and STANLEY FATMAX portfolios. This agreement is an example of our business' commitment to commercial excellence, a representation of the vision we have for our portfolio of iconic brands across the retail landscape. Our strategic brand partnerships with industry-leading retailers are designed to best serve our customers and end users in the U.S. and across the globe. Now, I turn it back to Jim to wrap today's presentation.
Jeffery D. Ansell: One point to add on to that, to what Jim and Don said, Julian, was that through the course of 2018, we have high confidence. We'll grow in the high single-digit range which will be 2X the market even as we launch 1,200 new Craftsman products, bringing down other brands to move them across the retail segment. So a lot of moving pieces, but we are very confident our growth will outpace the market.
Jeffery D. Ansell: I could do the first part of the question. I don't think I can provide the information on the second part of the question just is – it's confidential information. But I would say this that when we begin to build the architecture around the acquisition of Craftsman, Irwin and Lenox as well, we looked at all those brands and where they participated. And we were proactive in trying to manage the cannibalization that would occur across those brands if you allowed them all to reside in the same place. And we're proactive in going across our retail landscape with partners to use those brands to accelerate growth and share gain in various places. You've seen like four or five really good examples of that to this point with Craftsman and now STANLEY, STANLEY FATMAX. We also love all of our customers. So we wanted to have an opportunity to grow with each and every one of them. Growth at one at the expense of the other is a short-term solution and not ultimately very successful. So this took a lot of additional work. But it has taken us – it will take us to a place where share gain in the future is incremental to any share gain in the past. So we feel really good about that. In terms of the size, probably the only thing I can say is that we have been on accelerated growth trajectory with the Home Depot over the last decade across our portfolio. This will allow us to do in Hand Tools & Storage what has been really clearly done across Power Tools and Power Tool Accessories. So it will give us a complete growth platform with a really important customer .
James M. Loree: Jeff, thanks for sharing those exciting developments regarding our partners and the Craftsman STANLEY and STANLEY FATMAX brands. It's encouraging to see how we are building upon our strong customer partnerships and realizing new opportunities for growth. It's also rewarding to be able to officially update our projection for Craftsman to deliver $1 billion of growth by 2021. So moving to the third quarter, to summarize, we delivered a solid performance of 4% organic growth and 6% EPS expansion, overcoming $135 million in currency, commodity and tariff headwinds. Our teams remain focused on price execution and cost control in response to the external pressures which have now grown to $370 million for 2018 as Don mentioned. And despite these headwinds, we are expected to deliver strong financial performance with 6% organic growth and 9% EPS expansion for the full year 2018. This is a testament to the speed and agility of our team and the strength of our SFS 2.0 operating system that we are in this position today. And as you heard earlier, we are building into our planning, a continuation of this dynamic and volatile macroenvironment, and announced a cost reduction program targeted to deliver $250 million in annual savings for 2019. This will prepare the business for respectable earnings growth and cash flow next year in spite of the carryover headwinds. And as we look to close out 2018, we are focused on execution and operational excellence. This includes generating revenue growth with operating leverage, delivering on pricing, productivity, and cost actions, and successfully integrating our recent acquisitions while generating strong free cash flow. I'm confident that we will be successful in navigating these near-term headwinds and remain optimistic about the outlook for our company-specific growth initiatives, which will buffer the revenue impact from slower end markets and provide for earnings growth and relative outperformance. And just to reiterate, these catalysts include the accelerating Craftsman rollout, a new exclusive STANLEY, STANLEY FATMAX partnership at Home Depot, our growing e-commerce share gains around the globe, a robust emerging market growth program, growing revenue synergies from the Lenox/Irwin acquisition, continued revenue benefits from FlexVolt, and new innovations, and the recently announced IES transaction, quite a robust list. We also remain focused on our long-term strategy and our 2022 vision. When we announced 22/22, the base year was 2016 and we were $11 billion in revenue. We will be $14 billion this year, and we now have reasonable visibility to $22 billion by 2022 based on our growth pipeline and the transactions already announced, plus another $1 billion to $2 billion in acquired revenue in the 2020 to 2022 timeframe. That is very exciting and encouraging in the face of all these near-term challenges. Dennis, we are now ready for Q&A.
James M. Loree: I also want to say – this is Jim. I also want to say that the U.S. consumer is alive and well, so this is not a doom and gloom story. This is – the wage rates are up and people are spending. Consumer confidence is off the charts, new records. So I think the – retail sales may have slowed slightly, but it's not like, all of a sudden, we have a vacuum in the demand. That could come. To your point, the elasticity of demand, all these price increases that companies are taking with respect to these tariffs, elasticity of demand surely will create some lower level of demand at some point in the future. But I want to make it very clear that it's not a doom and gloom story right now. And we don't expect it to be in the fourth quarter because the bulk of the tariff increases really don't hit until January 1st.
James M. Loree: That's also going to be affected by the Sears financial situation. So that business has to go somewhere. And we only had a very small amount of business with Sears. I think it was running around $50 million annually. So we feel like that is a very, very positive development from a revenue point of view for us.
James M. Loree: We will also say that the peak of the cannibalization really occurred in Q3. I mean, that's when we started most of this process. So the cannibalization rate will be less in Q4 and it will dissipate as we roll through 2019.
James M. Loree: So part, the one answer is yes. $125 million and $250 million are – that's all of it. The second thing is, it's early days. And for anyone to speculate that they understand what the elasticity of demand is for all these SKUs in a timeframe when there is really no precedent for these types of price increases in the United States. On the other hand, we have a fair amount of experience in the emerging markets with pretty dramatic price increases. When the currencies weaken, we frequently find ourselves raising prices to offset those currency impacts, and you see continued solid growth in all those markets. We have double-digit growth in the emerging markets. Sometimes you end up with a shift from a volume-driven organic growth to more price-driven organic growth. But in the end, you get the organic growth and you protect the margins. And that's kind of our approach. So we can't tell you how much price we're going to get next year right now. One of the reasons we did, I think Don mentioned this, one of the reasons we did the cost reduction is because we want to have those levers. We want to be able to have the flexibility to manage our price volume and still drive earnings growth and that will give us the opportunity to do that in 2019.
James M. Loree: And the one thing I would mention as well, is that sometimes overlooked, as people do their analysis and they try to walk from one year to another, but sometimes overlooked is the variable cost productivity that we generate every year. And that will be in the neighborhood of 3% to 4% most years, and we see no reason why it shouldn't be in 2019. That would be additive productivity to the $250 million of cost savings. And so we have $9 billion of variable cost to work with for that 3% to 4%. And if you're trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together and the different scenarios that could occur, you make sure that you think through that as well. .
James M. Loree: Yeah, I don't think anybody except the home centers can get in the minds of the home centers. But I will say that the home centers appear, and frankly, all the customers appear to be in a position where they understand that their supply base cannot absorb onetime increases in the cost of this magnitude, 25%. And they understand that. They understand that they're not going to do it. And so in the end, this is all going to go to the consumer whether it's Tools or whether it's consumer products or whatever in other companies, other industries. And that I think is the way this is all going to play out and is playing out.
James M. Loree: Not all tariffs are horrible at this point. The tariff impact to some categories, like boxes, metal boxes, they have actually been positive for us. But wave 4 would also accelerate our advantage based on our domestic manufacturing footprint.
James M. Loree: Well, you never know how they're going to behave when they're under protection. But I will say that it's been a fantastic execution. And it's been a real partnership with our retail partner, Lowe's. The sales and marketing resources that they have brought to bear to make this program successful, in conjunction with the sales and marketing resources that we've invested, is like nothing that has ever been done in our industry. So I think the answer to your question is that we've done everything that we need to do to pull those sales from Sears into Stanley Black & Decker and Lowe's. And maybe some will drift out into some of our other retail partners, but we've got that well covered too as we talked about. So we're very pleased and very optimistic with the situation, about the situation.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Sure. I'll start with the first part of your question. So, yes, for 2019, we believe the headwinds of the three categories will be very similar to the 2018 level of $370 million at this stage. So about $200 million of that is related to tariffs, and then the remainder is split between commodity inflation and currency. So you can look at that and say $370 million. We're taking price actions on virtually all of those particular items. We've either done that this year or we will do it early next year related to List 3. In addition to that, we're also doing $250 million of cost takeout actions to be responsive to potentially more headwinds, potentially slower markets, and potentially managing our price dynamics, as we put all this price into the market next year to ensure we can have earnings growth next year. So we're trying to have different levers that we can pull associated with these headwinds, which allows us to grow our earnings, as I said, high single-digits for next year versus 2018. On the cost reduction side, I mean, we will go through a process that we've done many times before as a company. We haven't done one of these in a while. However, the discipline in structure on the process is very much focused on, what are the types of costs that we can take out that would not impact growth initiatives within the short-term and the midterm? How do we ensure that we don't slow momentum in some of these great growth catalysts that both Jeff and Jim talked about this morning? And so it will be very much targeted to activities that are removed from the customer in that regard, removed from the innovation categories, et cetera, that really do impact growth in the timeframe of the next one to three years.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yeah, so the $1 billion clearly includes some cannibalization. However, if you think about what Jeff and Jim talked about related to Home Depot, we would like to think that as we rolled that out in Home Depot for STANLEY and STANLEY FATMAX that we can have a mitigating effect on some of the cannibalization that we're experiencing this year and into part of next year or a large portion of next year. So, if you look out over the four-year time horizon that the $1 billion dollars will evolve, our hope is, is that the cannibalization component of that is not very significant. But we'll see how that plays out over time, but we'll continue to see some cannibalization impact as we exit this year and we go into next year. But we do believe the cannibalization impact will be a little less in the fourth quarter and begin to mitigate itself a little bit more throughout 2019.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Well, let me just clarify one thing. We're not providing guidance for 2019, but we are providing some insight and direction as to what we see based on the actions that we're taking, as well as the headwinds that we have. So we wanted people to understand that we believe we have a way to grow our earnings in a meaningful way in 2019. We have headwinds to deal with, as we've talked about of $370 million. We will have price actions and carryover related to that. We'll have new price actions that we will put into the market, related to List 3 in January. Obviously, those will have a mitigating effect to those headwinds of some magnitude. We do expect to have some organic growth obviously in 2019 as well, and our objective is always to be within our 4% to 6% range. And we'll see, as we get closer to January, whether that's still our view. But at this point, there's nothing that says we should change that at this stage. The biggest wild card would be the impact of price and how we have to manage that along the lines that Jim was just describing, which leads us to why we're taking these cost actions, so we have levers to counter the potential impacts of price into the market. And therefore, we can ensure that we get to the end result of having meaningful earnings growth year-over-year. That's really about all we can say at this stage for 2019. And we'll provide more color as we get closer or get to January. But at this stage, that's how we feel, and we feel like we're positioning ourselves and setting ourselves up, so we can create that outcome for 2019.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Very good question. We've worked really hard since March of 2017 to bring this 1,200 SKU product portfolio to life. And I'm very pleased at the initial rollout in the first 90 days of the rollout. Shipments are up. POS is up, representing share gain for us and our partners. But the other key component is our service levels on that product right now, almost 100%. And so we've capacitized ourselves. Before we would commit to $1 billion by 2021, we built capacity plans to support it. So we feel very good about our capability of supplying that accelerated demand through our existing 50, 60 manufacturing plant structure. Again, we make almost 90% of what we sell, so we have great control over those things, and we feel very confident we can support the accelerated demand created by Craftsman in whatever form it might be.
Donald Allan, Jr.: List 4 tariffs. So List 4 tariffs, we'll take the approach that I described when I went through that on the slide. That the first step of actions will be price increases in the marketplace. The second step will be looking at, is there an exclusion process that we can go through with the U.S. government because there is some disadvantage that we have in the marketplace as a result of the tariff. And then the third will be looking at what we can do to our supply chain to change aspects of the supply chain as to where things are manufactured, whether it's bringing things to the U.S., to the – along our strategy of make where we sell, or is it moving into another country because it makes more sense to do that, both from a market perspective and a financial perspective. So those will be like the three levels of steps that we would go through. Very similar to what we're going through with List 3, and what we've gone through with the previous two Lists related to the tariffs.
Donald Allan, Jr.: And we feel very well prepared for this. We've been preparing for this. All we didn't know was the date of when it would happen. So Jim referenced the connection between us and Lowe's going forward, and it is exemplary and it is out in front. We're likewise aligned in the hardware channel with Ace, we're likewise aligned with Amazon in the e-commerce space. So we are prepared in whatever fashion that Craftsman customer wants to find the product to make sure that we are front and center and ready to convert.
