John Lundgren: Thanks, Greg, and thanks everybody for joining us this morning. We’ve got a strong quarter and I think a lot of encouraging news that we’re very much looking forward to sharing with you and then taking your questions. During the quarter, revenue expanded 8% organically. Total growth was 1% as the topline impact of foreign currency was negative 7% in the quarter. Our Tools, Storage and Engineered Fastening businesses all continued strong momentum. They both grew in the double digits organically and Security built up the momentum from the fourth quarter and posted 2% organic growth as North America and emerging markets as well as Europe grew organically within the quarter. I won’t dwell on those numbers because Jim is going to dive into much more detail on the segments in just a minute. Both gross and operating margin rates expanded in the first quarter, 50 basis points in gross margin and 120 basis points in operating margins. They increased due to higher volume, along with sharp cost focus and price realization delivering operating leverage, despite $50 million of foreign currency pressure just within the quarter. Earnings per share were $1.07, the same number versus flat in the first quarter of 2014 as the strong business performance most notably in Tools and Storage, offset higher plant restructuring and tax rate. Due in part to our strong fourth quarter cash flow in conjunction with our previously communicated equity derivatives, we executed repurchase actions that reduced the share count by approximately eight million shares in the first quarter. This was a meaningful acceleration versus our prior plan.  We are also reiterating full year 2015 guidance for earnings in the range of $5.65 to $5.85 on a GAAP basis. That’s inclusive of $0.25 a share in restructuring charges. It represents a 5% to 9% year over year EPS growth, despite $60 to $70 million of incremental foreign exchange pressure since our last report and it’s now expected to total between $200 million and $220 million in 2015. We are also reiterating free cash flow outlook of at least $1 billion. Don is going to walk you through the moving pieces and our assumptions around them with respect to the share repurchase, currency impact and cash flow in just a few minutes.  Moving to the next slide and looking where the growth came from. The momentum continues in the developed markets and that’s been led by the US. As they say, another solid quarter of organic growth, but with currency headwinds almost two times what we experienced during the fourth quarter of 2014. The organic growth of 8% came on the heels of 7% organic growth in the fourth quarter. Over the last eight quarters, our organic growth has averaged 5%, right in the midpoint of our targeted 4% to 6% range.  Strong volume growth, particularly in the US, but we also had solid growth in every other region of the country as you can see in the box on the right. Pricing was again positive in the quarter, as actions to combat currency primarily in the emerging markets, but also surgical pricing actions across the remainder of our businesses are contributing to the organic growth. Currency headwinds did intensify as we moved through the quarter. They ramped up toward the end of the quarter and they did dampen the organic performance by 7% as I previously said as the dollar strengthened against almost every currency in countries where we do business. Don is going to give you a very granular look at that in his portion of the presentation.  Just quickly on a regional basis, demand in the US remains very healthy, particularly in retail, both strong sell-in and sell-through in the industrial channel, as well as within our security business. Europe has been a very pleasant surprise as we continue to show strong share gains, most notably in Tools and Storage, as well as our industrial business. As you can see, total organic growth is 6%, with these markets tracking flat to slightly up, maybe in low single digits. Finally, the Emerging markets were aided by strong shipments in our Engineered Fastening, Automotive and Electronics businesses, while certain markets, most notably Russia, remain under a lot of pressure.  Let’s move it over to Jim and he can give you a lot of detail on the segments. 
John Lundgren: Yeah, absolutely. So we embarked on this journey of cost actions in a more significant way about a year and half to two years ago and one of our main objectives was to take actions that were permanent in nature and not temporary that would result in some type of snapback of costs in the future. We’ve been targeting areas such as indirect spend, which is basically all costs that are non-people related and putting forth policy changes, structural changes, procurement changes, etc., that are driving a lot of those benefits. And they’re permanent changes that we expect to be maintained over the long term.  The other thing that we’ve done is we’ve taken specific headcount restructuring actions related to the combination of our CDIY and IAR business for Tools and Storage. We’ve taken some corporate headcount actions, as well as some of our other businesses that are more surgical in nature that will allow us to really continue to focus on productivity and driving a more efficient P&L Because of this approach and these different types of actions, it really gives us confidence that it’s not of the nature that we are just pushing down costs on a temporary basis and we will experience some snapback in the future.
John Lundgren: David, very fair question. There are cost benefits to the combination of the IAR business. They’re quite small relative to the volume leverage particularly the advantage of a prolific new product development process that really was founded or grounded in our CDIY business. It’s now incorporating IAR. So roughly three quarters, two thirds of the benefit and ability to maintain margins is due to the volume leverage new products and incremental margins and only a small portion would be due to the -- there are some cost benefits, but that is truly the icing on the cake rather than the driver for putting these two businesses together. 
John Lundgren: Yeah, I’ll take a shot at that and I’ll certainly ask Jim or Don to chime in. It is overwhelmingly share gains in our case. 50% of our revenue roughly is in the US. Those markets are slightly stronger than we’d anticipate. But you saw our Global Tools and Storage business up 12% in the quarter. So there’s significant share gain there. Europe as I said in my piece of the presentation, globally the markets are up 2% at best. Some estimates are flat and we are up six 6%. So again, it’s easily 3X the market growth rate. Now Tools and Storage business is up more than that. So again share gains. I think the wild card is in the emerging markets, which collectively represent about 20% of our revenue. They’re up but at a much lower rate as Jim mentioned in his piece of the presentation. Certain markets like China and Russia are down, but in total the emerging markets are growing at low single digits and so are we. So simply said, the overwhelming majority of what you’ve seen in our numbers is share gain and again it’s focused in our Global Tools and Storage business and our Engineered Fastening business. 
John Lundgren: Sure. I'm going to have Jim walk you through that, but remember we‘ve got a stated objective of growing at 2x the rate of the market and we’ve been doing a pretty good job in our Global Tools and Storage business. But Jim, I know you want to shade more light on that.
John Lundgren: Jeff. Just let me tie that up in a bow without -- and Jim there I think did a very nice job of not stealing our own thunder for Investor Day because we’ve got a lot of communicate. We want communicate it very coherently and systematically all in the same place. But SFS or SFS 1.0 if you like was focused on operational excellence. We think we’ve done a very, very good job and working capital turns have doubled as a result of that. Eliminate ways to eliminate complexity, unless it adds a benefit that the customer is willing to pay for and so forth. You’ve heard us talk about it a lot. We think we’ve gotten it down. We’ve been at it about eight years and we think it truly, truly is imbedded in the DNA of this company. What Jim described is an effort -- in terms of when will the benefits come, we are paying as we go and I think Jim described that perfectly in terms of we’re investing in getting a little bit of benefit.  The future benefits will come well down the road just like they have with SFS. But importantly, it is all designed to embed a growth culture, first establish an embedded growth culture within the company. If we look at all our long-term objectives, we’ve done a really good job meeting or exceeding all of them with the exception of organic growth, where over the years we’ve been at 3% to 4%, which is then about the industry average, about our competitors average, peer group average. Of late, we’ve stepped that up due to some phenomenal results from the incremental growth platforms and programs that Jim described. Long-term we are looking to drive that up and just embed it into our culture and have it become equally as important in our DNA as we think running our operations effectively and efficiently has become.
John Lundgren: Yeah, Liam I’ll take it. The answer is absolutely yes. Yes and yes. Simply said, we knew -- it’s turned to be not a terrific hedge in terms of production costs, because when we first brought this production back we had total delivered product cost. Obviously we took a lot of product off the water in time and improved our working capital turns. We had costs within flat to 5% and we are driving that down towards cost neutral relative to some of the low cost countries. It’s probably not at parity now given the strength of the dollar. That means, but we knew it was a good thing to do in terms of supply chain, satisfying our customers, keeping fill rates above 98%. We underestimated the positive impact customer reaction, particularly in the industrial distribution channel and what we call the two step channel of the, quite frankly the loyalty. It created the incredibly positive reaction from professional contractors and folks working in manufacturing facilities around the country.  So we are very pleased with not only our ability to get the facilities up and running, we’re very pleased with -- we’re delighted by the customer reaction. As a consequence, we’re looking at two other opportunities near term in the US and again, it’s not going to be a step function ship, but it will be a gradual shift to expand two existing US facilities to produce more of our core products sold primarily in the US in those markets. More to come on that when it happens. We can’t get ahead of ourselves in terms of our own workforce then our planning and various negotiations are currently in process. But there is more to come. As I say it will not be gigantic, but it will be incremental or an evolution versus the revolution, but based on the results to date, we’ve got a lot of good reasons, qualitatively and quantitatively to do some more of this in the next 6 to 18 months.
John Lundgren: Sure, we can touch on that. As we touched on obviously, we saw significant operating leverage through the organic growth. We also are seeing really solid benefits from SG&A actions that I mentioned around indirect costs. We’ve seen some good pricing initiatives that drop all the way to the bottom line. It’s a combination of all those factors. Of course there’s also a little bit of commodity deflation occurring as well that’s beneficial to this particular business. Combining that with the fact that I mentioned at the beginning, which is organic growth, you have a high level of activity happening in our plants that occur because of higher organic growth in Q1 and expected higher organic growth in Q2 well above what we experienced in the first half or the first quarter of last year. So there’s certainly a leverage effect that’s even greater than you would normally see because of organic growth numbers that are basically double digit.
Donald Allan: Yeah I’ll take the latter one first. As I mentioned, we’ve done a lot of hedging activities specifically around the Euro and the Canadian dollar. The benefit we are getting for that here in 2015 or the neutralization I guess of currency is about $70 million. And so that would be an impact that we would see in 2016. We’ll also have a modest carry over impact by some of the recent currency movements we’ve seen. So we think going into next year, there is about $100 million headwind for currency that some of which we are focused on how we deal with through hedging activities, but we are also focused on what cost actions we can take as we go into 2016 to offset that impact as well. Similar to what we’ve done over the last two years, we are going to take a very similar approach to that as we embark into 2016 as well. And Jim maybe you want to answer the comment on …
Donald Allan: This is Don. We didn’t specifically give guidance related to capital deployment. What we have said about this year though is our primary objective was to complete our program of up to $1 billion of share repurchase and you could argue that we’ve pretty much done that with $900 million of it completed at this point in time. We also said that we have opened up our -- reopened our funnel of BD opportunities over the last six months or so and we are evaluating different things and we may have some types of small acquisition later in the year of modest size. But that’s really about what the plan is at this stage and we feel good about where we are. If we outperform our cash flow, we’ll have to evaluate the timing of that and would make sense based on what’s happening in BD as well as what our stock is trading at that point in time.
Donald Allan: Sure. I’ll take that one. Yeah, we were very pleased as John mentioned with our price performance in Q1. We’ve talked about price as a company on and off over the last decade several times, but in the last year, year and half, we’ve really put a significant emphasis on gaining price in different ways across many of our businesses. It’s not always just about list price. It’s about other types of activities that happen with your customers and really trying to drive the maximum value associated with the product or the service that you’re providing to your customer. That emphasis has not changed. There has been a new dynamic as you mentioned in the last six months or so where commodities have moved in a certain direction it’s been a benefit to companies like us.  The reality for us is the number is not overly significant. We touched on it briefly back in January. It’s roughly $50 million of benefits for us on an annualized basis. At this point in time, we continue to evaluate that as we go into next year and see what other opportunities we have. But it’s not really large enough to drive a significant pricing discussion across an $11 billion enterprise like our company. If that dynamic ever changes, then we could potentially have the circumstances that you described and we have gone through those cycles. But we have put significant routines and processes in place around pricing to really deal with these types of dynamics and make sure that we understand the levels of profitability that we are achieving on key products, especially what we call our A products and services that we provide and I don’t expect that focus to change. I actually expect it to accelerate and become more mature overtime.
James Loree: On the competitive environment in the US and whether there have been any changes related to the FX dislocation that’s occurred. Most of our, in fact all of our major competitors have global footprints that are relatively similar. Our major European based competitor has a little bit more European footprint in terms of supply chains and our major Japanese competitor has a little bit more in Japan. But we all have a lot in China, Mexico and other low cost areas around the world. So there really isn’t a major structural change to the cost competitors that is created by the dislocation. I think we are all responding -- all competitors are responding as you might expect, which is in the emerging markets where we are shipping into those markets from dollar stable kinds of -- or dollar, like Chinese or dollar denominated supply chains, there is a fair amount of price appreciation going on to partially offset the currency impact and then the US is always brutally competitive and continues to be brutally competitive.
James Loree: But as far as the impact in the quarter or in the past couple of quarters, it’s been nil. This is just getting going, so the impact that John just described is yet to come.
James Loree: It's a great question because the comps are -- we are comping against two years organics growth in the tool business that’s averaging about 7% per quarter. When you look at the market growth and you look at that you say how long can this go on? It's very fair question, but I would say that the team in European tools in particular, but also in Engineered Fastening, those two management teams are really, really growth oriented teams. And the ability to gain share is not constrained necessary by structural conditions. If they keep executing at that level, then I think that it will be in that 4% to 6% range for a while. And the other thing about Europe is that even though the markets haven’t picked up, the optimism in Europe is palpably higher. If you talk to business people in Europe, there’s a lot of hope I guess is the best phrase or word I can think of, but not necessarily with our people. But when you just talk to people in general in Europe, there’s a sentiment, a more positive sentiment than we’ve seen in a long, long time. That may actually help with the market and may over time push the market up a few points and certainly that would be helpful as well. But the reality of tough difficult comps is a real one and it's one where we don’t necessarily push our expectations to organic growth much higher than say 4% to 6 %. I think achieving that 2x market growth is something that we can continue to do for a while.
James Loree: The four initiatives, Digital Excellence, Breakthrough Innovations, Commercial Excellence, and Functional Transformation, we’ll start with functional transformation is an approach that we are taking to reduce the cost of our staff functions if you will, so increase their efficiency while maintaining their effectiveness, which is very high. The functional transformation will yield benefits over a multi-year period, but really at the moment we are investing in this. There’s an actual expense related to it in the quarter and we’ll get into that at the investor day. The other three are intended to drive growth and they all require some investment, but the functional transformation is a way to fund that investment without affecting our day to day operations in a negative way.  Digital Excellence, we are doing a fair amount of work in that area to prioritize where we’re going to make our investments. So there’s not really any revenue impact from that at this point in time. There are some expenses associated with that. I think the one that has the most near term impact is Commercial Excellence because commercial excellence includes several different elements. One of those element is pricing effectiveness and you probably have noticed over the last year or so that we have been averaging about a point in price as a company and that is about a point higher than we have been doing historically. I would say virtually a large portion of that differential impact is associated with the Commercial Excellence initiative. There are many other parts to it. I think I used the term Commercial Excellence several times when I was discussing the CDIY or the Global Tool Business and they have really taken Commercial Excellence and each element of it and deployed it within that business to achieve some of their differentiated performance and share gains. They can do even more with Commercial Excellence and the rest of the company can really do a lot more with that. So that’s what we expect to see in the future. And the final one, it's important to differentiate between what I’ll call incremental innovation or day to day innovation, which I think we and our competitors all do reasonably well. We have things like, a good example do that would be the DC brushless innovation that we’ve done recently and the share gain that we’ve achieved through that.  The Breakthrough Innovation is basically taking, going beyond Incremental Innovation and really looking for those breakthroughs that can change the whole competitive framework of the industry and give us a competitive advantage. So we have studied competes in the best pockets of breakthrough innovation in the world, primarily in the US. And we have deployed some of the practices that you’ll see in the valley and so forth. And we are doing some experimentation with that and we are hopeful that we can create some breakthrough innovations. In the meantime we are going full speed ahead with our normal incremental innovation and the incremental innovation is really what’s driving the share gain and one of the things that’s driving the share gain on the tools business today. That’s a quick snapshot. There’s plenty more to come on May 15.
