Donald Allan: Yes, I -- this is Don. I think the -- 2013 for CDIY will continue to be a nice year of mid-single-digit organic growth, us focused on more margin accretion related to the cost synergies. But it's also important to recognize that we do want to make sure that these growth investments are in place and begin to get a impact in the back half of 2013. So that will mute clearly the operating margin rate expansion, to some extent. But going forward, as far as looking at this business and operating margin rate, we do see -- still see opportunity for further expansion. And I think one of the bigger areas will be our ability to focus on these organic growth programs in emerging markets. If you look at the incremental operating margin rate, it's 25 associated with these growth initiatives. A large part of that is impacting CDIY. And so even if we do see price pressure in certain areas, overall, I do believe that we'll be able to continue to expand operating margin rate.
Donald Allan: Yes, Rich, if you look at -- obviously, Jim reviewed the Q4 performance where you had that segment, it was 15.5%, but without Niscayah, it was closer to 17.3%. So clearly, the underlying business is still kind of in that 17% to 19% range that we're striving for in this business. And in the third quarter, it was closer to the 19% number when you excluded Niscayah. So it really comes down to our continued execution on the cost synergies in Niscayah and a combination of making sure that some of these growth initiatives -- although Jim didn't go through as much detail and the ones in Security, but there are certainly some significant growth initiatives in the world of Security as well, in that $850 million, that will allow us to stimulate more volume growth, which ultimately will help us leverage the cost base and ultimately drive those percentages in that range of 17% to 19%, with an average of probably about 18%. I mean, I really believe that this business, based on its current makeup, is in that category and it's more of a timing issue over the next few years.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would say the ROCE at the end of 2012 was about 10.5%. And Kate can send you the details of the calculation because it's not exactly clear cut. But it's relatively consistent with what you would expect with an ROI calculation, with some adjustments for after-tax interest and amortization, in some cases. So when we look at that and we say, "How are we going to get that to 15%?" We clearly think that we'll get a significant improvement in 2013 just from the fact that we won't be doing any significant acquisitions. And we'll continue to show significant earnings improvement, with almost 20% EPS growth in that time frame. And so we would expect probably almost a 2-point improvement in 2013 from that level. The associated CFROI, or cash flow return on investment, at the end of 2012 was about 12%. And so there's about a 2-point -- 1.5- to 2-point gap between ROCE and CFROI and that's probably due to the intangible amortization that we experienced through a lot of these noncash expenses through the acquisitions that we've done over the last 8 years. And we would expect a similar result in there, where that would improve probably 1.5 to 2 points as well in 2013. And so we feel like we're on track to really move that forward, and both those ratios, getting them in that 12% to 15% band, even ROCE, probably in 2013. In North America, it's likely going to be a little bit higher than the line average for the whole company, but we don't have -- we don't exactly do a precise calculation...
Donald Allan: Yes, I mean, the 4% to 6% organic growth in North America, I would say that that's probably -- when you look at that over the long term, I would say that you're probably still looking at a couple of points of growth, frankly, in North America. And so the bulk of the growth is going to come, I would imagine, in emerging markets over the long term.
Donald Allan: Yes. So the answer to the question, Ken, is, as I mentioned, 17.5% of our total EPS will happen in Q1, which is slightly below when you look at the historical trends. There's a couple of factors. When you look at Q1 last year, our operating margin for Q1 represented about 22% of the total year operating margin, which is close to the EBIT number or EBITDA number you were mentioning. In this year, we would expect that operating margin number to actually be closer to 20% of the total for the year, in Q1. Why is there a difference? Well, the real -- the main difference, frankly, is these investments we're making in growth. As I touched on, we do have a dilutive impact for the year. The bigger part of that dilutive impact happens in Q1, and it begins to moderate as we get into Q2 and starts to flatten out in Q3. So that's the driver associated with that. And then the other area would be in the area of interest and tax. So we will -- our interest will spike, as I mentioned, due to the Infastech transaction temporarily throughout the year. We will see that happen initially in Q1 and then begin to work its way down as the year goes on. And then in addition to that, the tax rate, we did have a modest tax benefit in Q1 of last year that's also affecting that, that we don't expect to repeat.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would say that, John articulated us walking away from business, which I -- this was a very intelligent decision by our CDIY team. As you know, we look at different pieces of our business and make sure that we're achieving certain levels of profitability and pricing associated with that, but ultimately, we also are very aggressive around new product innovation and technologies that help us drive growth as much as possible. And when I look at the hand tools business: It will be a business that will continue to grow. When I think about CDIY in 2013 growing mid single digits, I don't see why hand tools wouldn't be very close to that type of growth in 2013.
Donald Allan: Which would imply modest share gain. And it also would imply that we continue to drive activities in emerging markets that will help that global growth number as well.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would say that I wouldn't see them having a significant impact on working capital. We still feel very passionate that achieving 10 working capital turns by the middle of this decade is achievable. And all the initiatives that we're looking at in emerging markets, we don't expect to impact that objective. Now that being said, we probably will end up carrying a little more inventory in that part of the world to make sure that we meet the needs of customers, but when you assess the impact as a percentage of the whole company, it's not going to be more than a tenth or two of an impact across the whole company. And it doesn't really impact our objective of getting to 10 working capital turns.
James M. Loree: Sure, Steve. First of all, you're right about the plants being relatively small. There's no need to build monuments at this point in time. And the key for these plants is to keep the overhead down because the competitors don't have high overhead and some of our plants in the emerging markets that serve the Western markets have a lot more overhead than the local plants of competitors serving the local markets. So there is a very important element of that, which is keeping the overhead down. It's really a different approach. We have to have the -- kind of the Western-company mentality in terms of compliance with regulations and all those sorts of things, and environmental and so on, but we cannot have the Western mentality as it relates to the overhead in the plants. So relatively small, and typical investment for something -- for a plant of this nature would be in the neighborhood of around $10 million. And then the other question that's in terms of prioritization: Interestingly, when we look at the emerging markets and -- 70%, we think, of the growth in the tool and hardware industry over the next 20 years is going to come from the emerging markets, in our view. And when we look at where the growth is going to come from, we can start with the BRICs. That'll be about 1/3. And then there's the Next 11, headlined by Turkey and Indonesia. That'll be another 1/3, the Next 11. And then all the other countries after that will be the last 1/3. So a strategy to go in and just serve the BRICs or China and India or even -- or something like that really won't get the kind of fast-mover advantage that we think we can have here and it certainly won't capitalize on the opportunities. So unlike many initiatives where you say, "Okay, let's just focus on the 80% rule," here you have to have a layered strategy. And we've got terrific infrastructure already in Latin America. So when you look at the BRICs, for us it's really Russia, India and China. In China, clearly, we will have a plant serving the local market plant or plants. We have one in India already. We may have another one at some point in time. And then Russia, Russia, you don't need a plant. Russia can basically import from China very cost effectively. There's no competitor that has a plant in Russia that -- of any material size. So that kind of covers the BRICs. Then you start getting into Indonesia and Turkey. Presumably, at some point, we'll have a plant in Turkey. Not -- it's not a top priority, but it's something that we're obviously looking at and working on. And maybe in Indonesia. The rest of the Next 11 can be served from the plant infrastructure that I just talked about. And then certainly the last 1/3, the strategy to go into those countries will be quite different than it will be for the BRICs and the Next 11. It will be a far less-intensive approach and more -- it'll be much more of a kind of an import model into those countries until they develop over time. So for instance, Africa is going to be incredibly important in the future, but it probably will be 10 years before we can justify a major thrust into Africa with plants and the whole nine yards of infrastructure.
James M. Loree: Yes, and I'll take a stab at kind of adding something to that, which is we've done as a company, I think, 70 acquisitions over a 10-year period. And of those, the vast majority have been in Security. And they have been all-consuming into -- for the management team. When we bought into what we thought was a high-growth market and in normal -- under normal circumstances historically, it has been both from a secular point of view, given the importance of Security growing and so forth, and also just from the standpoint of being a technologically driven market that has a lot of innovation and value-creating change going on within the industry. So it is a high-growth market. It has been depressed by commercial construction over the years. But the key to growing in -- and outperforming vis-à-vis the market regardless of what size the market is at any point in time, or growth rate it has, is to have differentiated value propositions. And what I would say we did over the course of building the Security business was we assembled all the pieces that are required to provide differentiated value propositions to various industry verticals, so for instance, health care, education, financial services, government, the global customer that wants to be served in a global fashion like an industrial or that type of organization. So we have all these pieces. And one of the thoughts behind the hiatus that we went on in July was that we're not getting above-market growth in Security. And in order to do so, we have to spend the time and focus the same people that have are -- have been focused on doing over approximately 50 acquisitions and focus them on organic growth and taking with we have and maximizing it. And I just got back from a sales meeting from North America Security, where they had every commercial person in the organization gathered in one location, and they have gotten to the point now where they've been able to take these value propositions that I've discussed here and now commercializing them -- in the process of commercializing them. I've never seen, in the Security business, a more charged-up sales force than we have right now because they finally have what they need to grow and they're going to go out and do it. So I would suggest that we are totally on the right track in terms of growth in the Security business. We have -- if you look back, you can certainly argue that it hasn't been what we'd hoped for, but I'm very confident that it will be, on a prospective basis.
James M. Loree: North America was not on revenue. It was on organic growth, not on ROCE, up to 4% to 6% organic growth.
James M. Loree: Yes, if we can get the core growth rate in North America to 2% to 3%, the 4% to 6% is very achievable. And just -- because it is 50% of our volume, yes. And just one other thought on the ROCE and the cash flow return on investment. The ROCE for us over the years has become disconnected from the cash flow return on investment because of our acquisitive activity and the amortization that's associated with it. It's really -- I mean, for those of -- that are familiar and have studied it, it's really more of a book income concept than it is a cash income concept. And we're evaluating -- as a management team right now, we're evaluating moving to more of a cash flow return investment view because it actually is more relevant to our business today because our cash earnings are substantially higher than our book earnings. And we are going to discuss that at the -- at our next analyst meeting, which will occur sometime in the middle of the year, date to be announced. So we'll have more on that, but I think cash flow return on investment is increasingly more relevant to measuring the return on investment of this company.
James M. Loree: Yes, I will address the Niscayah while Don racks his brain and tries to figure out the answer to your other question.
James M. Loree: Well, we've owned Niscayah something like 16 months now. And when we bought it, it was one of those -- it was a contested situation. So we didn't have the normal opportunity to go in and vet the management team thoroughly, like we would with a uncontested transaction. And so the hope was that we were going to get some good people at the headquarters and that we were going to be able to take our basic business processes that we have in North America and implement them in Europe in fairly short order. And what we found was that we had strong country managers in -- for the most part, in Niscayah, which was good, but we also found that the centralized management team was quite weak in Europe. We...
James M. Loree: Yes, yes, yes. So in any event, yes, I -- well, everything I've said thus far relates to Europe. And we'll talk about North America separately. So we put a Stanley leader in charge of the business. He replaced the entire management team within about 4 months after ownership, and they have gotten great traction. And they have outperformed their cost synergies. And now they're really focused on growing the business in a tough environment. One of the challenges with Niscayah was that, from a growth perspective, in addition to the environment, was the fact that a fairly significant percentage of their revenue came from referrals from Securitas because they were -- at one time, Securitas and Niscayah were part of the same company and then they were spun, Niscayah was spun from the parent. And they still had a symbiotic relationship because Niscayah was the electronic business and Securitas was the guarding business. And so when a customer needed electronics, they were referred over to Niscayah. So we've had to kind of fill that -- the gap there in the revenue that no longer comes from Securitas because they were the ones that we contested the acquisition with so they're not the -- they're not our friendliest allies out there in the marketplace. So I think the management team has done a fabulous job, when you think about the revenue being down about 5% on the average this last year organically, of filling the gap for the lost business from Securitas as well as dealing with a difficult market in Europe. And they're -- it's very stable. They're going to perform at or above the cost synergy targets. And the acquisition is going to drive every bit of return that we thought it would. And in addition to that, it has really enabled us to be a global security franchise. We're really one -- we're really the only commercial security company in the world that can coordinate globally now, which is a big advantage. So all that is a good story. It's a tough environment. We bought it right before the European market issues were manifested. However, we expected that, we anticipated that. And so I think in the end this is going to be a terrific acquisition. It's -- the operating margins are about double what they were when we bought it, now, and moving on up again this year as well. So it's all in pretty good place. The North American piece, I think, was, for the most part, a pleasant surprise in the sense that -- I talked earlier about these value propositions and the verticals and so forth. They brought in North America great strength in these verticals. So they had a vertical market approach in North America. They were relatively subscale but they managed to do quite well with their business despite that because they have such strong vertical value propositions. We've taken those and we've now integrated them with the commercial force in North America, which has given us an advantage, we think, in the marketplace, especially as we pursue these organic growth initiatives. So I think on balance, we're very happy with Niscayah. It would have been better if the public relations aspect of this, buying a European company, hadn't occurred 2 months before the Europe went into a deep freeze, but nonetheless, we anticipated that. We have it all built into our pro formas, and it's going to be a great acquisition. It already is.
James M. Loree: And in addition to all that, we have looked at a number of companies that do this and in terms of business development activity. And I can tell you that their income statements and their cash flow statements and so forth, when you consider what -- the things that we know and the synergies that we can bring to that sort of business model, we -- there is an existence theorem. And I think it's really important because what John described was now 80% to 90% the theory of the case, but we have examples in the emerging markets of business development targets that we've looked at that can get there and so we know it can be done.
James M. Loree: Yes, the organic growth has the ability to drive operating leverage in the company. So while there will be some investments, the investments, for the most part, are simply the operating expense that kind of goes with the gross margin in order to get a certain contribution margin. In some cases, if we're building a plant and so forth, there will be some additional fixed costs. But I would say that we fully expect the emerging market element of this to be, overall, rate accretive to the company, even with all of those investments, very quickly. So it'll be a net positive for operating margins over the long term for the company from the emerging markets. And then most of the other thing that we're doing are very much relying on existing plant, existing facilities. We're adding salespeople, for the most part, commercialization people. That is going to be more incremental at the contribution margin line, based on what we do today. And in most of these initiatives, we're -- as you walk through them, in many cases you'll see that every one of them has a specific value proposition associated with it. And we're big believers in that, the stronger the value proposition, the more you can get paid for something. And we're very much interested in value-pricing these as we go forward.
James M. Loree: Yes. I think now is a great time to do it, number one. It historically has served Best quite well because, if you go back when I -- if you go back to the -- I think it was the '30s when Best kind of came into existence, they had a patented product that was the interchangeable core that played extremely well in certain segments of the market like health care, education, government and so on. And they -- and as the market evolved over the years, they had the direct model and the 2 largest competitors had a distribution-oriented model. And as the economy slowed down and construction slowed down over the last 5 years or so, the distributors, with their profit margins under pressure, began to look more and more at other ways to grow their business and to grow their profits and they started becoming more aggressive in some of the markets that were traditional home territory of Best. And today, we're not dealing with a proprietary interchangeable core anymore. The patents have all expired and so forth. So our sales force is largely accustomed to being sort of -- had a farming mentality, if you will, in serving these customers and did a lot of transactional support for the customers and so forth, things that distributors do very well. But they weren't out there with the size and scope of go-to-market resources that the distributors were. And though -- and we did have the advantage that we could cover multi-geographic locations more effectively with a direct model, but it also is more expensive. And so when we've looked at this change, we think that this is a moment in time when we have enough value to add to the distributors in the sense that we have an installed base, very valuable, and we have extremely robust new product development for the first time during our ownership of Best Access, especially in the mid-price-point product, which has become extremely important in the -- with the economic issues that are going on today. So for us, to get to the construction market, we felt we needed to make this change. And we felt that it's always somewhat risky in an entrenched distribution model, but we believe that this is a time -- a moment in time when we have enough value to add to these distributors that we can partner up with them and put away the competitive aspect that we've had that's always made it difficult to work, to coexist, with the distributors with the kind of a hybrid model that we had. And we've taken a lot of cost out of the field in order to account for the somewhat-lower gross margins that'll be associated with this. And so we think it's income neutral from the standpoint of making the change because of the cost takeouts. And we think that this will enable us to really charge up the organic growth in the MAS model. So we still believe that it will be a great return business on a go-forward basis, but we think it'll be a higher-growth business.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, I'll take that, Mike. There's some level of granularity we're not going to provide on this call. But I think we've been fairly public. Remember, our -- you know well, our Security business in general, and North American business in particular, is overwhelmingly commercial. About 20% to 25% of that business is driven by non-residential or commercial construction. That's the biggest driver. About another 15% is retail construction. And as Jim pointed out, while commercial construction is improving from a very low base, we still don't anticipate for that to be a robust market. So what's slowed down the growth of that business the last 2 or 3 years is, quite frankly, the complete lack of any commercial construction activity or, certainly, the reduction in commercial construction activity. And we do need new commercial construction to get the new accounts, to prime the pump to generate the recurring revenue that is so important to that business. The opportunities, though, are in areas such as -- where we're less developed such as health care, which, as you know, is an important small but emerging high-growth business for us that we report within our Security business. And with the acquisition of Niscayah, particularly in North America, the Niscayah team is -- was very well positioned. It has tremendous vertical market expertise in the financial and banking sectors. That's 2 areas where, up until now, we had very, very little business. And we think that we have the opportunity to grow in those areas irrespective of market conditions. So you got a commercial construction market that is anything but robust, but we think it'll be a little better than -- it'll be no worse than prior years, with the upside opportunities in health care, financial institutions, all other things, a very little change from prior years.
John F. Lundgren: The answer is -- Don's going to give you a little more granularity, Rich. But remember, Niscayah is a big piece of that now. It's way below line average margin. That being said, we've increased the Niscayah operating margin between 500 and 800 basis points. So part of it is simply math, as the Niscayah represents almost 40% of our Security segment now and the margins continue to increase. But I'll ask Don to give you just a little more granularity than that.
John F. Lundgren: Rich, and I'll remind you of one more thing. I know you're aware of this, but remind you, and I think it's important for everyone else on the call, this business overall, more on the mechanical than the convergent side, does have a little bit of seasonality. And historically, if you go back in time, you're looking at a couple hundred basis points lower margins in the first and fourth calendar quarters, a lot of reasons. We've discussed them, and more -- better margins in the second and third quarter. It's purely due to seasonality. And so as you're looking at that long-term margins, take a 12-month look and project forward. And be careful projecting off a quarter because I would argue that second and third quarter flatters our margins a little bit, and first and fourth quarter depresses them somewhat artificially due to seasonality.
John F. Lundgren: There's -- simply said, it's factors really beyond our control. China has a very methodical antitrust, believe it or not, approval process. We've done everything we can do. We are in the queue and, simply said, any acquisition is very, very thoroughly reviewed and that we see little or no risk. As I'm sure you're aware, Chinese New Year, which starts in mid-February, things do slow down a lot, so I believe there is an incentive on the authority side to get that behind them prior to Chinese New Year. And obviously, there's an incentive for us to get it done. But what our advisers tell us is we've done everything we can do. It's in good hands. It's going through a very normal and expected, albeit a slow, approval process. But we don't see any -- there's -- there are no numerical activities or issues, it's just a question of time.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, I think it's as simple as -- and I think, Jim described it pretty well. We are familiar enough with the end markets that we understand the features that people will pay for and they won't. And our history with a product that was successful at lower margins was, quite frankly, we were up. I'll use the not-so-elegant term of dummying down products produced for the West by taking cost out to get to a price point where it would sell. The new approach, and it's a pervasive effort across our company, of designing to value, what will -- what product teardowns? What will an end user pay for? What does he value, and what does he not value? So simply, it's reengineering these products from a clean sheet of paper, as opposed to trying to just take cost out of a higher-cost product produced with more features and benefits for a market that it wasn't designed for. And as Jim said, to do that, we need basically a 0-base or clean-sheet engineering approach, which we've invested in and that's part of the investment that Jim alluded to. And secondly, we need to produce it locally in plants. They're going to be -- they're certainly going to be capable -- not capable, they will adhere to Western EH&S standards. Some of them are already our plants but with a lot less overhead, a lot less infrastructure than some of the plants designed to produce premium-priced products in low-cost countries but to export to Western markets. So the combination of designed for local market needs and produced in local markets will give us a tremendous edge, and this is something we've got a lot of experience with. We know what the price points are in the market. So we're beyond cautiously optimistic. We're confident that this approach is going to yield the kind of results we're looking for.
