Donald Allan: Thank you, Corbin. There is no doubt challenging environments in recent history, which underscores the need to accelerate our strategic transformation that will carry the benefits of increasing agility and improving our responsiveness to customer demand. Our portfolio transformation comes at an ideal time as it enables us to unlock significant value by rapidly pivoting the organizational structure and operating plan towards a more focused company, centered around great franchises within our Tools & Outdoor and industrial businesses. We have an aggressive cost program that we expect will yield $1 billion of savings by the end of next year and approaching a cumulative savings of $2 billion within three years. This will allow us to accelerate investments in our core businesses as the demand environment clears. As we look forward, we have a clear vision, and we believe these actions will reshape our organization and elevate our focus on our customer and end user needs, enabling us to deliver strong shareholder value through long-term growth and enhanced profitability. With that, we are now ready for Q&A, Dennis.
Donald Allan: Yes. Thanks, Tim, for the question. When I think about what is happening right now, I mean, there is a lot of information that we have, data we have around POS that is impacting clearly, our business and our products. We also have conversations with many of our customers that we serve. We also have seen some recent earnings releases from other companies that are in spaces where we are as well as - or close to that type of category in the building product space. So I feel like when you triangulate all that information, it definitively says there is a slowing demand environment happening that is occurring. And so we also are looking at it, we have looked at all our pricing, as I mentioned, versus our competitors. And our price points are pretty much at par with all our competitor products in all the major key categories. So we don't see any big gaps where we have premiums that are significant versus our competition. Based on all that factor, it doesn't feel like there is anything unique that is happening related to Stanley Black & Decker that this is truly more of a market phenomenon that that is playing out, which makes sense because a lot of the products that we are providing. There is some discretion associated with those products and certain buying decisions versus some of the other building products that are necessary to build a home, whether that is lumber or whether that is insulation, windows, doors, there is still a fair amount of backlog that exists in the pro market. And although we are starting to see signs that maybe that backlog is dwindling a little bit. And the orders going in there are not as strong as they have been in the last year. However, there is a fair amount of backlog to continue probably a strong pro performance for another six to nine-months. But when you get to the discretionary decisions on tools, and some of the other categories that I mentioned, you can start to see where we begin to begin the tip of a spear of a downturn, and that is really what I believe we are seeing right now. On the cost side, thank you for asking that question, we have been very thoughtful about how we are going to do this. So the $2 billion, $1.5 billion will be very focused on supply chain transformation. I went through all the details of that. That is not touching brand that is not touching engineers. That is not touching the sales organization. So that leaves you with the $500 million of SG&A, $200 million of that is the corporate simplification, where we are really just taking out a lot of the complexity of our corporate organization. We are no longer a diversified industrial company. We are primarily a Tools & Outdoor company, with an excellent industrial business alongside of it as well. It makes us a very simpler company than we can be more streamlined, more efficient and effective and then we have a significant indirect spend component, which is not people related. And then there is the, what I would call, the optimization of spans and layers, which is about $100 million. And that is really looking at that structure of how our businesses are organized and how many layers do we need, what is the span of control and really trying to optimize that. And that really, for the most part, will avoid the R&D organization, the sales organization, our digital marketing organization and really be more focused on the leadership team and the management of the businesses and also simplifying the processes that they utilize to make decisions throughout the day and the week as they drive the business. I feel pretty confident that we are very much focused on making sure we do not impact the organization that you mentioned.
Donald Allan: Yes. I would say that when we go through those questions there, why don't we start with the buyback, we will get to the buyback as soon as we can. But as Corbin said, we are focused on inventory reduction, getting our cash flow performance to higher levels, fairly significant performance in the back half of this year as we both described. Another strong performance next year will be expected for cash flow and we will be focused on that. We will also be focused on getting our debt levels down to where we want them to be, where we have had them historically related to debt-to-EBITDA ratios. When we feel like we are in a good position to do that, we will do the buyback. That could be in 2023 or it could be a little bit later. Time will tell. We will see how things play out. Corbin, maybe you can take the question on the $6 to $7 and 2023 and provide a little more granularity and clarification of that.
Donald Allan: Yes. And so the other part of Nigel's question was about commodity trends. So yes, we had a high in the March, April time frame. We have seen commodities pull back significantly, except for lithium. Lithium is still holding in pretty strong because there is still a high demand for batteries across many industries. But a lot of those spot prices have dropped back to levels that are closer to where they were at the beginning of the year. And so we are aggressively pursuing that opportunity. It is unlikely to have an impact on 2022 just because of where we are with inventory at this stage and trying to really liquidate a large portion of our inventory. But as we go into 2023, we have not factored that into our transformation savings. So that is an opportunity that we want to pursue. If these spot levels are maintained where they are, that clearly could be a significant opportunity that would improve the performance that we are talking about that could potentially play out for 2023. But as the year goes on and we get more progress in that area and we begin to see the impact of that in the later stages of 2022 as we start to plan for 2023, we will provide more color, but that is an opportunity that is out there that we will be pursuing as it has really reached a level of significance from a spot rate differential versus where it was in April.
Donald Allan: Yes. I think, Michael, it is a good question. As you think about the dynamics, we are navigating here. And I guess I will start with, as we have done three rounds of price. I mentioned in my presentation that our price points are very consistent with our competitor price points in virtually every category. So we feel like the current price environment is a level playing field from that perspective. We did mention surgical price increases as an opportunity in the back half. But that is very modest. That is not a large number we are pursuing. Corbin also mentioned, we are not doing a round for price because of the dynamics we just described around commodity prices and slowing demand playing out as well. We also have to remember there was a big part of a front-end inflationary period last year where we didn't have price recovery for the first six to nine-months in some cases of that cycle. And so as the tale of the cycle plays out, where we start to experience deflation, we tend to hold on to the price through the cycle as that tail plays out. And then once we are starting to capture significant benefits in our P&L from commodity deflation, we begin to look at where are our margins, where do we want our margins to go, where is the pricing versus the market, do we need to make some surgical changes based on that. And we have a very robust team and process that we have created over the last two-years that is 100% dedicated to this work in this type of analysis that allows us to be very fluid and agile, but I always remind people of there is a significant gap we had at the beginning of the cycle, where we had very little recovery of inflation versus price. And at the tail, there will be a period of time where we have the benefit of higher prices as commodity inflation is receding or we are having deflation in this particular case. That is the way it is historically paid out. It is most likely the way this is going to play out. That doesn't mean there won't be occasional surgical promotional things that happened versus those list prices to drive higher levels of volume or performance in certain categories. Those things will happen. But in a general playing field, that is likely how the price versus commodity deflation will play out over the next 12 to 18-months.
Donald Allan: Yes. I will start and then pass it over to Corbin for a little more detail. There is nothing unusual in the margins between the two quarters in the back half of this year. So there is no dramatically low number in Q3 and dramatically high number in Q4. They are relatively consistent overall for the company. Corbin talked about what we expect to do with gross margins as a company as we go into next year and getting into the low 30s with a road map for the longer term of 35-plus percent. We believe that is a model that works very effectively for this portfolio of businesses and products. And that is something that if you look at history, you have a history that would demonstrate that. But really, the model that I described when I laid out kind of the strategy of where we need to go and the focus on investing in innovation, investing in commercial leadership, investing in our supply chain, et cetera, et cetera, all those different areas. That consistent investment model will allow for not only strong growth two to three times the market growth but also allows for higher levels of profitability. One of the benefits of having the Pro market and the Pro brand like the Walt in particular, but some of our other niche brands such as Pacome and Proto our programs as well. Obviously, on the Outdoor side, we have got some great brands with Hustler from the Excel acquisition, Cub Cadet DEWALT as well in that category. Those channels have and always have had high levels of profitability. And so that gives us confidence as well because we are looking to continue to shift, especially on the Outdoor side, more and more into the pro category where the higher levels of profitability are. But Corbin, maybe you give a little bit of color on. SP1.
Corbin Walburger: The only thing I would add is if you think about the second half of 2022 and then you annualize that, that gets you a little over $3 and then if you take the $1 billion of incremental cost in 2023, that gets you a little over $4. And so you get - it is another way to get back to what we did in 2019 at $3 plus $4, a little over $7 a share.
Corbin Walburger: Yes, you bet, Nigel. The way that I was thinking about it was if you take the run rate for the second half of which is about $1.50, and you analyze that, that becomes about $3 on an annual basis of an EPS base. And then if you add the $4 which is the $800 million of additional cost savings we plan to get in 2023, that is $4. So the $3 plus $4 gets you to $7, which is close to what the 2019 base is. Just another way to think about 2019 being a baseline for earnings going forward.
Corbin Walburger: Julian, the only thing else I would add is that if you think about going into 2023, the benefits that we will start to see from a gross margin standpoint from the supply chain transformation and then from an SG&A standpoint, from the other cost reduction that we laid out, those will be pretty even throughout the course of 2023. So you will start to see both gross margin and operating income margin slowly start to improve throughout the year.
