Jeff Ansell: Thank you, Don. 2017 is shaping up to be a strong year for global Tools & Storage. We delivered organic growth at every region, every strategic business unit, and with all of our top customers. In fact, we've received vendor awards for more than 10 of our largest customers this year. Our brands continued to perform well on a global basis. With brands like Black & Decker, Stanley, Porter-Cable, and Mac Tools, all up single-digits while brands like Proto, Vidmar, and DᴇWALT all grew double-digits. Innovation is a clear differentiator using DᴇWALT as an example; we've posted 3% growth this year in the declining corded power tool market simply based upon our Made in USA strategy. Add to this, over 20% year-to-date growth in our world's largest and best 20 volt cordless range, which continues to expand with our cord innovation focus. Finally add over 100% growth in our technologically superior flexible range. All in all it's a formidable share gain machine from top to bottom as demonstrated by at least two times market POS growth. All of this has occurred concurrent with the integration of the second and fourth largest acquisitions in our company's history namely Irwin, Lenox, and Craftsman brands. With this as a backdrop, I'm pleased to provide an update on an initiative that will be a catalyst for further organic growth to Craftsman brand. Over the past six months, we built a completely dedicated team to bring our vision of a new re-Americanized Craftsman delight. This team is responsible for the development of a best ever craftsman product pipeline to reinvigorate the iconic Craftsman brand. As Jim mentioned earlier, we continue to make great progress on Craftsman product development, supply chain deployment, and commercial strategy which includes the full support of Ace Hardware through their 2,800 stores supporting Craftsman. Today, we're also pleased to announce that we will roll out the Craftsman brand in the second half of 2018 with Lowe's in the home center channel. We have been more than impressed with the level of commitment and support afforded by Lowe's for the Craftsman brand. We continue working with other channel partners to continue to provide them with successful programs to facilitate their growth as well. With this said, I would like to turn the call back over to Jim to wrap up today's presentation.
Jeff Ansell: Thanks, Jim. I guess the view would be Craftsman is a broad-based brand across North America, plays across so many categories and channels. And given that we serve every geography well over 50,000 discrete customers, we're very proud to announce this partnership with Lowe's in the home center channel. We are concurrently working through the commercial process across other channels which includes e-commerce. We do well know that Craftsman is the number one search term in e-commerce -- in e-commerce space; it also is a great brand across MRO spaces et cetera. So a lot of good work to be done as Jim reported, we announced everything we could to this point but Craftsman continues to be a good opportunity across many different customers and channels.
Jeff Ansell: In regard to Craftsman second question was I guess at this point there is still much work yet to be done. We build a dedicated team of well over 100 folks to do the really good work of building out as we call it a re-Americanized best ever Craftsman platform and what that means is we're starting with a parcel of land overlooking the ocean with no structure on it as an example. So much work to be done. But the great news is you take a 90-year emotionally charged brand like Craftsman, and you can build it from the ground up very rare that you have that opportunity. So there is so much to be done with thousands of products in development that I think that 2018 looks like really a labor of love to us at this point with much great work to be done. But we remain on track probably for the second half of next year and we feel really confident about the guidance we previously presented around Craftsman growth.
Jeff Ansell: Maybe the only thing to add would be bit on the process. So when it comes to an inflationary environment from a commodity perspective, as Don just described, our first action is to do everything possible inside of our network to drive productivity to attack those costs and the things that we can cover we certainly pass along in the way of price. So we work with our customers in that regard. We also get smarter as time goes on. So clearly the second and fourth quarter are the biggest promotional periods for any tool company, but probably 25% of all the programming that we do annually is eliminated in one year and change for the next. So we learned what worked, what didn't work, where we'll spend money, whether we had a good payback on that. And at least a quarter of what we do every year changes as we get smarter get more experience et cetera and we will continue to work those things so that we get the best possible payback for the investment of price that you mentioned.
Jim Loree: Thank you, Jeff. Another extraordinarily strong quarter for Tools & Storage and an exciting development in connection with Craftsman brand. To recap for the total company, we delivered strong third quarter results maintaining our trend of above market organic growth and robust operating margin performance. Facilitated by our continued strong operating results, we increased EPS guidance for the year excluding charges and the gain on the sale of mechanical security we up guidance to $7.38 at the midpoint, a 13% increase over the prior year, and we continue to be excited about the opportunities to deliver value from our recent acquisitions. And as I mentioned earlier, both the Newell tools and Craftsman brand integrations remain on track and the experienced integration teams are energized to deliver our financial and customer commitments. Our deep and agile leadership team along with our entire employee base are focused on closing out 2017 with a good set up for 2018 leveraging our SFS 2.0 operating system to deliver strong free cash flow, organic growth with earnings leverage and continuing to successfully integrate the Lenox, Irwin, and Craftsman brands into our portfolio. We're encouraged by our results thus far in 2017 as we continue to position the company for a strong 2018. A little over one year into the role as CEO I could not be more pleased with the energy and enthusiasm from the team as we remain focused on delivering top quartile performance becoming known as one of the world's great innovators and demonstrating our commitment to social responsibility. These are all enablers to achieve our 22/22 vision and to be a great human centered diversified industrial company. And on a final note, I would like to thank Greg Waybright for his many years of dedicated service as our VP of IR. He is retiring at the end of this month to be succeeded by the very capable Dennis Lange. All the best Greg in your retirement and we're now ready for Q&A.
Jim Loree: So the advantage of being able to talk about Craftsman at the level we did is that it enables our partner loves to be able to report what could be a material item to their -- in connection with their releases and so forth. It really we would have preferred actually not to have to disclose as much as we actually did right now just from the standpoint of competitive intelligence, protection of our competitive strategy, and so forth. So it makes it very difficult to go into too much more detail. But with that I will turn it over to Jeff and he will give you whatever else he can.
Jim Loree: Yes. So let me just sort of circle back and talk about what our strategy is from an M&A perspective and I think that will help put things in context. So the first element of our strategy is protect the core. And I think you've seen as assets have become available, quality assets in the tool business which is part of our -- significant really most significant part of our core, we had been agile and made some moves that have been designed to not only protect but also enhance the core. And I think one of the things that's hard for people to understand and I think maybe you got a little bit of it from listening to Jeff is the absolute amount of effort that goes into integrating something like even like a Lenox or a Irwin but when you talk about Craftsman starting from literally nothing more than a brand, a history, and three people which is what we got with that that is an enormous undertaking and we're so pleased with the progress that we’re making along the way here to do the design work and the supply chain work and the commercialization and so forth. But it is very consuming for the organization and I have never seen including at the time that we integrated Black & Decker and Stanley, I have never seen the organization work so hard, so diligently, and produced so much and so right now it is almost impossible to imagine we get further on down the pike, probably another year, year-and-a-half something like that, when the organization has more bandwidth to think about doing something else in Tools whether the Lawn & Garden which has now become essentially part of the core as a result of the Craftsman acquisition or whether it be some other assets that might be out there available in the future. And then so the second part of our strategy is really to make sure that we continue our progress to invest in some other areas outside of Tools in -- that are also parts of our core, important parts of our core. So things areas such as Industrial and in Security and we fully intend to be feeding those segments or those businesses, franchises with capital and allocate the acquisition capital into those segments where it makes sense. And so one of the nice advantages of being a diversified industrial company is that enables us to direct capital in different parts of the portfolio based on availability of assets but also bandwidth of the organization and financial capacity of the company to absorb. So hope that's helpful but I think it basically says that it will be a while before we endeavor into something like Lawn & Garden or some other tool areas.
Jim Loree: I think Jeff said it all, it's early days here and the amount of specifics even as it relates to the Lowe's conversations, our TBD in terms of a lot of work still to be done, so it's hard to really come out and answer that question with anything specific other than say that when we put the $1 billion over 10 years out there on the -- when we announced the acquisition and when our board approved the acquisition on that basis, we really didn't really fully know how the customer conversations would evolve. So I think it's fair to say that we thought we were being conservative when we put those numbers on the table. But as it relates to the timeframe, the profitability, the ramp, all these types of things, it's just too early but we will keep you posted as we get more clarity as time goes on.
Jim Loree: Well it's always; Security is always a great cash flow business for us because we're in the commercial security business and in commercial security the customer pays for the installation as opposed to residential security where historically the vendor, if you will, has paid for the CapEx upfront. So cash flow is a great stream and the recurring revenue is a dependable stream as well. So the existing business we will call it the core commercial security business, it's a good business but what's happening in the digital world and I think as everybody knows is the advent of Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, I could go on we all are familiar with the laundry list of new technologies that are facilitating great value creation for customers be that commercial or otherwise, but in this case I think the fact that they would be commercial is relevant. And I think we have a really, really great asset that we can leverage to become an integrator for those types of technologies in specific applications, specific areas, and not only that but to also develop recurring revenue streams that are differentiated -- the value proposition are differentiated and recurring revenue streams will continue. So I think we will end up with a core commercial security business that we have today that will be enhanced through innovation and sustainable for a long period of time. And on top of that, I think we will start to see the emergence of a growth oriented higher technological content business that is scalable and will develop an ecosystem. That will take some time but we are doing everything on our power to accelerate that and to make sure that as the market unfolds that we have a position deployed in that market.
Jim Loree: Yes. Well I'm actually quite thrilled with the innovation that's come out of our breakthrough innovation teams obviously FlexVolt was pilot and it really was major homerun. Some of the other innovations, a good portion of the other innovations are a little bit more on the periphery of our core. So an example would be the connected job site that we have put together. We have the world's best tech connected job site which brings Wi-Fi to construction projects and then it brings Internet of Things to projects and then construction sites and then brings intelligent analytics and interfaces with architectural design systems and even integrate things like augmented reality and so forth. Very exciting innovation they had worked really hard on it, it’s been piloted three times unsuccessfully on different major construction sites. And so now it's time to scale it. And that's where I would say our biggest challenge comes in and what we're needing to do with this to make sure that we scale it appropriately is to create a more exponential oriented organization. So in the traditional organization in this case just came out of the power tool business. So you have power tool commercial people who have a history of great success commercializing power tools and now we're trying to sell connected job sites. Well it's a different skillset, the customers are the same but it's a different skillset and so we need partners, we need different skillsets in our own organization and we also need to liberate them, so they can go spend more money to scale it faster to the extent that we can afford that in our very measured kind of investment management ways that enables us to both achieve operating leverage on one end at the same time, make investments. I know there were some people on the phone this morning before the call, some of the analysts were saying well why didn't you get more operating leverage in tools, while we spent more money on investments for the future in tools and that's one of the big reasons and so that's kind of the challenge is really gauging from a financial standpoint but getting them enough capital and expense to liberate them to go often and scale appropriately when they created a great thing like the connect job sites. And then just providing a little different organizational model which we will talk more and more about in the coming quarters but we're doing some work with breaking out some exponential organizations from the traditional organization and I think that's going to be one of the key elements of the success in commercializing the breakthrough innovations that are not let's say necessarily right in the middle of the fairway. The FlexVolt is a battery system, the power tool commercialization people know how to commercialize battery systems, and the digital marketing folks from the digital accelerator down at Atlanta were very helpful in enabling that digital marketing approach for that project and it was just a fabulous combination of leveraging our existing resources. And some of the other innovations and not all of them, probably two or three, four of them are really into core and you will see them coming out over time in the traditional organization, but I think some other ones probably see a little different approach more of a silicon valley like approach to commercializing.
Jim Loree: Okay. I will answer the part related to your question about the experiments, the pricing experiments then I will turn it over to Don. So I have promised myself and actually I promised my team as well never to say the word experiment in connection with pricing again after the brouhaha it created after the last call. So pricing is an iterative process and I think Jeff kind of addressed it already that Jeff is there anything else you want to say about that before we turn it over to Don for the second part of the question.
Jim Loree: Yes, it's more of an ongoing growth initiative than a one-time bump because the reason we made these changes is absolutely for the purpose of driving share gain and organic growth in Turkey and in Russia. So if you think about the approach that we used to have, we had a couple of major distributors and that was it. And I think it was one in Turkey and then a couple in Russia. And instead of blanketing the market with sales reps, end user demand stimulating activities and distribution, physical distribution centers. So we've gone from a kind of half baked approach to a full-frontal attack on those markets and so that it is a very sustainable approach and we should expect some pretty good growth out of those in regions notwithstanding any geopolitical turmoil that may occur in those very volatile regions in the years to come.
