Donald Allan: Sure. I'd be happy to do that. So, in the Industrial segment, we were down 6% here in the second quarter. We don't expect the decline to be as severe in the back half of the year, probably low-single-digits, with it being a little larger in the third quarter and smaller in the fourth quarter as the comps get easier, in particular related to the electronics business. When you look at the different pieces, we do feel pretty good about our automotive fastener business in the back half of the year. It's seen a strong performance in the first half, up mid-single-digits as far as organic growth. And then in the back half, we expect that trend to continue as we get over a more difficult comp related to some of the equipment sales that we had in the first half related to the automotive systems business. The electronics business will continue to be a pressure point in the back half, although as the comps will slowly get easier as time goes on. We would expect that to be a rather large negative V in the back half as it has been in the first half and the general industrial business will kind of be a low- to mid-single-digit decline, as well, in the back half.
Donald Allan: Yeah, I think obviously the second quarter was an outstanding margin performance and organic growth performance, as Jim mentioned, for Tools & Storage. As we look at the back half, we still see very strong margins. We're certainly not going to see 18.8% at this stage because of some of the reasons that you mentioned. We're also beginning to anniversary the commodity deflation that we've experienced over the last year. That's been a strong benefit for the business and will not be a continued incremental benefit on a go-forward basis. And then FLEXVOLT, as you mentioned, is an area that is an initial pressure point to gross margins as we roll that out. Over time, they will be accretive to gross margins as we get deeper into the launch next year, and then we also have launch costs that are specific to this program that will continue out through the remainder of 2016, which means that the gross margins in the back half of the year will be roughly somewhere between the 15.5% to 16.5% range, most likely because of those dynamics. The ongoing margins, however, from an incremental margin perspective will continue to be healthy and consistent with what we've said in the past, that as we see organic growth, incrementally we would expect 30% to 35% drop through in margins, sometimes affected by specific quarter activities where it might be slightly lower if we're making investments or if there's certain types of mix that occurs. But our trend line over the long term for Tools & Storage is still positive. They will likely end the year close to 17% operating margin, if not slightly over. We'll see how the year progresses. And we would expect that they would continue to improve from that on a go-forward basis.
Donald Allan: Yeah, so, John is absolutely correct that the Security business continues to generate a positive momentum around various initiatives, specific to profitability. We've talked about several of them over the last year or so on different occasions as driving more efficient field productivity, really trying to streamline their SG&A, to achieve certain objectives over the long-term as a percentage of revenue, and they continue to make progress in that regard. And combining that with the fact that they're being much more disciplined around pricing and the new business that they enter into so they ensure the right levels of profitability on new business, have allowed us to continue to increase the profitability. And you just see in the first half, we had roughly 12%, just under 12% profitability in Q1 and then 12.6% in Q2, and we think that's a good indicator of the trend that we'll see in the back half, and for obviously the full year, with hopefully being close to 100 basis points improvement year-over-year in operating margin rate in that business. And the good news is that we're seeing in all three regions. Obviously, emerging markets is relatively small, but in the case of North America and Europe, we're seeing traction in both regions in a significant way, and we see more opportunity for additional upside as we continue this disciplined approach on a go-forward basis. As it relates to specifics to electronics business within Engineered Fastening and Industrial, yeah, I think that's a business that we continue to be very disciplined with, and around pricing, and we're interested in certainly some aspects of that business, but as a result of some of these decisions as well as some of the customer decisions that have been made over the last year, the business has shrunk dramatically and now represents close to $70 million on an annualized basis. And we think, for the long-term, that's probably a reasonable number somewhere between $50 million to $70 million, but we'll see where we go from here but that's kind of how we're viewing the business at this stage.
Donald Allan: Sure, Mike. This is Don. I'll take that. We think this year we're probably getting about $40 million to $50 million of benefit from commodity deflation, and a lot of that primarily is in the first half, as we're really starting to anniversary some of those benefits that we started experiencing last summer. And so, in the back half of the year, we don't expect incremental improvement and we might even see a little bit of pressure in certain commodities as you just touched on a couple of them but we don't expect that to be material in the second half of the year. We have mentioned previously that we had locked into a lot of commodity-based contracts with certain key vendors earlier this year for the remainder of 2016. So that will clearly probably create a little bit of pressure in 2017. At this stage, we think it's a manageable number, below $25 million for the full year, but obviously we'll continue to monitor commodity prices as we always do throughout the remainder of 2016, but that's kind of where we are at this stage.
Donald Allan: Yeah. I appreciate that. As we mentioned related to breakthrough innovation, just as a reminder to everybody, when we have major programs like this, our expectation is it will generate at least $100 million of revenue over a three year period, and clearly we think FLEXVOLT is going to exceed that, probably exceed it in a very significant way. As we look at 2016, we've had initially very high demand for the product. We expect, as Jim said, for it to hit the stores in late September, early October, and as a result, I indicated previously that I think we'll probably experience here in 2016, as a percentage for the total company, about a half a point of growth when you look at the entire year. And so that would be roughly $50 million to $60 million. That number could creep up as we go throughout the fourth quarter and could become closer to 0.75%, so we'll see how that progresses, but that's kind of the range you should look at initially. As we think about 2017, we would expect this to be probably a multi-hundred million dollar program next year, likely around $200 million, but we'll see as the year progresses and the success of the launch. We think the launch will be very, very successful. What we'd be looking at is the sell-through and how strong the sell-through is in the initial 90 days and how quickly the inventory turns, and we've clearly positioned ourselves through all the things that Jim mentioned around commercial excellence and digital excellence to try to maximize that opportunity.
Donald Allan: Yeah, absolutely. So, you're right, Dennis, we made an announcement a little more than a year ago about our evaluation of this portfolio. We, frankly, really began that evaluation in the early parts of this year, with last year more focused on continued improvement of the operational performance across the board and we're starting to see some of the fruit from that labor. And we had a good discussion at this board meeting and we will likely have another one in October, hopefully that will solidify our discussion and we'll be able to announce something post-October. But we've looked at obviously the three options we've discussed previously, which is keeping the entire business, potentially selling or spinning the entire business, or divesting a portion of it and we specifically had mentioned our mechanical lock business as a potential candidate for that. So we continue to evaluate those. I would say that, it's getting very close to the finish line, and I would imagine in the next 90 days to 120 days, we'll have something very clear to say on that.
James M. Loree: Yeah, I'll take it because this is something that we work really hard on at this company. You think about the gross margin performance this quarter in light of the FX pressures that we had, which almost totaled $40 million, it is really remarkable that we've been able to achieve this kind of accretion in the gross margin rate and what it really derives from working on everything that we possibly can to impact the margin rate in a positive way. And that starts with productivity and working hard on four wall cost productivity, working hard on vendor productivity, G&A productivity, our functional transformation initiative starting to pay some dividends, the commercial excellence initiative from SFS2.0, we're driving price realization, price optimization, all these things kind of combined, we are very, very focused on managing mix, focused on managing the lifecycle of new products, or products in general, and introducing new products at higher margins as the more mature products kind of margin has a degrading tendency over time. It's a combination of all those things, and we continue to target gross margin improvements over the medium-term, as well, and I think you'll see that over the coming years as a result of everything I just mentioned.
James M. Loree: Sure. The simple one is the second question which is about 400 basis points of difference at this point in time. And as far as the volume in North America, they've been working really hard on getting their field execution up to a level where the orders and the backlog can be installed efficiently and in a timely fashion. And I'd say the one thing that gives us the ability to be at what we think is an inflection point is the fact that the field has made a lot of progress in North America, so we actually haven't had that much of an issue generating the orders, and we have the ability to go out and generate even more orders. However, we've been throttling that a little bit as the field was sort of a bottleneck. And so that's really the answer, is the reason we're more optimistic about our ability to generate modest growth in electronic security in North America is because the field execution is improving, and the field capacity is, therefore, improving. Now, just as a side note, there's several components of North America which are doing just fine, in terms of growth, including the automatic door business and mechanical security, so this is the third leg of the stool, if you will, and once we get that moving in a positive direction, I think we'll be in a similar situation that we are in Europe, where we're generating organic growth on a more consistent basis.
James M. Loree: We actually do feel that the business is on solid enough footing in both North America and in Europe to digest a few small bolt-on acquisitions. And in fact, we are thinking along the lines that these types of bolt-on – RMR acquisitions, basically, is what they are – will supplement the installation business in terms of generating RMR, and that one of the keys to success in electronic security is to get the RMR portfolio, that's recurring monthly revenue for those that are unfamiliar with that term, but to get that portfolio sequentially increasing every quarter in both of those geographies. And the combination of installation growth and attrition management and small bolt-on acquisitions – we almost think of them as if they were CapEx for growth in the Security business. So you'll continue to see small ones. As far as major acquisitions in Security, no, there's nothing on the horizon in the medium-term – short- to medium-term, for that. We're actually enjoying working on operational excellence and execution in the business to – at the customer level in particular, to ensure that while all this consolidation is going on in the industry, we are providing the customers with the absolute best value proposition possible. And we think that we can continue to gain share – we're gaining share already in Europe and I think we can continue to gain share in Europe, and in the North American business I think we can begin to gain some share along the way with that as a strategy.
James M. Loree: Yeah, and anybody that had 14% organic growth in Europe and said it was sustainable would not be credible. So I mean, I think that's a very special performance. And we're on the heels of the two years of 7% comps which makes it even more challenging. But having said that, the European Tools team is literally on a rampage, a growth rampage, and the environment is the big unknown over there and the success of FLEXVOLT is also a big unknown. So it's difficult to say – peg a number. But I think the one thing that we can say for certain is that whatever the market is, we will continue to outperform it over there and continue to gain share for the foreseeable future.
James M. Loree: Okay. I hope so, if not, Mike, obviously you can follow-up with Greg, because I know after your question you didn't have access to speak again.
James M. Loree: I'll answer the first part of the question and then I'll turn it over to Don who will give his regular answer to that question. The answer is, no backfill for the COO role right away. There may at some point in time as the succession plan for me is developed and so on, it may be filled, it may not be, that all remains to be seen at this point. And then, Don, on the Security portfolio strategy.
James M. Loree: This industry that we're talking about, electronic security, is in very rapid flux right now, as I think most people know. And the IoT, in particular, the cloud, advanced analytics, these types of things are all impacting our industry. And, in fact, our industry is extremely well positioned to exploit some of those technological advances. And we're working very diligently and aggressively on several verticals, including healthcare and retail in particular in the United States, and in Europe we're taking a bit of a different approach where we're working more on specific applications and then trying to market those, generally kind of in the $1 million to $5 million annual revenue range, whereas the healthcare and retail solutions are a little bit higher ticket. The growth from those activities in the higher end verticals, the real key is to create this recurring revenue business model that will provide superior profitability and, therefore, enable us to get paid for the value. That is definitely something that we've been able to accomplish in healthcare, and now, in healthcare, we're really investing in significant growth because the next challenge that one faces in these types of verticals is scaling, and being able to make those significant investments that enable 10%, 20%, 30% growth. And that's challenging in a business that's in kind of a turnaround profitability mode, but we're going ahead and making some of those investments. In fact, healthcare is one area where we're doing it, retail is another one here in the States. Now, the fundamental growth model in traditional electronic security is always very challenging to grow it quickly because of the high recurring revenue content of the total revenue base, which means that – and also the attrition in the recurring revenue portfolio, which goes back to one of the reasons I think these bolt-on RMR acquisitions are a good idea because it takes some of the pressure off of the installation growth and the attachment of RMR to that installation revenue, and it enables more investment in kind of the high-growth areas. So you will see, over time, an improvement in a more consistent – in the growth rate and a more consistent growth rate coming out of electronic security, which is one of the reasons that we like the business because it does have that stable revenue stream once you get it moving in the right direction. And that's what we're really attempting to do right now.
James M. Loree: I would say it's probably 60% to 70% portable. Lots of times there's platforms that and certain technologies like IoT, cloud, analytics that you have those capabilities within the organization, but then there's application-specific activities that have to be tailored to specific applications, whether it's in a hospital or whether we're working on electronic article surveillance in a retail establishment. So that part of it, I'll call it the other 40%, is not portable.
John F. Lundgren: Don, go ahead. Let me just say, Rich, you're talking two different businesses: Security and then you're moving to Fastening. We'll get them both. But the sequential consistent improvement in Security, it's real and it's here to stay. In Europe, the team has really embraced the need to grow organically and they've done it consistently in a very tough market. U.S., the focus has been more on operational excellence, field efficiency, and both teams focusing on what we've asked them to focus on and they're doing a great job on both fronts. But I'll let Don answer your question specifically.
John F. Lundgren: Sure, Jeremie, it's John, I'll start and turn it over to Don. In terms of inventories, inventories are in great shape, both from our perspective and our customers'. I think it's important to note that our large customers have done a really, really good job mining data, working with us in a collaborative – with all their suppliers, but certainly us among their largest, in a collaborative manner, to get weeks at retail down to the 8 to 9 range, when historically 10 to 12 was as well as they could do without being out of stock. So the silver lining in the cloud for us is retail inventory – for us and our customers – retail inventories are at about their lowest levels that they've been in years, but despite that sell-off or decline in inventory, we've been able to grow nicely, and from the customers' perspective, in-stock is as good as it's been. Our fill rates are as good as they've ever been. So it's really the power of sharing the data on a collaborative basis, and sell-through remains good. So we see no issues in terms of inventory adjustment going forward. What I'll say on FLEXVOLT so far, and Don will quantify it to the extent he feels comfortable, so far so good. The customers have responded really, really well. We're capacitized to fill a tremendous amount of demand to the extent it exceeds our expectations. But I'm going to let Don quantify that to the extent that he's comfortable doing so.
John F. Lundgren: It was just Hand Tools, 2%. Could we ramp up organic growth on Hand Tools, which is 2%, which is below Power Tools. And I think you got it.
John F. Lundgren: Yeah, Jeff, said differently, and you know this as well as anyone, in any vertical about 50% of what we do is standardized across every vertical, but about 50% of what we do in a vertical is unique to that vertical, which is why we go to market that way. But to Jim's point, a whole lot of what we're doing is portable and we're looking forward to leveraging those opportunities.
