Patrick Hallinan: Hey, Julian, it's Pat. Yes, you have it correct. That's the correct EPS flow. I'd say the fourth quarter seasonal revenue impact is what drives the revenue and OM in the fourth quarter. So you're slightly north of $3.5 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter. And you're probably in between $300 million and $330 million in the OM range in the quarter with the flow in the third quarter, obviously rounding out the back half of the year. The third quarter is seasonally strong as some of the holiday shipments start humming around the September time frame. In terms of the tax drivers, as we've said before, these were some of the things that were in motion and affecting tax last year in '23, a set of discrete planning items that were put in motion even early stages of COVID and before. And so it will play out through this year and a bit into next year. I'd say for next year, we're probably in the high teens, approaching 20% range would be my guidance for tax for next year. We're obviously not at '25 guidance yet, but that would be kind of the ZIP code I would expect to be in.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. We're proud of the progress we made in the front half of the year. That progress was driven both by year-over-year income improvement, but also working capital improvement. The back half of the year is traditionally the strong part of the year. So we expect the drivers in the back half to remain income and working capital, but also a bit of CapEx. And I'd say by the time we get to the end of the year, the drivers of the beat on our initial guidance are going to be a mix of working capital and CapEx. And those drivers are going to be pretty much even between those two, will be roughly on our inventory target for the year. And I would say it's going to be pretty traditionally weighted in that it's going to be pretty balanced across those two quarters with a little bit towards the fourth.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. I'll start with the latter part of that, Nigel, and then I'll come back to the other first half dynamics. I'd say we're very confident in delivering our year in gross margin and taking that progression into 2025. And I think that's the most critical message we want to get across. We'll finish the year at 30%. The fourth quarter will finish in the low 30s. We would expect the fourth quarter even with some of the seasonal dynamics of the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is going to be north of 31%. And the third quarter is probably going to be at to slightly below 31%. I'd say those are ZIP codes. But those are all being driven off of the portfolio we have right now with the bias of progress at the gross margin line in the T&O business, which has been the case throughout this year and is likely to be the case heading into next year. In terms of the dynamics across Q1 and Q2, I'd say, there's less of a dynamic that is driven by the divestiture or any other movements. I mean the divestiture was modestly dilutive in that regard, but we had anticipated that when we set up the plan and set up the guidance. And really it's been playing out across the front half of the year was the fact that we had some volume softness in the back half of 2023 that always puts a little bit of unabsorbed overhead onto our balance sheet, which is unfavorable. And against that, we were raising an acceleration of program savings, which is what we've been up against for a while now as the macro has been soft on our margin improvement journey. And we've been successful in driving savings despite the soft macro. We expect to continue doing that throughout this year and into next year. And I think the dynamics that unfolded across the quarters were really those things coming off the balance sheet, an acceleration of savings relative to some softness in the back half of '23. And I think the really -- the favorable news is even with a stronger-than-expected outdoor performance, which is welcome from a revenue standpoint, we still deliver gross margin with strength coming from a segment that has gross margins slightly below fleet average. So we feel confident with the trajectory we're on. And we expect to continue to making progress and get into the mid-30s by the end of next year.
Patrick Hallinan: Hey, Mike, it's Pat. Yes, I think you're reading the year right. We had a growth quarter. We're very proud of driving a growth quarter in a very soft macro. The drivers of that were, I'd say, more traditional outdoor season, especially at retail and especially with electric products and outdoor. DEWALT posted its fifth consecutive quarter of growth. And then we had a strong aero through the -- we had strong aero performance throughout the quarter. And auto didn't really start trailing off until late in the quarter. Our expectation for the back half and we're just trying to be clear eyed about the back half. We're not here to break some big new macro news. It's just we expect DIY to stay soft. It's been soft and now we're heading into the holiday period where that's more consequential. Auto, we started trailing off in the second quarter, the latter parts of the second quarter. We expect that to remain soft. And so that's it's really driving the back half. But you would be correct in interpreting the fact that we expect the T&O business to be down slightly in the back half kind of roughly averaging down 100-ish basis points across the back half really on the backs of a soft consumer during a holiday period and the fact that the outdoor season has mostly run its course. And then in Industrial, we expect aero to remain strong, but we do have some auto headwinds baked into that which has that business to slight growth, but less robust than would have otherwise been the case had auto not trailed off. The SG&A for the year is going to be slightly above 21%, I would say, for the year. As far as next year, I mean, we're not here to kind of give '25 guidance. I don't expect SG&A as a percentage of sales next year to depart from this year in some meaningful way. All we were trying to signal is that we really believe this is a growth business and we're going to invest behind growth and we're going to protect growth investments. And so Chris and his team and the broader organization is working to put growth behind the most promising elements of our business and even in a soft macro to protect those investments, but we're not trying to telegraph some meaningful departure of SG&A as a percentage of net sales this year or next.
Patrick Hallinan: Hey, Joe, it's Pat. I'll start with the first one. I think reading our gross margin progression across time during this transformation has been complex because there's been so many factors in motion and some of them are what I would call atypical factors of when does expensive inventory come off the balance sheet. I would say the read of gross margin across fiscal 2024 is more a factor of it took a bit more of our savings in the latter part of '23 and the early part of '24 relative to soft volume to generate the gross margin improvement that we saw. And we had to accelerate savings throughout the latter part of '23 and throughout this whole year in a soft macro environment to get to our originally stated gross margin objectives throughout this whole journey. So Don and team laid out a road map in the latter part of 2022 that had us ending 2024 at roughly 30% and the fourth quarter in the low 30 percentile. But that was on a much, much more robust market and volume assumption. We're probably almost $1.5 billion in revenue down from that original 2022 assumption. So we've been accelerating savings to drive gross margin improvement. So the tick up from the first half of this year to the back half of this year has more to do with the savings cadence relative to longer-term margin dynamics than any kind of traditional seasonal dynamic.
Christopher Nelson: All right. Hey, Tim, this is Chris. Nice hearing from you and good morning as well. As far as the first part of the question from an operating environment perspective, as the guidance would indicate, we're essentially expecting the back half to have a similar operating environment as the front half. And we are dialed in to be back up to our run rate level of promotional support in the back half of the year. We feel very excited about what we've got laid in with our retailers and especially with our ability to drive more promotion and demand in our accretive cordless power tool segment. So that's what we're kind of looking at for the back half. As far as in that environment, what is really important is, and that we're -- as you heard from Don, we are absolutely committed to is executing our strategy. So if you think about what's going to really drive our performance in the back half and beyond, it's going to be continuing that supply chain transformation that allows us to not only drive margin accretion, but as our service levels continue to improve, we're getting more opportunities to take share and shelf space in that environment as we fulfil better for our customers. And then if we think about the investments, what we are committed to do with the investments that we're -- and the incremental margins that we're generating is to make sure that we funnel those to our highest growth priorities. Specifically, we've been talking about how we want to make sure with STANLEY, CRAFTSMAN and DEWALT, we are focusing on those brands and specifically investing in both market activation from a digital marketing perspective as well as we've been working to add field resources to make sure that we can work with our end users and our customers to make sure that they are -- understand our story, understand our products, and we can continue to get feedback on where we need to drive innovation. So that combination of the transformation with targeted investment that we're committed to, we've started to see some encouraging performance, especially as you've heard for the past couple of quarters with DEWALT. So we're going to stay committed to that and understand that we're going to navigate a fairly flat macro environment.
Christopher Nelson: Yes. This is Chris and nice to hear from you, Adam. Throughout the quarter as I think was mentioned earlier, point-of-sale was modestly positive. It was driven really the positive aspects were driven by an outdoor season that was more normally patterned as that season would look as well as the overperformance that we saw in DEWALT. As we finished out the quarter and the outdoor season at peak, we kind of saw them coming back more to that flattish type of perspective. And if you look at our back half, that's kind of what we think the market is going to look like in the back half as well.
Christopher Nelson: Thanks, Rob. This is Chris. I mean we certainly have seen a continuance of the trend that we've seen where the professional is relatively stronger than the consumer. And we would expect that to continue. We have certainly, as you would expect in this environment, seeing consumers respond much more favorably to promotions, and that's good for us because we're -- we have an opportunity as we get back up to our normal run rate on promotions to benefit from that and benefit with accretive business. So we feel good about that and what we see from the opportunity with our merchandising in the back half. As far as what we see looking forward, I mean, it's going to be an uneven environment as we go forward. And we're going to stay really focused on our mission to execute against the supply chain transformation as well as we know the things that we're investing in with our major brands and specifically targeting the professional provides us some upside to the market that we're going to continue to stay diligent as we pursue. So we're excited about where we're heading and do see that dynamic that you referenced with the consumer.
Christopher Nelson: All right. And for the second one, I think what I -- this is Chris. What I would say is that, first and foremost, we really like the end markets that we serve and we like them in the long-term. And we think that there's, as Don referenced, some really nice long-term GDP plus growth potential in those markets. But whether -- especially when you're talking about the professional and it's linked to whether it's residential or commercial and industrial construction. But I think it's safe to say that whether it's professional or the consumer, which you could argue, partially driven by repair and remodel are all fairly interest rate sensitive businesses, and that would be the precursor to what we think would be -- start the inflection point. And while it wouldn't be instantaneous, we think that is kind of the first thing in the cycle we'd want to see change that would then start to unlock some of that longer-term potential that we do see for those end markets that we serve.
