Donald Allan: Thank you, Pat. We are pleased to report another quarter of meaningful progress related to our transformation journey. Successful execution against our plan gives us the confidence to increase our focus on reinvestment toward faster growth as we fuel our team with more resources to unleash the power of our amazing brands, strengthen the innovation machine, and stimulate demand with enhanced end user activation. We believe our actions to reshape, focus and streamline our organization as well as reinvest in our core businesses will enable us to deliver significant shareholder value over the long term via robust organic growth and enhanced profitability. I am proud to be alongside the best people, the best brands, and the most powerful innovation engine in our industry. As we continue to focus on what we can control to be successful, I am confident that we are recreating a significant market share gaining machine. With that, we are now ready for Q&A, Dennis.
Donald Allan: Thank you for the questions. And I'll kick it off and then pass it over to Pat for a little more detail, as far as our perspective on next year. We have talked about in previous calls a $5 -- or a $4 to $5 range for 2024 for EPS. Given what we're seeing in the back half and what we're currently projecting for revenues, the improvement in the gross margins, we're making some investments in SG&A that will plant some seeds for future share gain activity. We do think we're positioning ourselves to be in that $4 to $5 for next year, depending on a couple of factors. Does the revenue maintain itself or grow? Or do we see continued pressure due to economic reasons? And how much more investment do we want to do to really drive that share gain opportunity across the globe? Those are questions that we'll figure out in the back half of the year. And when we provide guidance in early '24, we'll give more insight, but we think we've built a foundation that allows us to achieve that range I mentioned. I'll pass the inventory portion of the question over to Pat and let him give you a little more sense of where we think we are in the journey of inventory and where we go from here.
Donald Allan: And just a reminder recognizing that, as we launch new products at new price points throughout the year, the impact of the higher price versus the previous product that it's replacing does not flow through that price line, but it does flow through your margins. So you don't necessarily see the full impact of pricing decisions and processes that we have across the company because of that.
Donald Allan: Well, I think what I articulated and Pat added some detail to it and more robust detail to it is a pretty good summary of where we think we are at this point. And you could build a bullish case that the numbers should be higher for next year, but you do have to factor in the fact that we really want to make sure that we continue to invest in certain key things in our company. We have to get more resources out on the field, closer to our end users. We need to have more engineering resources in key pockets to drive additional innovation opportunities. We've talked about electrification. We want to continue to do that in certain categories that are changing very rapidly. We have to continue to invest in that space. There's more investing we need to do on the digital marketing front, around social media and the activities that we do with our products, to really make our end users as fully aware as to the great innovation machine that we have and what we're putting in the marketplace. Those are things that we have to continue to invest in and so we want to strike the right balance in 2024 of earnings in the sense and cash flow of what's the opportunity for growth as we look at the markets and evaluate that later this year going into 2024. We have a good sense of what's going to happen with gross margins, as Pat articulated. And then the other wildcard is really how much do we want to invest to really plant more seeds for share gain opportunities in the future. That's an important part of our business model that's going to ensure that we're successful for the next several decades, and we want to make sure we do it in the right way and the right level of balance. And that's why we think, as you think about next year, that range of $4 to $5 probably makes sense. If we change our perspective because of market conditions or how much we want to invest, we'll provide that as soon as possible, but I think it's the right way to think about next year at this stage.
Donald Allan: Well, I think the markets are -- do have some volatility to them. However, when you step back and look at the trends that have been emerging in the first six months of 2023, we all know it was a very challenging outdoor season. And everyone in the industry experienced it. We experienced it to. And the higher-priced ticket items, as I mentioned in my presentation, continue to be a pressure point. There's no doubt that the outdoor business went through a bubble during the pandemic. And there was a lot of purchasing activity because people were at home, and we're starting to see the back-end effect of that here in -- we experienced some of it last year and we're experiencing more here again in '23, and then we'll see what '24 brings in the future. The trends in POS continue to be positive, and I said that in my comments. July has been a good start to the quarter. At this point, it's not something that is an indication that we already feel like we're going to outperform expectations. As Pat said, it's a potential upside for us to evaluate and monitor as we go throughout the summer. And we'll see where things are trending, but the consumer continues to shift a lot of money away from home improvement and we just have to make sure that we continue to monitor that and see what happens. So I look at it as an opportunity and a positive that, hopefully, evolves as the back half plays out, but I don't want to get too excited about three or four weeks of activity at this stage.
Patrick Hallinan: You know, I'll start, Tim, with gross margin. It's a meaningful step up, but it's an important part of our journey. And we're confident in delivering it for the back half of this year. A big chunk of it is the roll-off of high-cost inventory. I'd say, you know, the bridge from roughly at 23%, 24% up to 28%-ish number is about 100 points of production curtailment fading away slightly and the balance is a mix of both cost savings generated by our transformation and dissipation of the high-cost inventory over the past, probably, equal parts of each in that regard.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes, Julian, I'll pick up where Don left off. I think, from an operating performance and productivity range, we're targeting towards that EPS level, but as Don said, as we get to next year's guidance, we'll look at the macro and we'll look at our investment level for long-term growth. And I think that will decide our EPS for next year. In terms of gross margin this year and into next year, following on that opening question, we can really already see on our balance sheet and already in our savings rhythm the gross margin levels that we're projecting for the back half of this year. So those rates of gross margin delivery are, for the most part, on our balance sheet already for this year. And then your question around how do we step that into next year. Think of every one of the next few years going through the end of 2025 as $500 incremental million of COGS savings off of our revenue base. You're talking 200 to 300 basis points a calendar year of gross margin improvement. And so we continue to track on our long-term cost transformation. And so if we finish this year at 28-ish percent gross margin in the back half of the year, you could kind of expect that 200-plus basis point level of gross margin improvement to be carried into next year. And that's the kind of momentum you should be expecting the next couple of years. In terms of inventory, we're going to make significant inventory progress this year, but you're correct to point out that, by the time we get to the end of this year, our absolute inventory dollars at the end of this year will be in the $5 billion-ish range, which is around 155 days-ish range, which is higher than our long-term history of inventory levels, which have obviously changed since we acquired an outdoors business from the legacy Stanley Black & Decker levels, but still below 155. We'll continue to make progress and we will talk about that more specifically when we give guidance for next year, but we will continue to make progress and be working towards a level that is below 150 across a multi or rather below 140 across a multiyear time horizon. Next year, our progress will be balanced against some of our network changes. We are bringing online some new DCs next year and a new DC footprint altogether, so while we'll make some progress next year, it will be balanced against some of the long-term decisions we're making to improve service and costs in our DC footprint.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes, Nigel, I'd say all you're seeing in 3Q EPS to 4Q is really just a normal seasonal cadence, right? We tend to ship in, in the third quarter a lot of the product that is sold through the holiday season, so it's just a normal cadence that you would see from one quarter to the next. From a gross margin perspective, they'll roughly be even across quarters, if not the fourth quarter being slightly higher, so the margin journey will be on the right momentum track. And all you're seeing in EPS dollars is seasonality. I think, in terms of pricing, 85% of our business is Tools & Outdoor. And all you're seeing in pricing is the fact that this year we're back to a normal seasonal promotional cadence, especially around the Black Friday time frame, without new kind of gross price increases offsetting that introduction of -- reintroduction, I should say, of a normal promotional cadence. So it's just the dynamic of us re-entering a normal promotional cadence that will potentially take us below flat pricing, but it should be a real small marginal amount. That's all you're seeing with both of those dynamics.
Patrick Hallinan: Mike, we obviously had to think of a few moving parts as we outlined the back half of the year. And so I think where I'd start is our primary objective this year is to deliver margin improvement, working capital reduction in cash, obviously. And we want to keep competing in the marketplace. And the second quarter had many dynamics going on. I would say, in the second quarter, we saw consistently weak outdoor, especially for high-price-point items. And we saw the DIY consumer be under a bit more pressure and on the margin both in tools and outdoors and in subsegments of our Industrial business, channel conservancy -- conservatism on inventory. So all of those things were dynamics that played out. We anticipated them in the second quarter. And that's why, when we gave guidance at the end of the first quarter, we softened up our revenue expectations on the second quarter; and they played out about as we expected in the quarter. And we thought it best, given the fact that those dynamics have kind of stabilized and stayed with us, for the most part, to play those out in the back half of the year. And that's the adjustment you saw, so almost all the adjustment in the back half of the year was to anticipate a similar level of consumer price sensitivity with winter outdoor goods, a continued DIY consumer softness predominantly in North America and then channel destocking in our infrastructure business. And I'd say they've all been kind of equal drivers of us taking a couple hundred million dollars out of our back half sales forecast, but I'd say the good news is we feel like right now, absent a new macro change, our demand environment has stabilized. And that demand environment has stabilized around a strong pro and really strong aero and automotive in our Industrial business. Then I don't think there's any kind of new dynamic with the DIY consumer. Our intent is up for when student loan repayments start around October, but absent that bringing a new macro dynamic into the picture, we feel like our demand outlook has stabilized and we're feeling good about our back half. And then Don referenced there have been some bright spots, things like power tool POS at the very end of the quarter. And we'll see. Those things may emerge, I think, throughout this year given the fed actions. I'd say the broader demand environment has actually surprised us in the sense that it hasn't been more challenging. And so hopefully, those positive trends continue, and if they do, they present upside.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. Nicole, channel inventories. We look at our current level of channel inventories relative to history. We're very much at or right around normal levels of channel inventory. And so I think, if there wasn't macro uncertainty or if short-term rates weren't as high as they are, we would be biased to stay where we are or to the upside, but I think, because of the rate picture in particular, with our channel partners paying much more in short-term rates to support their inventory and the fact there is macro uncertainty, their bias is to keep things low and, if not, to try to find new lows. We don't think there's big moves out there ahead of us. It's something very modest. And I would say our back half guidance anticipates somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million to $100 million of inventory reduction in our guidance, as we've talked here today, and we think that's a pretty good number for the back half of the year. I mean obviously it could range outside of that if the macro environment changes, but that's what we've considered for the back half of the year.
