John F. Lundgren: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everybody. Second quarter highlights certainly included 12% revenue growth due to a combination of 5% organic growth, with which we were very pleased, and the other 7%, the addition of Infastech. Diluted EPS of $1.21 a share were up 7%, and diluted GAAP EPS was actually $1.23. And the press release, if you've had a chance to look at it, explains, I would say, the counterintuitive nuance of GAAP earnings being higher than -- higher due to the reversal of an accrual. And if anyone needs more information, Don can get you that offline or during the Q&A. The organic growth initiatives, which we've talked about on the last 3 calls, are accelerating, particularly in the emerging markets. Our CDIY business and Industrial businesses both had compelling top line results, as well as margin growth. CDIY organic growth of 6% and an operating margin, x charges, of above 15%. And Engineered Fastening grew 9%. That's well ahead of its core market -- core automotive market around the globe. And in the discussion of the segments, Jim will talk a little bit about the penetration -- increased penetration and resulting share gains that we're experiencing in that business. Security, globally, organic revenue was down 1% due primarily to the Convergent Security Solutions volume declines in Europe, and that was partially offset by organic growth in both our Commercial Hardware and Access Technologies, our automatic doors business. The bright spot is orders increased significantly in both North America and Europe as the quarter wound down. In volume, Niscayah synergies and platform growth investments are expected to lead to margin recovery for Security in the second half. More about that at the end of our brief presentation from Don when he discusses the outlook. But as a consequence, we are maintaining full year guidance as our increased organic growth expectations we expect to offset the significant headwinds that we are facing from foreign exchange in selected markets. Looking briefly at the sources of growth. Sequentially, volume, as mentioned, was up 6%; price was down 1%, leading to, on a global basis, 5% organic growth. Acquisitions, primarily Infastech, added 7%. In the quarter, the impact of FX was flat, leading to our up 12% revenue growth versus up 3% in the same period a year ago. In the regions, we were quite encouraged. U.S., in total, up 6%; Europe, 2%; emerging markets, 12%; and the rest of the world, the details of which are in the appendix, was primarily Canada and Japan were down low-single digits, while Australia, New Zealand were flat. The rest of the world was about down 2% as a combined group of countries, for the total of 5% in terms of organic growth. So the momentum from our growth initiatives continues to build. But let me talk about those for just a second before we get into the segments. We have hired 450 people, feet on the street, primarily sales folks, primarily in emerging markets, to drive the growth that we've talked to you about on our last 2 or 3 calls. We've also completed the acquisition of GQ, the #3 Chinese power tool company and a significant move for us in that it allows us to expand our mid price point footprint in the Asian market in particular, emerging markets in general. And we remain on track to our 3-year commitment from our project leapfrog [ph], our organic growth initiative, for $850 million of incremental revenue and $200 million of incremental operating margin. Again, as we've highlighted, this is something that we track rigorously, regularly, with the same, I'll say, intensity and metrics that we would track a large acquisition integration. So we feel, at this stage, quite comfortable with those numbers. Looking at the emerging market and the impact that -- the emerging markets and the impact the growth initiative has had, really, really strong quarter: Russia, up 31%; China, 24%; Southeast Asia, 13%; Middle East, Africa, 15%; Latin America, up 15%. Very, very strong performance. And as a consequence, per the press release, we're now expecting those initiatives to contribute 2 percentage points or 200 basis points of incremental growth for the year versus the 100 basis points which was our previous forecast as these programs begin to gain traction and really put some points on the board. Let me turn it over to Jim, who's going to quickly walk you through some of the highlights from our 3 segments.
John F. Lundgren: Jason, it's John. Per my comments early in the presentation, at this stage, it is the former of your 2 hypotheses, specifically, a pull forward. It's very early days, and as we quantify the entire basket of synergies, we're encouraged we're ahead, as opposed to behind schedule. That being said, we just don't have enough information to suggest that that's a larger pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Do -- rest assured, a year from now, we think that's the case, as we did with Black & Decker synergies. When we realized it was more than just a pull forward on the cost synergies. We raised our estimate, raised the guidance. Far, far too early to do that because we've got nothing to tell if the totality of these programs is any greater than what we initially thought about.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, all of the above. Jim will give you as much detail as we're comfortable giving you, Rich, at this stage.
John F. Lundgren: Well, in fact, a couple of quarters ago, we indicated that we thought that maybe we've been getting a little more aggressive on pricing, taking some business that we perhaps, in retrospect, would not have wanted to take in the CSS North America business. And so Don and I have both spent a fair amount of time with the Security team, going through their pricing, their price discipline, going through their backlog and looking at the profitability of the backlog. And I can tell you that it is improving, and the new business, largely being driven by the vertical market initiative and from the organic growth initiative, the vertical market initiative is where we have put together the bundles and the value propositions that Don is referring to. And in fact, what we're finding out in a lot of these orders in the order book in general from the vertical market initiative is that the gross margins are coming in at somewhat above line average. And that is where we want it to be because we think the value that we generate in these verticals is very high and therefore, we should get paid for it.
John F. Lundgren: Sam, let me just add to that because the format won't allow a follow-up. You'll recall, when we bought this business about 3 years ago, it's new in terms of the business model, relatively new to Stanley Black & Decker. And to Jim's point, these are generally very large orders. They're very lumpy, and it's a huge difference on a $300 million revenue base if something comes in in the second quarter versus the third quarter. So even at the beginning of our ownership of this company, it's a very lumpy business. It may be the best way to describe it. And I think for your purposes and objectives and ours as well, looking at rolling 12 months or rolling 8 quarters, looking at things that way, as opposed to just the much more classic EP-wise [ph] just because of seasonality and things of that nature, is a better way to look at this business. And that's how Don's team looks at it as we try to get a better grip on it and how best to forecast. At the end of the day, though, it's going to be lumpy. If you do $320 million in a year, it's not going to be $80 million a quarter. It's going to be $60 million 1 quarter and $100 million the next, and that's just something we've learned to live with with this business. And your question is very fair, but just recognize that's the dynamic, I would say, unique to the oil and gas business.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, Mike. It would be naïve for us to think -- for we, Stanley Black & Decker, to think that as the share gains start to register -- remember, we're seeing them first in our shipments and in the POS. Competitors will see them 3 to 6 months later as they evaluate our performance versus theirs and others. It would be -- it would simply be naïve and irresponsible of us not to expect reaction because no one relinquishes share willingly. Hey, this is the power tools business. It's -- the tools business in general and the power tools business in particular. We've been in it for 100 years, and that would be our expectation.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, John, you referenced 25%. That's roughly the percentage of our business in Western Europe. And obviously, the pound sterling and euro is all that matters to us there. 50% of our business is outside the U.S., and there are very few currencies in the back half of the year strengthening relative to the dollar. So I think Don gave you some pretty good granularity there. And hopefully, that will help understand and validate the magnitude of the headwind.
John F. Lundgren: Rank has its privileges so I'm going to delegate that to Jim because if he can predict what's going to happen in Brazil quarter-to-quarter, he's a better man than I. But we did have -- your point is very well taken, in that we really were stunned by the difficulty in Brazil in the first quarter. It was a lot more friendly market in the second quarter, but Jim's been close to that. Give it a whack, Jim.
John F. Lundgren: Just to follow up, Jim made a very important point. And I just -- and it's probably not news to most people, but unlike several North American-based or U.S. multinationals operating in foreign markets, particularly Latin America, I think it's really important to point out our entire emerging markets group in general and the Latin American group in particular is staffed by foreign nationals who have grown up in, lived in those markets that are well-tenured executives within our company. And this isn't about me. I spent half of my business career living and working abroad. And the value added by people who understand our company and our company's culture, values, codes of conduct, everything else, at the same time, understand the markets, the people, the culture, quite frankly, are quite accustomed to dealing with day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month volatility and frustrations that Jim, I think, very, very adequately described is a huge advantage. So that's just a point that I thought worth making on our emerging markets team, it's -- they are tenured professionals with local experience that we're leveraging across the world. And I actually -- I truly believe it's a competitive advantage, and I just wanted to make that point.
John F. Lundgren: Sure, Eric. Everything you said, Eric, is correct in terms of outdoor moves, promotions. You'll recall Jim mentioned some major mechanics tools and hand tools moves, but Don can give you even a little more granularity to the extent we're comfortable.
John F. Lundgren: Sure. We had 4% growth in IAR, and we had double-digit growth in the emerging markets. So that was a good -- one of the big forces behind the growth, as you point out. I think, well, first of all, the answer to your question is very simply that the emerging market growth initiative is what's driving that double-digit growth in the emerging markets. But more specifically, we're very fortunate because we are the only tool company that has both Construction & DIY strength in the emerging markets, as well as Industrial & Automotive Repair access to those markets, channel access. So the way we're going about this is, as opposed to coming at it from one perspective or the other, we're coming at it -- we've joined forces internally between our Construction & DIY business and our IAR business. And that has actually given us much better access to, I think, the emerging of the IAR channels than we otherwise would have because what happens in the -- many of these emerging markets is that the channels are very blurred in between Construction & DIY and Industrial. You don't have -- in many, many of these markets, you don't have the highly developed channels that distinguish between construction and then large retail -- I mean, construction, 2-step large retail, industrial channel, automotive repair channel. You don't have that in the emerging markets. You have much more chaotic channels, much less well-developed channels. And our ability to come at it from a joint perspective and cooperate internally between our Construction & DIY business and our IAR business, I think, gives us the ability to drive that growth the way I just described.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, Dennis, this is John. Jim will take it. But just one point, and we've made this many times, but I think it's important to make it again on backlog. Whether it's one number or 2, what's more important is when it's executable or convertible. As we've increased our sophistication with architectural specifiers and things of that nature, we could have an order in the system that can't be executed until 12 to 15 months from now because, if you think about new construction, we're at the very end of the process. I mean, as the building is being finished, it's when wires are being laid or our systems are being put in. So whether you have one number or 2, it's not possible for us, and as a consequence, I guarantee it's not possible for you, to take that and have it be of much value to you in terms of the next quarter or quarter after that. But I just think it's important to make that point, but Jim can give you just a little more detail.
John F. Lundgren: I don't know if you -- it doesn't matter if you directed it to me or Don. Our goals are unchanged. And as we would have a tendency to do, when and if it looks like we're going to achieve it and it's adding value to our shareholders, we'll raise that bar. But your point is correct. The combination of divestiture of HHI, acquisition of Infastech and good growth, we've gone from 10% or 11% up to 16% or 17%, depending on the quarter on an annual basis. We closed the year at about 16%. So we're getting there quickly. As we start to approach it, that 20% could well become 25%, if those markets remain as profitable as they are now. It's incredibly important not just to grow but to grow profitably. And as Don and Jim have pointed out in various conversations, these markets are at or above line average in many cases, which is not the case for a lot of businesses. So 20% could well become 25%, but let's get 20% in the bank before we change that goal. So what we talked to you and the investment community about in May, those goals are all unchanged.
James M. Loree: And this is Jim. I would just add to that, that when we set forth this initiative, the idea was to change the culture of the company so it could be capable of generating 4% to 6% organic growth annually. And it was a 3-year commitment that we made, and it was a finite commitment. However, we also indicated that we were hopeful that we would be able to direct the company in a way that would yield a 4% to 6% minimum growth rate on an ongoing basis regardless of the economic environment, and this is where I think this progress that we've made is very encouraging because it seems like while -- even if this is just an acceleration, when we get to 3 years from now, there'll be more acceleration. So the point is that it's a very, very encouraging indication that this company is capable of driving growth while remaining financially disciplined and driving margins as well. So we're excited about the progress. Obviously, not going to commit anything more on a 3-year basis at this point, but it is a very, very positive start.
James M. Loree: It's early days in Niscayah, and when we tackled this acquisition, we learned that Niscayah really didn't have a very robust sales-generation capability. And in fact, it was sort of a symbiotic relationship between Securitas and Niscayah in the sense that Securitas, being primarily more focused on guarding, often would have customers that it would then hand off to Niscayah as sort of a freebie or maybe for a commission or that type of thing. Well, as Securitas and we have gone our separate ways post the acquisition, we found out that we really needed to build -- not rebuild but build sales-generation capability. And I would say that's the single most important factor going on here, is that we've been hiring a lot of sales reps and they've begun to produce orders, which is now, hopefully, going to be translated into sales at some point, and that's encouraging. But it's really that dynamic that is going on. And so while, for the first year, 1.5 years or so, we were experiencing negative growth that I would attribute largely to the economy, it was also due to the fact that we no longer had the sales handoffs from Securitas, and now we have begun to rebuild our own sales force. I'd say that's the single biggest item there.
James M. Loree: Yes, I mean, we've had some tough experience in onshore North America over the last few years, which have made the comps relatively easy. So I do think we have a couple of easy comps in front of us. However, I wouldn't be looking for plus 40% every quarter. That said, the pipeline construction activity in North America is really almost back at the level it was about 4 years ago when it peaked, and we can see that. We've been talking for a couple of quarters about the strengthening market. But it takes -- it took a couple of quarters for us to actually go from doing the proposals and so forth to actually doing the work, which is when we are able to recognize the revenue. So we see -- this is a long-cycle business. We have good visibility forward in North America onshore, and we see a continued strong market, not greater than 40% growth, but certainly very robust. And as far as the offshore business goes, which is the other half of the puzzle, that is extremely strong worldwide, and we expect that to continue as well. So this should be a good growth driver for us for several quarters, if not years to come.
James M. Loree: Brazil consumer market, definitely a little slower than it has been. However, all these markets in Latin America are just exceptionally volatile, and they bounce around from the markets themselves and the demand bounces around from quarter-to-quarter and then the currencies bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, so your pricing positioning in the market changes dramatically over time. And in addition to that, there are some countries that have major political, structural processes that drive further inefficiencies in the demand profile and supply and demand. So it's hard to predict anything in Latin America other than just go there and execute as hard and as fast as you can. And that's where we're adding salespeople, bringing new products that are more appropriately designed for the mid price point segment and so forth, to enable us to achieve growth rates that are definitely above market growth rates. And that's what we're -- what we've been doing in Latin America for a long time because that's where we've -- really, this formula that we're now applying to all the emerging markets has been applied for the last 10 years by the management team that is now running the overall emerging markets initiative. And that's -- they're finding actually that some of these other markets around the world are more stable than Latin America and therefore, sometimes easier to penetrate than perhaps Latin America.
James M. Loree: Yes. I was referring earlier to these vertical market initiatives and they're part of the corporate organic growth initiative that we funded especially and announced a while ago, last July. And we've been working on these growth initiatives in Security, in the vertical markets for about a year now. And what they involve is taking certain markets such as financial services, education, K-12 and secondary education separately, health care, retail and so forth and putting together solutions for the customers using some of the proprietary technology that we have acquired over time, such as our RTLS technology, real-time locating and sensing technology, that would be the AeroScout -- or excuse me, the iLock technology, which is iris identification, and putting together solutions that are specifically designed for applications within these vertical markets. So for example, in the K-12 environment, having the ability to lock down the school using this type of technology or to identify potential intruders, to integrate the mechanical locking systems with electromechanical locking systems and electronic systems, all these types of things are relevant to the end customers. And I could -- we have a demonstration center in Indianapolis, where we have all these different solutions kind of identified, and we bring customers in and so on. And the sales force has now been organized so that we have a segment of the sales force that's specialized to each one of these verticals, and that's what's gaining momentum right now. And in addition to, I'd say, just decent execution in the rest of the market, that's what's providing the extra oomph for the growth. And we expect -- we've seen, on a monthly basis, that order rate is increasing on a sequential basis and really beginning to grow like a wave of new business. And some of it is medium-cycle, long-cycle business, so it takes a while. But we will see that come to fruition in the second half in North America. And in Europe, we think, to some extent, not as much because the vertical market solutions that I'm talking about are primarily, I'd say, almost exclusively focused on the North American markets right now. We're still in the process of integrating Niscayah. When we get to the point that the Niscayah organization is ready in Europe, these solutions are exportable to Europe, and we will do that at that time. So they will provide future growth in Europe. None of that's really baked in to any of the long-term guidance that we've given. However, that's sort of the reason that you start to see North America order rates pick up in Security.
James M. Loree: I mean, I would only make 2 points, and that is definitely one of them, which is that the mechanical part of the business and frankly, the electronic are both at the tail end of the process. The second one is that, without question, there is an increase in the level of non-resi construction activity and increasing backlog related to that in the Security business. I mean, that is a piece of the puzzle. It's a much bigger piece of the puzzle in the mechanical business than it is in the electronic business. But it is, in fact, true that the non-resi construction market is picking up steam and therefore, affecting both these businesses.
James M. Loree: I mean, there's not much more I can elaborate other than to say that if you take those 4 items, they really do account for the vast majority of the 300 basis points. And they're all significant, so I could say they're roughly 25% a piece or whatever. That's directionally accurate but...
Donald Allan: Mike, it's Don. I'll give you a little bit more color on that topic in particular. On CDIY, in the second quarter, we did have a fair amount of promotional activity, which was planned and expected, and so that's driving a little bit of that price impact. It's probably unusually high compared to previous quarters and future quarters because of that factor. The other thing to keep in mind, and we all know this over the long term, is that that pricing number is more of an accounting number. It doesn't necessarily capture the true effect of pricing impacts across the board. As we roll out new products at different price points, that price increase versus a previous product that it's replacing does not get captured in that line. So we know that in that particular business it's not exactly a full encompassing view. So those 2 factors together really are driving that impact. So I don't view it as a significant trend or change in the business. I think it's more related to certain promotional activities that we did in the second quarter that were expected and planned. In the Security side of our company, Security is an area that pricing -- it is a price-sensitive business, but you really drive value through the differentiation of service, as well as the differentiation of bundling the different products that you have and trying to install and enhance the solution to our customers. And that's how you really drive positive price value. I think, over the long term, it's a business that you can drive positive price, and we have demonstrated this in this particular business over the past several years, that it is a business that allows that type of pricing situation. The current market in Security is there's nothing unusual happening around pricing specifically. I think it's pretty much in line with typical trends, and nothing has shifted or no dynamic that's happening that's unusual at this stage.
Donald Allan: Well, we're not seeing much yet. Power tools in the emerging markets are very hotly contested by our biggest competitors anyway. So in some ways, I would argue that we're a little bit later to the game than some of them. However, we haven't really seen any major competitive response. I think it's really too early for that, and there were a lot people betting against whether these initiatives would even be successful, and I suspect that competitive reaction will come once the success has been institutionalized.
Donald Allan: Yes, well, we basically have taken the rates that -- of about a week, 1.5 weeks ago or so and are using them as, really, our forecast for the back half of the year. We don't tend to try to forecast trending, whether they're going to go up or down. As far as the magnitude of the number, you have to remember that, in particular, Brazil and Canada and Australia are pretty sizable businesses for us and make up a significant amount of revenue. The other thing to factor in is it's not just translational FX, it's transactional FX, which means we're shipping products into those countries, in many cases, from the United States or European markets, and so the cross-currency exchange has a negative impact as a result.
Donald Allan: It ends up being about 50-50, exactly, John. So those are really the main drivers. But the transactional piece is why it ends up being bigger than anticipated. Now part of that is hedge, but we don't hedge 100% of those types of activities because of the cost associated with hedging.
Donald Allan: Sure. As Jim touched on, in the second quarter, the growth was significant really in almost all the areas of the business, both geographically and across what we call the SBUs. And there was a promotional aspect in the second quarter, where, in the prior year, that occurred in the first quarter, so that was a factor. We did have the shift of the outdoor season into q -- from Q1 to Q2, and that'll continue to shift into Q3 as the season ends in a month -- roughly in a month or so. So those are all factors. But the reality is what you see within this business is that the new product introductions that they keep rolling out continue to drive organic growth and gain share. The emerging market growth, through the organic growth initiatives, are accelerating to a mid-teens growth or 15% in emerging markets in the second quarter that we expect to continue into the back half. And then we don't talk a lot about Europe, but frankly, the European performance was very strong for them, where they had a relatively flat performance in a very difficult market. And that's allowing us to demonstrate all the other growth that we're seeing and have it flow through across the entire global business of CDIY. And that European flat performance is really because of share gain, as well as some new product introductions that help facilitate that, primarily in the U.K. and in the Nordic regions. So all those factors together are the result of what happened in the second quarter, as Jim articulated. But the reality is as we see those trends continuing in the back half, and the growth that they experienced of roughly 6% is expected to continue in the back half of the year because of all the factors I just mentioned.
