Jeff Ansell: Thank you, Don. In Tools & Storage, we maintained our Q1 momentum led by another strong performance in North America and Europe. Our continued focus on innovation-led growth and the ongoing execution of brand initiatives were key drivers to this success and share gain. Notably, our innovations in cordless and corded outdoor products across DEWALT, Craftsman and Black & Decker have enabled a fantastic outdoor season, where we are up mid-teens organically year-to-date. In Craftsman Outdoor, we launched a broad range of cordless products for the season with a 60 volt system catering to outdoor enthusiasts and 20 volt range designed for residential use. In DEWALT, we also launched new 60 volt outdoor products, which are part of our flexible battery platform. They are delivering growth in addition to our 20 volt outdoor line. We are seeing strong POS across the portfolio, as DEWALT outdoor continues to gain traction in the market. More broadly, our DEWALT 20 volt line is the largest professional cordless system in history, with over 250 products augmented by the recent launch of DEWALT Atomic series, which is the best-in-class power to weight ratio product. We are also pleased with the launch of our 12-volt DEWALT Xtreme series, a range of performance packed, offering power tool and organic solutions for variety of applications. With this program just beginning to ship, we expect to see incremental growth in the pro-power tool space in the back half of the year. Our DEWALT cordless battery platform continues to expand on serving a broad spectrum of end users from heavy-duty applications with large power requirements via FlexVolt to compact applications in the mechanical, electrical and plumbing and pro-user segments via our DEWALT Xtreme and Atomic range. This broad category innovation has been accelerated by tremendous brand execution across DEWALT Stanley, Stanley FatMax, Irwin and Craftsman, all of which are positive year-to-date. Lastly, a word on Craftsman, overall performance and customer rollouts remain on track and we continue to be well on our way to delivering three points of incremental growth in 2019 and our $1 billion target by 2021. The most satisfying part of the Craftsman re-launch has been our redesigned products are winning with the end user in delivering growth and share gain for us and our customers. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Jim to wrap today’s presentation.
Jeff Ansell: So, I’ll take that. And this is Jeff. We’re quite optimistic for the remainder of the year in Europe. So, if you remember, we had a little more than 2% growth, organic growth in Europe in the first quarter, 5% here in the second, and we feel comfortable with that same type of growth rate in the back half, really driven by share gain. If you look at the results we’re posting, where we’ve been up somewhere between eight of ten and ten of ten in total markets for the last several years and that trend continues. So, the expansion and growth of DEWALT Stanley, brands like FACOM, etcetera in Europe have been extraordinarily positive. So, we feel very good about it and I think our intelligence would tell us that the European tool business has grown well less than half of that is what we think, probably less than 2% and we’re probably going to end the year closer to five. So, we feel good about it. But again, it’s probably more share gain than it is robust end market.
Jeff Ansell: Yes, maybe two things to add. When we talk about industrial within tools, the industrial construction part of our business which is the hardcore construction part of the business continue to perform really well. POS was great. Growth was great. When you get into heavy duty manufacturing industrial like the industrial storage business and some of those things, they were pressured. So we continue to win in every part of construction. It was more of the industrial manufacturing part that was pressured a bit in the quarter. In regards to price in POS, you know, we’ve done everything we can to deal with the effects of price inside of our business, and then that has required us to pass on price to our customers as well because we – there is no way we could contain it all. But even as we’ve done that in the last – in the year to date basis, we’re up double-digit POS on a year-to-date basis, and that’s from everything from outdoor, through cordless power tools, brands everything. So we feel like we’ve done a really good job of managing price and volume to this point. The future, we will continue to stay really close to it, but we feel like we’ve done a pretty good job with our customers of managing the volume price equation. And as a result, robust POS is driving growth for us and our customers.
Jeff Ansell: Sure, Don. In regards to the question on Craftsman loading, I would say probably the loading itself anniversaries to a large degree in the fourth quarter. So if you look at the rollouts, we’ve been rolling out Craftsman for – on an increasing basis over six quarters. So it’s really – it’s the fourth quarter where it starts to anniversary most of the largest loads. At the same time, we stay really close to that POS and I think we’ve said before and I’ll say it again, the POS in Craftsman tend to be almost twice what it replaced in the categories that we’ve added it. So even though we’re anniversarying the loading, we still feel really good about the 3 points of incremental growth in our path to a $1 billion by 2021. So both of those things are – they’re positive at this point.
Jeff Ansell: Well, our result in outdoor has been really good. So we’re up mid single digits by 15% on a year-to-date basis. Some weeks 19%, and the best intelligence we have says the outdoor space would be up about a third of that. So that clearly represents share gain across Black & Decker, Craftsman and DEWALT. And I think the thing that’s changed over the last 25 years, I’ve been in the outdoor business is, we’ve become a much more prevalent player for a longer part of the season. So while we historically participated in the spring part of the other season, we’ve gotten far, far better at other categories where now that’s elongated well into the fall and early winter, blowers and some of those things that we historically hadn’t done. So the – if you think about it that way, we shipped those products in Q1, they sell in Q2, blowers and so forth happened in Q3, so outdoor has become – it’s a seasonal business, but it’s is now three quarters of our year versus what used to be one quarter of our year. And so all in all, I don’t think the season hasn’t impacted us. And I think the season in total was up a bit for – in the market, but ours was probably three times the market growth. But we feel good about that same prospect for the fall as well. We have really good promos and listings and so forth.
Jim Loree: Thanks, Jeff. Great quarter. So to recap, we had strong operational performance in the second quarter, serving us well in this dynamic external operating environment. Partially due to the outperformance based on margin rate accretion, we’re able to reaffirm our full year guidance today, despite somewhat slower end markets especially in industrial automotive. And as we look to close out a successful 2019, we are focused on day-to-day execution and operational excellence in accordance with our SFS 2.0 operating system. This includes continuing to leverage our organic growth catalysts, building momentum and realizing early benefits from the margin resiliency program, successfully integrating our recent acquisitions and generating strong free cash flow. I’m confident that our seasoned management team will bring the same level of passion, intensity and agility that we demonstrated in the first half to successfully deliver the second half of 2019, well at the same time, preparing for a strong 2020 and beyond. Dennis, we are now ready for Q&A.
Jim Loree: Okay. So you’re correct with the $120 million in the back half of the headwinds. That’s an accurate calculation. And then, the third quarter – the split would be roughly $75 million to $80 million in the third quarter and the remainder in the fourth quarter. So a bigger amount hitting in the third quarter as things like commodity continue to tail-off, etc, and then we obviously have new headwinds in both quarters from tariffs. So that would be the split that we’re seeing. And we do expect margin expansion both in the third and the fourth quarter. However, the third quarter will be probably a modest expansion in the 20 bps to 40 bps range, and then we’ll see a larger expansion in the fourth quarter as a lot of the actions that we’re taking in response to the new tariffs, such as pricing will get a full effect in the fourth quarter and then some of the margin resiliency things we’ve been working on, that will – that will grow across the back half of the year and we’ll see a larger impact in the fourth quarter, hence why we see bigger expansion in the fourth quarter.
Jim Loree: Yes. We don’t want to get too much into the month by month data, but suffice it to say that we didn’t really see a significant slowing in the construction DIY-type markets. The slowing was predominantly in the industrial, general industrial and specifically automotive sectors of our business. So our DIY construction and those types of tools held up very well. I mean, we’ve got POS as strong as I’ve ever seen in 20 years. So if the market is slowing, it’s not slowing for us not in that – in that part of the business. And a lot of the inventory corrections we saw were in the industrial channel, and we saw other corrections that were modest in different parts of the Company, that’s just normal course activity though.
Jim Loree: So, on the third and fourth quarter organic growth, 4% for the year. When you look at the third and fourth quarter split, the third quarter is a little bit below the 4%, fourth quarter is a bit above the 4%. We have to remember in the fourth quarter there is a lot of activities that will be happening around the brand transition in particular. So, we’ll see a positive impact from that. We’ll see some of it in the third quarter as well. But we’ll see a bigger ramp, most likely in the early part of the fourth quarter. So that’s just something to consider as you think about the performance. On the Craftsman side, yeah, we saw a significant impact of about 3 points related to the Craftsman rollout. And so, as you saw from the performance, in North America we had a very strong high-single digit retail performance across many of our key customers and not just related to Craftsman, certainly Craftsman was a significant part of that, but then we saw some negative performances in emerging markets. I mentioned the three countries that were contracting and we saw some positive performances in the European market. So, you know, overall, it’s kind of kind of netted to a relatively small number, but we had some significant pockets of growth as you look at them.
Jim Loree: Yes. I would say that the vast majority of this is permanent change. You know, like any time you do a cost reduction program, you make decisions maybe to freeze merits and some other things that are definitely temporary, but those are modest, when you look at the total impact of $250 million. And so, as we think about margin resiliency initiatives going forward, those will be permitted, kind of process sustainable structural changes in how we do business to make us more efficient and effective in meeting the needs of our customers, and as we work with our vendors and other partners across the business. So, the margin resiliency initiative is really about sustainable permanent change.
Jim Loree: Yes. So obviously, we will have a carry-over impact from the List 3 tariffs going from 10% to 25%. So we only have about a half-year impact of that this year. That’s roughly $70 million of an impact in 2019. So you can expect that to be roughly the same in 2020. The commodity impact or deflation impact or lower inflation is probably $15 million to $20 million this year, most of that hitting the fourth quarter. So we would expect a little bit of a carryover impact from that. It’s coming from things, certain steels and resins primarily that’s driving it. But we’re also seeing it in a couple of other categories. It’s kind of spread across various different categories. No one big one driving all of it. So, if things stay where they are, we would expect a carry-over impact. It may be as reasonably close to the tariff impact at this stage. So hopefully they neutralize themselves at this as we look at it right now.
Don Allan: Sure. So, the organic tools and storage performance as we mentioned in Q2 was 5% organic growth, and we had a little bit of negative decline in some of the industrial channels that we serve for industrial tools, about 2% of a decline in those particular businesses. So, nothing significant. We do believe as we look at the back half of the year for Tools that we’re we think the organic growth is somewhere between 5% and 6% for the back half, with the quarters being pretty much in that range for both quarters. So, the trend that we saw in the second quarter feels like the right trend as we go into the back half of the year. And so, we’ve shown a little bit of moderation in the Industrial section of the tools business. On the tax rate, the third quarter tax rate is kind of 25%, 26% and the fourth quarter will be around 15% to 16%.
Don Allan: Yes. I would say, a part of what’s happening in the fourth quarter is price, because we get a full quarter impact versus the third quarter, getting a partial impact. But the bigger impact of why our earnings are up or will be up in the fourth quarter is that the dollar volume for revenue is expected to be significantly higher than the third quarter, given that we have various brand transitions that we’ll be executing on. We expect the industrial segment to perform at a higher level, given we had a very difficult fourth quarter last year and as they’re anniversarying some of those headwinds. And then obviously we expect security to demonstrate some growth as well. So, it’s all those different factors. But if you look at a 4.5% roughly organic growth performance in the fourth quarter, you’re going to get to a sequential growth number in revenue that’s close to $250 million to $270 million. And as that flows through to operating margin and eventually earnings, that’s going to be a significant reason for the higher level of performance, combined with all the other little things that you mentioned, like price, margin resiliency, etcetera. The tailing off of commodity inflation that’s going to happen more in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, it’s all those different factors that are going to drive that. I think one of the things that I didn’t mention, but I will mention now is that when you look at the operating margin dollars as a percentage of the full year, the percentage in the third quarter isn’t dramatically different than the percentage in the third quarter of last year. And so, when you look at the OM dollar percentage to the full year by quarter, you look the first quarter was lower by about 2 points to 3 points, versus last year. The fourth quarter is going to be higher by 2 points or 3 points for the reasons I mentioned. But the two quarters in between are pretty much in line with last year’s performance. When you look at that level, you can do the same thing at pre-tax, it’s relatively the same thing. It’s really when you get down EPS that you see a bigger deviation because of the tax rate.
Don Allan: Okay. So I’ll take the first part and then maybe I’ll pass the second question over to Jeff around pricing, but the – as far as the quarter what things we saw that were a little bit different than expectation, emerging markets clearly was lower to some extent. We expected some slowness, especially in Argentina and Turkey, but Mexico was a bit of a surprise given the events that happened in the middle of the quarter around the threats of potential tariffs that seemed to slow the markets a little bit in the back half of the quarter. So that was certainly a little bit different than expectation. When I look at kind of the retail tools performance, I think we’d say, it pretty much was in line with expectation. No real, unusual surprises there, either positive or negative in that regard.
Don Allan: Yes. I think the other positive, even though it’s not a huge positive versus our expectations, but the – you know, the fact that Europe has been able to continue to be very strong, even in the face of tremendous uncertainty over there. Everything every – almost every country, you look at, you see political, geopolitical turmoil and economic stress and just limited growth. And so, I think the kind of mid single-digit growth performance in Europe continue to sustain that and I think that bodes well as well as Jeff said for the second half in Europe.
Don Allan: Well, I mean, we’ve been as you know, we’ve been getting price in the market for over a year now related to all these different headwinds and so some of these are going to start to anniversary themselves in the back half of the year. So, you’ll have a full year impact. We will have new pricing actions related to the List 3 going excuse me, going from 10% to 25% in the back half of this year. We’ve been running at about a two-point price impact. I would expect that probably would be somewhere between one point’s, to two points in the back half of the year, given that we’re starting to anniversary some of these things as likely being maybe closer to one versus two. So, the impact of price in our organic growth will be a little bit smaller than what we’ve experienced in the first half of the year and then obviously the offsetting impact to get to 4% organic growth will be volume, which means it will be a little bit bigger versus what you just mentioned.
Don Allan: Well, the retaining or divesting of the business question is a question that we promised to answer a year, two years from a year ago in May. And right now, we’re not speculating on all these different aspects of and scenarios what-ifs, and so on. What we’re focused on is margin improvement and organic growth and transformation of the business model to make it a more relevant business model and a more defensible business model for the 2020s. And regardless of whether we elect to keep it or divest it, either way, the value that we’re creating by focusing on this is substantial and that’s the way we’re thinking about it right now. We don’t want to distract ourselves with having to evaluate what’s the right time to divest should we divest or what’s the right divestiture approach if we choose to do that. I mean there’s a lot of complexities associated with those questions which we’ll answer at the appropriate time. But for now, we’re focused on margin improvement, which we’ve accomplished at the beginnings of now and we’re and it’s mostly in the electronic business. I’ll tell you, it’s across the board in the electronic business where we’re focused on margin improvement and now we’re moving now that we have that going, we’re moving to an extreme focus on driving the value proposition and the go-to-market feet on the street, selling the applications that we’ve developed.
