Jeff Ansell: Thank you, Don. That was a comprehensive overview for the quarter, but I just want to highlight a few key points. First, we continue to generate share gains around the world as evidenced by the strong double-digit growth in North America and emerging markets as well as mid single-digit growth in Europe. As you look across the strategic business units, or SBUs, both delivered 10% organic growth. As expected, our outdoor business recovered on a year-to-date basis in Q2 from the decline in Q1 due to weather. Overall, underlying demand looks to remain strong for the remainder of 2018. Next, Craftsman remains on track delivering about 1 point of growth in the quarter and the initial indications on sell-through are positive. Notably, we are converting new users to the Craftsman brand, which is a share gain opportunity for our retail partners in us. The end-user feedback has been positive with top quartile product rating reviews. We remain on track to execute the initial wave of product and store conversion in the second half of this year. Consistent with our prior communications, Lowe’s and Ace will begin to transition to the new Craftsman offerings across the back half of 2018 with completion in 2019. Lowe’s and Ace expect to have promotional product in all stores by the end of the year. We also expect to begin to provide the Craftsman metal storage to Amazon in Q4, with broader rollout to continue in 2019. Other acquisitions remain positive as well. The integrations remain on track and growth of Irwin, Lenox and Waterloo demonstrated high single-digit organic growth in the quarter. Finally, we are encouraged by positive price in the second quarter and are confident that we will achieve the price realization actions that Don outlined earlier. Now, I will turn it back to Jim to wrap up today’s presentation.
Jeff Ansell: So, I will take the question. This is Jeff. The make where you sell initiative that Jim has talked about for several years now at this point has certainly provided us an opportunity. So we will take price to offset both commodity inflation and tariffs, all the things that Don has already outlined, but beyond that, we clearly are in the best position from a made in North America perspective around tariffs to execute two things. One, the great volume increases that we have just outlined for the quarter. That was our domestic manufacturing footprint allowed us to keep up pace with that tremendous growth. It also provides us opportunities for the future in terms of products, but not impacted by tariffs while competitive products are. So we feel like we are probably in the best position in the space to deal with the future given these things.
Jeff Ansell: Well, if you look at the growth profile for the quarter, I guess the word I would use would be pervasive. So, if you look at the results that were shared earlier, the double-digit growth across North America, single-digit growth across Europe, double-digit growth across the emerging markets and double-digit growth across both strategic business units, I would just say there is not a really easy way to explain, but just pervasive would be the point. So, that explains 8 points of the growth. We did get a benefit of 1 point from Craftsman, we got a benefit of 1 point from the outdoor recovery, but just fantastic growth pervasively around the world is probably the best explanation I can give you and we are very, very pleased with it.
Jeff Ansell: Yes. I think the way to think about it is you have to recognize that the commodity inflation started in 2017, so we had a fair amount of commodity inflation in the fourth quarter of ‘17. And in the fourth quarter this year, we will see the biggest impact from pricing actions will be in the fourth quarter when you look at the full year. So that pricing impact continues to grow from the second quarter to the third quarter to the fourth quarter. And actually at this point, the pricing impact reverses the headwinds in the fourth quarter and will be a slight positive and so that will be the first quarter we will experience that here in 2018. And so that’s certainly going to help margins combining with the fact that you have a comp where you are dealing with margins that were suppressed in the fourth quarter of 2017, because that was really the beginning of the commodity inflation wave. I think that’s the best way to think about it why the profitability will be higher in Tools in the fourth quarter versus what we have experienced in the first three quarters of this year as well as why it will be higher versus prior year.
Jeff Ansell: Sure. But I would say the vitality rate and the share gains are kind of one and the same. So, we are experiencing share gains highly connected to the fact that we have really strong new product vitality. So if you look at the professional power tool business in North America, which is what you asked about, we were up in every portion of that business from a corded perspective, from a low voltage perspective to a high-voltage FlexVolt perspective. And so it’s a number of things, right. So, it’s the fact that we have the largest cordless system that brings the user into it. It’s also our made in USA strategy where we are the only manufacturer of professional power tools in America. So if you add those things together, it’s driven by vitality, but there is no doubt that there is share gain and that the share gain likely impacts all the companies you just described in your question.
Jeff Ansell: Really, the short answer is I think we commented more extensively in the first quarter as those inventory levels came down for the rollout from retail perspective for the Craftsman rollout. Everything throughout the second quarter remained on track, almost exactly as we had projected, where the inventory levels kind of solidified their position, new Craftsman rolled in, POS was very positive. So, all those things were in balance and so we anticipate that to continue on for the remainder of the year kind of as we described last earnings call, but we are very pleased with the ramp and the rollout.
Don Allan: I will take that. Yes, so the latest proposed wave of tariffs as I mentioned in my presentation, if, now still a big if, if it was implemented on September 1, the impact would be $25 million to us in 2018. We believe that within a reasonable timeframe given what we have done with other tariffs and the pricing actions associated with that, that we will be able to offset maybe a third to a half of that with price increases in the year if that occurs on September 1. And then the remaining component of that we would utilize what we have is a contingency to cover the gap between the difference, but you are correct, our contingency within our current guidance is relatively small right now and so we don’t have a lot of ability to maneuver beyond these types of things, but we still have some contingency left. It’s just not as significant, than it was 3 months ago given all the other actions in headwinds that we have seen over the coming 90 days or the last 90 days.
Don Allan: And as I will just add on to that, as the current CFO, I will add on and validate what Jim said. It’s completely accurate obviously, but I think also when you look at history, you go back in time and you look at how we have responded to commodity inflation, currency, and you look at it over a 2-year window. In year one, we tend to recover depending on the timing of when these things happen, but in normal course, we tend to recover close to two-thirds of the headwind in year one. But when you look at it over a 2-year period of time, our history has been that we recover somewhere between 75% and 85% of the total headwinds through price actions and then the difference is covered through the things that Jim was mentioning around productivity. So, our history would demonstrate that for next year we would have a positive impact from the net of all these different things that Jim was describing. So I think that’s an important factor that you have to keep in mind that this is not something unusual, this is something that we can point to three or four different occasions over the last 20 years where this has occurred.
Don Allan: Yes, good question. So, we are really pleased with the initial stages of the integration with Nelson Fasteners. It’s gone very well over the last 90 days or so and we would expect with the cost synergies and other activities and then eventually a little bit of revenue synergies playing out that by the end of next year, we will be approaching line average at that stage. And so by 2020 that full year – we will be right in line with the average for the segment. So, I think that’s the right way to think about it.
Jim Loree: And the other point I would like to make, it’s Jim, is that we don’t know what the lifespan of these tariffs is going to be a couple of months, couple of years forever, who knows. So, supply chain maneuverability is there, but we also have to be cognizant that anytime you move supply chain around significantly there is cost associated with it and there is also risk associated with it. So in the near-term, there won’t be a lot of supply chain maneuvering, it will be mostly price and then we will see as time goes on if there are structural changes to the supply chain that we would like to make, because if it appears that some of these tariffs are going to be longer term in nature.
Jim Loree: Yes. I would say, right now, the vast majority of the assets are price increases being passed on to our customers. As Jim said, we will continue to evaluate other alternatives as time goes on here, but we really don’t know the length of these tariffs and if they preview them to be longer term, then as we get into next year, we will start to evaluate other options, but our focus right now is really transferring the stock’s increase on to the customers and the end users, because we have seen a very direct cost increase and it’s something that we believe that’s the more appropriate response in the short and medium-term.
Jim Loree: Okay, it’s Jim. We are not going to necessarily breakdown the entire 190, but I can tell you of the, first of all, currency is probably the most volatile of all the different headwinds that we have this year and currency when it hits in the emerging markets, it’s almost instantaneous our ability to respond, because the markets are conditioned and our organization is conditioned and we have excellent tracking of the FX impact on various countries and so on. So, we have institutionalized a kind of price increase, price management function within the emerging markets and our systems enable us and the market enables us to react almost on a dime. So, that’s the first thing. The second thing is with respect to cost inflation when the cost inflation first started hitting, it was a gradual kind of increase over several months at the back – starting with the back half of last year and it was very difficult to have customer discussions until it became large enough so that we could have those customer discussions when it was large enough to do that, we did it and once we did it, there was a lag in implementation that naturally occurs when you have the discussions and then the discussions turn into agreements and then the agreements turn into implementations and that’s particularly true with the larger customers, especially in North America, but also in Europe. So, that’s inflation. Tariffs are relatively straightforward, because they are very easy to calculate. You know what, the percentages, you know what the impact is, they affect the entire industry and there is – it’s highly unlikely that anyone competitor is going to say a 20% increase or 10% increase in the cost of their products is going to eat that. And so it becomes a fairly kind of logical action for both the suppliers and the customers to implement and that’s until the timing is much shorter in that regard and also in some cases, the tariffs overlap – or tariffs that were already implemented and price increases have been instituted and in some cases we are able to go back and just incorporate the new tariffs into the previously implemented price increases. So, for all those reasons, there is no straightforward answer to your question, there is a lot of complexity to it, but we have a fantastic ability to have a control of it and handle on it and be able to predict it.
Jim Loree: Very good question. And the answer is lawn and garden is strategic to us post the acquisition of the Craftsman brand. We are exploring opportunities to form partnerships and/or acquiring some assets within that space that would have manufacturing and we have been working on that for a while. And I would expect sometime in the foreseeable future some sort of an announcement coming from us that will leverage our Craftsman brand and presence in the marketplace in lawn and garden, but in a way that will not subject us to the types of volatility that you saw with that one announcement or also in a way that will not subject us to severe operating margin dilution that sometimes occurs in that particular industry, especially from the standpoint of first half versus second half. So, we are actually all over this. We have studied it very thoroughly. We have had numerous conversations with participants in the industry and stay tuned, it won’t be long, I think before you see something that will make a lot of sense for Stanley Black & Decker.
Jim Loree: The one thing people don’t really necessarily appreciate – and I think you obviously do based on the question is that when we go after offsetting these types of things whether it’s inflation, currency, tariffs, whatever it might be – yes, we are going to recover a certain percentage of the headwind in totality over time and the remainder – so let’s say that percentage on the average be 70% or 80%. The remaining 20% to 30% is more than offset by the productivity that we generate on a day-to-day basis continuously in our supply chain and our plant system. So we look at these things from a timing perspective, yes, they cause some AJA in the near-term, because we have to respond to the headwind when it arrives and it takes a little time obviously as witnessed this quarter with some operating margin dilution offset by volume gains, but as we flip into the successive year, 2019, by definition, there is going to be some price carryover that is not impacted by new headwinds, if all else equal. So, if there are no new headwinds, then we will have price carryover that will be positive and in the case of 2019, the initial look is meaningfully positive. And so we will see what happens with inflation, with FX and currency as we go forward, but all else equal if we had no more headwinds, there would be a meaningful number of positive accretion to margin that would ultimately end up in margins catching up to where they were before and maybe up a little bit beyond that. And then the story for 2019 for Stanley, Black & Decker is going to be what I talked a lot about earlier, which is the growth catalysts are going to really hit their stride in 2019. We have been growing incredibly well here in this company over the past few years and these catalysts are as strong as I mentioned earlier as I have seen in my entire career here, spanning two decades and we are setup for growth in 2019 that will I think be pretty significant. So, that’s kind of the story with us. There is an arbitrage. It’s affected by timing in the early stages of the headwinds. It’s negative in the late stages when they anniversary. It goes positive to catch up and then beyond that maybe some additional accretion based on productivity and mix management and so forth. And then, you have got the growth for next year.
Jim Loree: Sure. The acquisition pipeline is strong. And in several cases, there are deals that are right smack in our heartland and would strengthen some of our key franchises immensely and at the same time, we sit here today, we look at the stock price where it is and we say wow, we do tend to allocate half of our capital over a long-term basis to returning to the shareholders and we just raised the dividend, but that only accounts for something like 30% of the typical excess capital. And so there is always some room for share repurchases in that equation. And we look at our balance sheet right now, which is pretty strong and we say we have the opportunity to allocate capital at this point and so what do we do with it? And we look at these acquisitions, they come and they go over time. And as I said, the pipeline is strong and so it’s very difficult – it’s a challenging trade-off to make right now when we can buy our own stock and feel really great about it, because you can tell by the dialogue here that we are confident in our operations and our strategy and so forth in 2018 and 2019. So the way we are thinking about it right now is if the stock kind of gets some traction and starts going in the right direction again, we have the opportunity to dive into some really interesting M&A opportunities consistent with our 22/22 vision. And if we continue to languish in terms of our TSR performance, then I think stock buyback comes up front and center and we will just see what happens.
