Donald Allan: Yeah, I'll provide a little clarity on that. So, the $500 million in 2020 related to the billion dollar program is in addition to the actions that we took in Q4 of 2019. So, that's correct.  As it relates to the timing, what I said in my very long script was that $500 million for the year, we think $375 million of that will be in the back half. And so, that obviously gets you about $125 million in the second quarter. And so, that's kind of how it lays out.
Donald Allan: Yeah. On the operation side, we gave a lot of thought to how we ramp down the labor force in manufacturing and distribution, and in particular in tools. In engineered fastening, it was fairly straightforward because you had OEMs shutting down and we basically would shut our plant down in a similar correlation and then we'll ramp up a little bit in advance of them ramping up. So, it's fairly straightforward from that perspective. But on the tools side, it's a little bit more complex, especially in North America, in that we have several major customers in retail that are continuing to perform. As we talked about earlier, the POS is very strong through the first four weeks of April.  So, we did a planning assumption around our second quarter revenue decline, but we didn't reduce production to that level. We actually reduced production to a more modified view of that. So, if you look at the – maybe tools being down somewhere 35% to 45% in Q2 like the company, we're probably somewhere between 0% and 35% to 40% is where we cut that production. And so, we recognize the importance of continuing to serve those customers, but also making sure we're prepared as things start to accelerate maybe in June or in the third quarter, whatever the timing is, we're prepared for that.  And given our supply chain, with some of the lead times we have, we have to make sure that we strike that right balance, which we will carry a little higher level of inventory probably through Q2 and Q3 and maybe longer, but I think we're striking the right balance to ensure that we meet our customers' needs now and going forward, but also ensure that we get the right dollar value out of working capital performance in 2020.
Donald Allan: So, for the sell-in and sell-out, so for March, the POS, as I mentioned in my script, was flat – relatively flat. The POS in April is up low double-digits. So, it's very strong. And the sell-in that we're seeing in the month of April is consistent with what I showed on that chart, which for Tools & Storage is in that ballpark of the 2Q range I mentioned, probably turning towards the lower end of that range. So, that gives you a sense of those aspects.  As far as the cost reduction goes, if we reflect back to the January earnings call, we talked about having $100 million and $150 million of margin resiliency initiatives that weren't in our guidance. They were just there as a contingency, things we were going to execute on as new headwinds came our way. So, clearly, some big headwinds have come our way, much bigger than anyone anticipated, for us and many in the rest of the world.  But when you think about what those opportunities were in margin resiliency, there were things around higher levels of procurement savings due to utilizing technology in certain tools to drive that value.  Using industry for that old technologies around automation and data analytics, artificial intelligence that would drive more value to our manufacturing footprint and eventually into our supply base as well. Those things are not driving a lot of value in the billion dollars. So, those two buckets, in particular, were a large part of our margin resiliency program.  There were other aspects around indirect and a few other things, like functional transformation. Functional transformation will continue to move forward and that'll be a value driver for the next two to four years depending on the function. Indirect, yeah, we're probably pushing a lot of that right now in the next 12 months, but what we need margin resiliency for us is to help us sustain that savings going forward because, right now, what we're doing is really brute force.  So, that's a long-winded answer to your question, but I still think there's a very big opportunity for margin resiliency out there when you think about those different categories and then there's a sustaining aspect around indirect that really helps us keep that significant number that we're getting in the billion dollar program in our P&L, so it doesn't pop up in a very large way in the coming years.
Donald Allan: Free cash flow, yeah. So, free cash flow in recession has actually, from a conversion point of view, performed very well. Obviously, gets impacted by the charges that you put through your net income. You tend to get a good working capital benefit in a recessionary period. Now, this might be a little different. We're trying to manage that, as I mentioned, in my presentation with the right balance because we want to ensure we have enough inventory if the recovery is very quick. And we didn't face that type of challenge as we went through the recession because we don't expect quick recoveries. We expected very slow recoveries. This is a different scenario where you could see a V or, in our case, we modeled a U, and there might be a scenario where stronger growth comes later versus in the short term. And so, I think we have to strike that right balance to ensure that we don't go overboard in working capital. But, overall, I would expect conversion to be strong given the historical dynamics we have seen.
Donald Allan: Yeah. You're right. it, obviously, depends on what type of recovery we see. If we see a very rapid V recovery in the back half of this year, then the incrementals will change because we will be adding that cost. We have 70% of our comp and benefits costs that we've kind of called temporary at this point, which is 40% of our $1 billion. And we probably wouldn't add it all back, but we'll add some of that back because we have modified workweeks and furloughs and things like that that are happening with the salaried part of our company. And so, that would clearly have a governing impact on incrementals as we grow. That being said, there's a lot of things we can do to continue to drive productivity. We touched on margin resiliency earlier in a question we had from Michael. And those are types of initiatives that have been little bit on hold for a period of time, but they are beginning to re-energize themselves going forward to create the value that we think is there. And so, I actually think the incrementals will see a bit of a governing impact in that recovery, but I think it's something we can manage through. So, it's not too significant.  In a longer period of recovery, where it's a U or even an L, we will be working to make that billion dollars as permanent as possible, which means we could take some of the temporary things and make them permanent or we could take alternative actions to replace some of those temporary things over time. Because if we see that type of recovery where we have a bumpy performance from multiple quarters going into next year, then we're going to probably take the approach of how do we really make the vast majority of that permanent, which would not impact incrementals once we got into a growth mode.
Donald Allan: Yeah. The base case assumes – I'll start with the costs. Yes, $375 million which would actually be a significant impact to moderating those decrementals of 40%. And that's how we get ourselves to the low 20s, is we see that impacting the back half of the year.  As far as the revenue performance goes, by the time we get to Q4 in our base case, we're kind of anywhere from flat to slightly down, and that's really where we are. And then, you can do the math for what Q3 would be based on that. We're not assuming growth right now in our base case in the fourth quarter because it is a U shape, but we'll see. There's still a lot to occur going forward and we'll have certainly a lot more color as we get to July for our next earnings call where we are. But we kind of planned a scenario that would be difficult, which is why we went after the billion dollars of cost, but we did it in a way that gave us the flexibility that both Jim and I've described over the last hour or so.
Donald Allan: Yeah. I think on the commodity front, we have a really nice opportunity to pursue as a result of the much lower global demand and the way that prices of commodities have adjusted in the last month or so. And that opportunity is now. We're really trying to make that happen in the next 30 to 60 days with all our respective suppliers in those categories.  When I think about the billion dollar opportunity and 60% of it is a combination of indirect and commodity deflation, probably good way to think about that is, it's going to be anywhere from two-thirds as indirect to maybe 55% indirect and kind of in that range and the difference will be commodity deflation. That kind of sizes it for you for this year. And then, we'll see how we progress throughout the remainder of the year.
James Loree: Okay. I'll take the second part your question first. Because I think a lot depends on the POS. We're seeing some eye-popping numbers on a weekly basis in a couple of the places. And if that continues, there will be some replenishment that would be advisable, no later than the third month of this quarter, June. So, it's really their decision. They make those decisions in how they want to play their inventory.  I can completely understand the challenge they have, trying to balance the opportunity that might be out there, but they don't know for sure versus the risk of getting stuck with a significant inventory problem if all of a sudden those trends change. So, it's just a balancing act and it's a tight wired one at that.  As far as the manufacturing footprint, it's an interesting question because with virtually 98% of our salaried population stuck in their homes working virtually, it's hard to really execute on these types of projects, in addition to the fact that they can't travel. So, there's a travel ban in place. Like most companies, we have a complete ban on travel. It has very few, if any, exceptions. So, there will be some delays in the footprint program until we're able to travel and that sort of thing. But I think we're talking probably months in terms of delays, but there will also be an acceleration because the importance of making of footprint happen even faster is amplified by the nature of the crisis. So, you end up with a lot of planning going on right now virtually. And then, when we get into the execution, we're going to try to accelerate. Long story short, I think we're going to be looking at roughly the same kind of two to three-year time frame for the moves to be complete.
James Loree: I'll take the first part of your question. I'll give Don the second, even though I know the answer to it.
James Loree: Fair enough, Don. We have largely protected any applied innovation. So, there may be some theoretical innovation that we cut back a little bit on, but not much. Some of the programs that are still looking at 5 years out, 6 years, 7, 8, 9, 10 years out in terms of how some of these look like, the construction industry will change and what the impact on our tool business would be and how we're going to manage through all that. That program, for example, is alive and well.  And so, when you think about the nature of the comp and ben reduction, so many of them in this are temporary – 70% are temporary. So, instead of maybe working five days on a project, we're working four, and for a period of time. I think that's the way to think about it.
James Loree: And as you can imagine, we really haven't had the opportunity to get into tremendous amount of detail ourselves as we work through this crisis. On that particular question, really just trying to find every cost savings opportunity we could find and we'll go back and do the detailed analysis over the next couple of weeks. In probably the next earnings call, we'll give you a little more granularity around the answer to that question. But as you can see from what Don said, it's partial basically. Partially included, partially not and more to come later.
James Loree: Well, it's interesting to think about it because the pros do a fair amount of shopping at home centers. And so, I think what we're probably seeing is this DIY phenomenon is probably a lot bigger than we suspect because there's a big negative I suspect coming from the pros. They're just not stopping in the contractor's desk as much as they used to right now because the projects aren't active. And so, it's hard to pinpoint exactly what that difference could be because we don't really know how big the DIY impact is. But I think the ballpark, it's probably in the single digits for sure, but probably mid, low single-digits would be my – negative impact would be my guess, but it's a guess.
James Loree: In this environment, promotional activity does not make a tremendous amount of sense. So, all the price that you're seeing is pretty much coming from programmatic price, largely from the margin resiliency program because we're not in there implementing across-the-board price increases in a deflationary environment. And so, we're also getting some carryover from pricing that we did from the earlier price increases on the tariff and other related inflation. But no new pricing actions other than maybe more surgical ones that are based on analytics and things like that that are being utilized in the margin resiliency program.
James Loree: Yeah. We have a keen appreciation for the opportunity cost of not being prepared for a spike in orders from the home centers, in particular. And I would say supply chain approaches are somewhat different, but the general rhythm would be kind of monthly. We've gone to a weekly rhythm and, in some cases, a daily rhythm, monitoring the ins and the out. And it is a very, very significant opportunity for us. And so, actually, as it turns out, we have – and Don alluded to this, but we have actually programmed the inventory side – our inventory builds, if you will, to deal with the possibility that there could be an increase in sell-in in terms of orders later in the quarter. Normally, there is probably substantially more orders in the second month of the quarter for shipping in the third month. However, it remains to be seen if that's going to occur this time around. But I think it's one of these things that we're just managing on a real time basis and we're in contact with the customers and we're monitoring the sell-out and, at some point, those two things have to kind of equal each other.
