Don Allan: Thanks for the long multiple questions there, Julian. But good questions, because there are -- the things that we are very focused on as far as our margin rate improvement we are really pleased with what occurred in Q3 and what we believe will play out in Q4. And I am going to ask Pat to give us more color on your questions around margin and then tying it into the $4 to $5 for next year, we still feel that that is a good range and potential outcome for us. And Pat will give a little more color on as well. So, Pat.
Don Allan: Yeah, Mike. Good morning. Third quarter was a strong quarter for us. Our sales came in roughly as we were expecting and we drove the EPS be on the strength of gross margin performance in SG&A management. The gross margin is a factor of the program running a bit ahead of both pace in absolute dollar generation and that drove strength in the quarter from a gross margin perspective. Our teams are managing SG&A thoughtfully in the macro environment. Also, as you know, Chris and team came on Board and spent part of the quarter kind of revisiting current and future year priorities, there was probably a bit of SG&A that will shift from the third quarter to the fourth quarter that helped out the third quarter net. As we head into the fourth quarter, the topline is probably a bit softer, probably to the tune of around $100-ish million or so versus the expectations we would have had a quarter ago. Most of that is baking in the trends in Outdoors and Attachment Tools that we saw in the third quarter and also an expectation that unsettled UAW strike with at least two of the big auto manufacturers could pose some headwinds to our fastening business. So a softness in the fourth quarter at the topline slightly is one of the reasons that the guidance in absolute terms in the fourth quarter is there. And then we are investing, as I mentioned, some will be a little bit of a shift of SG&A from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, but we are at a point where we are confident in our margin and cash generation trajectory. We need to start investing for growth and we are doing that in the fourth quarter. And those two things together keep the EPS amount constant in the fourth quarter. And then on free cash flow, you are much of this year’s free cash flow is generated by working capital dynamics and much of those dynamics are continuing to play out according to plan and forecast and that’s largely why the free cash flow guide stays where it is for the year and the quarter.
Don Allan: Yeah. We will give detailed 2024 guidance at the end of the year when we do our fourth quarter. But I can point in a few directions, especially around the gross margin, because it’s such an important point of our progress and where our focused energy is. I think on a full year basis for 2024, we would expect full year gross margins around 30%, potentially a little bit higher than 30%, obviously, that means exiting above 30%, because we come in somewhere in the 28%-ish range. And so, I think you have it right, it is an exit rate, that’s going to be somewhere in the low 30%s, we will update to what degree that is in January. I think when you talk about the macro -- the macro, while there certainly a dynamic environment, it’s probably given all that’s going on in the world held in a bit stronger than we would expect and a lot of what’s going on in our business is kind of the resetting of inventories and channel this year, the resetting of the Outdoor business post-COVID and a little bit of the shift that consumers have from buying goods to buying services. And so I think the topline next year, we are expecting a similar stablish type macro environment with some dynamic elements around it, but it’s really going to depend on our volume next year, is really going to depend on has the consumer stabilized and the rebalance between goods and services and has the outdoor business stabilized post-COVID.
Don Allan: Yeah. I think, the -- I will start with the brand question and navigate to the macro question related to next year and thoughts about could we grow our topline. The Irwin and Troy-Bilt brands that are very good brands and they are outstanding brands in our portfolio. But as we have continued to focus on the simplification of our company, there’s a lot of aspects of that. There’s the aspects of how we do business with our customers and our suppliers. How we work internally in a more efficient and effective way. But there’s also looking at the simplification of the brands we have and how we go to market, and where we can effectively utilize them the most. We clearly have three very powerful brands that are incredibly important to our strategy in DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN and Stanley, and those would be focal points for that strategy going forward. But as you get into the next tier of brands like Irwin or LENOX or Troy-Bilt, et cetera. We will utilize them effectively but we will utilize them in a more simplified way and then you really seeing the impact of that with the adjustment to the valuation of what was on our balance sheet. It’s really nothing more than that. There’s a little bit of the SKU rationalization impact in there, but I think it’s more of the strategic way we are going to utilize it going forward. Looking at the macro for next year, I mean, Pat gave really good answers to our view is things are not, they are kind of mixed and it’s dynamic. That’s the way it is today and then we are kind of going into next year thinking that’s going to be similar to that. We have pockets of strength like our Professional Tool business. We have weak points in Outdoor and consumer trends. We get strength in aerospace and auto in our fastener and Industrial businesses. And we have some destocking happening in some other portions of our Industrial business and probably will be behind us as we go into next year. So, we think it’s going to be mix like that throughout most of next year. Could things get worse? Possibly. Could things be better? Yes, that’s possible, too. I think we are all watching the Fed to see what it does related to interest rates. If interest rates do not continue to rise, then I think we feel like there will be a stable environment that we can manage through that will be somewhat consistent to this. And if it is stable, can we grow? Well, we are investing for the main objective and reason to is to focus and gaining market share. And we have had a long history of gaining market share at Stanley Black & Decker. And we went through a period of time, in particular, in late 2021 and 2022, where we felt the impact of the shortage of semiconductors that really put us in a position where we actually lost some market share and we have been pretty frank and clear about that. But we are positioning ourselves again to get back to gaining share and we believe we stabilized a lot of that at this stage, and these investments that Chris referred to and Pat in their commentary are things that we believe will allow us to grow above the market, whatever the market is. And if the market is negative, we will -- we won’t be slight as much negative, if it’s stable or neutral will probably grow a little bit. And that’s really the goal and objective that we are going after, and over time, we would like to, as we have said be able to say that we can grow somewhere between 2 times to 3 times the market.
Don Allan: Thanks, Rob. Yeah. I think, the -- we are probably over using the word dynamic, but I think it’s an appropriate word to describe the current market situation, because there’s a lot of different shifts happening. There is certainly a great deal of construction activity, but it’s shifted quite a bit from what it was 18 months, 24 months ago where it was very heavily residential focused and commercial focus to some extent and then we went through the pandemic and the commercial activity slowed down. So, we continue to see different types of shifts. We do not see radical shifts in our business model though or how we go to market at this stage. One of the really great things about Stanley Black & Decker is that we have over the years been very focused on what are the right channels to the end-user. The professional that ultimately is the ones the individuals that use our tools and because of that history and those channels that we have very strong presence in not only North-America, but the European markets, as well as emerging markets around the globe. We have their presence to be able to ensure that we are meeting the needs of the end-user and if the end-user is shifting to e-commerce, we have the ability to serve them an e-commerce as well or if they continue to want to go to the traditional distributor that they have spent time with, we sell through that channel. So I think we are positioned well for whatever may happen in the future. Clearly, there will be a shift -- continued shift over time, we are more and more people focus on e-commerce activity. We positioned ourselves well over the last decade to be able to continue to address that. I think you will see more of that shifting as you get into some of these commercial and industrial channels with larger distributors as they built some e-commerce platforms during the pandemic to deal with a period of time where people didn’t want to get close to each other and we have been able to address that as well. So we are going to continue to do that. They will probably be an area that we will invest in overtime to make sure that we meet those needs of the channel.
Don Allan: Yeah. I will let Pat give it a little more color on that, but we are pleased that we have gotten to a more stable manufacturing level here in the fourth quarter. And at this point the view of next year is, if we assume the environment that Pat described around the $45 of EPS, that-- for in that range, because of where the macro is we would expect it to continue to be stable. We will continue to focus on optimizing inventory next year. So Pat, maybe give it a little more color on that.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. Hey, Julian. Our focus is going to remain margins and cash generation until we are back to the operating model that business has traditionally had. I’d say, gross margins you saw, both effects, the effects of the program driving the cost savings we expected to the tune of, one, 100 basis points to 150 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. Deflation also help in the quarter mostly from shipping coming off the balance sheet of another 100 basis points to 150 basis points. And then broader high cost inventory coming off the balance sheet of around 300 basis points. And that was our expectation. It’s great to see the teams working hard together to deliver the program on cadence, but as we have been telegraphing to investors, we could see the rate at which high cost inventory was coming off the balance sheet and that came well within our expectations and drove the important gross margin expansion. From here we have a pathway to 35%, obviously, the pathway going forward, it’s not going to be perfectly linear, but it’s certainly going to be more in the range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points a quarter on gross margin. As our operating margin question, that had more to do with just, it was about $200 plus million less revenue in this quarter and that was really the driver of the operating margin difference as we continue to invest in the business. And we are going to go forward both in the fourth quarter and as we head into a dynamic 2024 focused on continued gross margin expansion and cash generation. We are going to be investing for growth and that’s part of what we are doing in the fourth quarter and that’s what we are going to plan to do in 2024 as well. But we will be mindful of the macro environment and what that means for cash delivery and de-levering along that route. And the $4 to $5, I would say, given the performance of the business in the back half of the year in a dynamic market. I would still say, we see the $4 to $5 as a reasonable range. Certainly, it’s dependent on the macro and deflation versus inflationary environment. I would say that, the $4 to $5 anticipates a stable or improving macro. If you are at the stable side of the macro, you are probably on the lower side of the range and if you are at an improving macro, you kind of go towards the higher side of that range.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. Nicole, I mean, purely from a guidance and actuals perspective, I’d say, very much within the bounds. I’d say the only dynamic that played out a bit differently in the quarter is the promotional mix around margin accretive Power Tools was a bit higher, which was net accretive to the P&L, you saw the gross margin performance in the quarter. It just as you reconcile and provide out the actual color and pricing was a little bit more than we would have expect. But I think that’s kind of on the margin of just how promotional activity unfolds in the quarter. But I and Chris may want to add to this. I don’t think we see any kind of change to the competitive dynamics inclusive of the pricing related to the competitive dynamics.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. Yeah. I think, Joe, we certainly feel like we have opportunity to get inventory much leaner, right, probably to the tune of $1 billion to $1.5 billion over the next two years to three years at a pace of $400 million to $500 million a year. I think as it relates to the production normalization, you asked about and as it relates to kind of one-time items in the cost structure. I’d say for the most part 2024, we expect production to be normalized. Obviously, as we and the rest of the Outdoor industry find the new kind of post-COVID Outdoor base, we will be mindful of the production levels in our Outdoor space. But that’s kind of $2 billion-ish of $13 billion, $14 billion T&O business. So I think those production schedules will be in tied to the market realities we see in Outdoor. But broadly speaking, in this fourth quarter and as we head into 2024, Tools production has normalized. I think as you talk about the one-time costs. Those you are kind of seeing in our gross profit as we exit the fourth quarter of this year. So, during this year, you have seen a cost of about 400 basis points in total, 300 basis points of which was roughly high cost inventory and one of which -- 100 basis points of which was kind of under absorption of fixed cost. That has played out within 2023 and you are seeing that in the gross profit margin at almost did 28% in the third quarter and will probably be at or above in the fourth quarter. And so that’s kind of behind us and we are building off of that 28% plus gross margin next year as we head into 2024 and the program continues.
Chris Nelson: Yeah, Jeff. Thanks a lot. Nice hearing from you again. And what I’d say is that per Don’s comments, as we think about how we are going to move forward, and I would say, have focused investments in the business in the areas that we believe will drive the most leverage, making sure that we see which brands we want to invest in and what levers we want to pull there. And obviously, we have seen the strength of the Pro and there was we did, as far as near-term look, DEWALT was a positive story in the quarter, we need to keep on gathering steam with that. What I’d say is that, as far as in the investment buckets and where we are thinking we could have the most leverage. Certainly having the right products for the professional end-user is a large emphasis for us. We referenced a few of the launches that we have in the near-term, we are going to continue to double down on those types of investments for the Pro end-user, because of the strength of the brand, as well as what we see in the marketplace. Similarly, we want to make sure that we have the right commercial resources in the right markets on the ground with our customers, working with them on ways that we can grow together, because we really think that there is some great opportunities in the area -- in that area. So, that’s where really out of the gate, the emphasis is going to lie. As far as your other question on where we see, what we saw in the promotional activities? We are -- we did reference that we are going to be back in returning to traditional levels of promotion and we did that in Q3 and it started our quarter out strong and we are happy to be back in that promotional mindset, because it is an important part of the business and we think it is healthy and accretive for the business going forward. Now, we also are certainly going to supplement that with the new launches and we are going to lean into the new launches going into the back half of the year to continue that growth. But all in all, we are seeing the, in Q3, our sell-through was in line with our expectations. As far as pricing, we see disciplined in the marketplace as far as no deep discounting and we are going to make sure and continue in our healthy and traditional promotional mix. But then, like I said, also be driving growth organically through leaning into the opportunities that we see with the Pro.
Chris Nelson: No. I just think that the comment that Don made about the three flagship brands that we have. And it’s not only about net incremental investment, but it’s also taking a look and seeing how we can reallocate existing dollars towards those three priority brands and the key initiatives that we see with the Pro end-user, as well as making sure that we have the right commercial resources in place to be driving those returns as well. So we are thinking at -- looking at the entirety of the spend and not just the net incremental and then driving that into measurable initiatives to be able to make sure that we are getting the types of returns above fleet average that Pat referenced.
Chris Nelson: No. As I said earlier, I think, we are -- we see fairly good stability in the pricing and not a lot of competitive deep discounting and our -- just to reiterate, our focus is to be healthily involved in the promotional aspect of the business, because we think it’s important to have those key brands and products out in front of our end-users and our customers and we intend to continue at kind of those traditional levels. But more importantly, we are looking through our innovations and how we think about launching new products to be able to continue to supplement and grow those margins as well.
