Don Allan: Thank you, Pat. We embarked on a bold transformation in the middle of 2022 to set Stanley Black & Decker on a path to drive strong, long-term shareholder returns through sustainable growth, profitability and cash flow improvement. As we report another quarter of progress, our consistent execution against our plan gives us the confidence to increase investments, supporting the acceleration of organic growth behind our most powerful brands, particularly DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN, STANLEY. In the face of dynamic markets, we're focused on delivering best-in-class product innovation, implementing cost efficiency measures within our control, and driving share gain in our core markets. I am confident that we are creating a stronger and more focused company, capable of gaining market share consistently over the long term, with the best people, the most iconic brands and the highest quality innovation engine in the industry. With that, we are now ready for Q&A, Dennis.
Don Allan: Sure. Thanks, Rob. I think the competitive landscape has not really shifted or changed as we went through the end of '23 into the early stages of '24. There is modest movements in certain brands moving across retailers. But aside from that, we're not seeing unusual pricing or discounting happening. And for the most part, it's really all of us navigating a somewhat muted market right now and continuing to position ourselves for share gain. But I'll ask Chris Nelson to give a little more color on what he's seeing.
Don Allan: Yeah. So, Nigel, I'll have Chris answer your first question, and then I'll take the second question after he's done.
Don Allan: Yeah. The comment on the footprint, I mean, yeah, the geopolitical dynamics continue to be intriguing and interesting for sure, what may play out in the future. But as it comes to our footprint transformation, we started with an overarching strategy of finding ways to get closer to our customer with our supply base and our manufacturing [Technical Difficulty] certain types of products that are high volume, in particular. Other products, you have to focus more on the low-cost location. And so, you end up with a mixed geography of where you're manufacturing and how you're serving your customers. That hasn't really changed. What we continue to do as part of the transformation though is develop centers of excellence for power tools, certain types of hand tools, certain types of outdoor products that leverage the expertise we have in these geographies in Asia, in Mexico and in the United States and Eastern Europe. We will continue to build upon that, which gives -- eventually, will give us the ability to flex supply from different geographies if the geopolitical landscape changes radically. That will take time to do. That's not something that will necessarily occur in the next six to 12 months. But as we continue on this journey and finish this transformation in the next two to three years, that's an outcome that we're looking to achieve. And so, we believe that's the appropriate way to address what's happening in the dynamic geopolitical space, and we'll continue to evaluate that going forward as things shift in countries like the United States if they shift and make pivots as necessary.
Don Allan: Good morning, Eric. So, I would say that the level of promotional activities we're at now and we would expect in '24 is probably pretty consistent with what we experienced in 2019. And so, we're kind of back to where we were, which I think was a healthy balance of normal core operating selling activities and promotional activities. As we think about the year, our customers are not really talking to us about, what I would call, unusual levels of promotional activities. They're looking for the normal set of activities, and I think that's going to likely be the case throughout the year. And we tend to -- in demand markets like this that are somewhat stable in the sense where you don't have a lot of growth and you don't have a lot of retraction, it tends to be a more normal promotional environment in that setting. If demand retracts in a more significant way, then promotional activity does pull back a fair amount, because the impact of promotions is not as significant. If we see a back half of the year that gets better, which there's -- we talked about in our presentation that our guidance doesn't necessarily include that, but if the back-half demand environment is an improved environment, and you could potentially see a little bit of tick-up in promotional activity related to that. But at this stage, based on our guidance, I think it's probably balanced to say that our view is that promotional activity will be consistent with what we saw pre-pandemic.
Pat Hallinan: Hey, Julian, it's Pat. Thanks for the questions. Our focus next year is on both of these topics, gross margin and cash delivery. And as we moved through '23 and made very strong progress on gross margin, we certainly had the benefit in '23 of that progression being the consumption of high-cost inventory off the balance sheet. So, throughout '23, you saw a very, very significant degree of progression throughout the year. Throughout 2024, we're confident in our plan and we're targeting the 300 basis points roughly of progression throughout the year. It will be back-half weighted, and part of that is the low volumes that we saw the back half of '23 and expect to see the front half of '24, but we have every confidence we're going to deliver it. And as we started talking to investors the back half of last year, we guided people to measure our gross margin progress in half year increments. And if you look at the back half of '23, we were about 28.7% for our back half of 2023 progression. And we expect to be in expansion mode the front half of '24, it will be modest in the 50-ish basis point range, and we'll be stepping up more significantly in the back half of '24 as we accelerate some of the savings efforts we have on the docket for the year quickly to offset some of the volume softness we've been experiencing in the last six to 12 months. But we have every confidence we're going to get there. In terms of cash, the main difference in cash year-over-year is really the difference in the transformation initiatives that are planned for 2024, where we're doing a bigger proportion of the footprint moves, which are going to drive more CapEx during '24 than during 2023 about $100 million, and more cash-oriented restructuring charges around $50 million. So, the big difference year-over-year in cash drivers are the restructuring agenda. If you look at the rest of the cash drivers, we're still targeting pretty meaningful inventory reduction, but less than the $1 billion that we drove off the balance sheet in '23. We're going to be in the $400 million to $500 million range. But that difference in inventory reduction is made up by a higher operating profit. So, those two things roughly offset each other and the drivers are really the difference in year-over-year CapEx and the difference in year-over-year cash restructuring charges.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. So, on investments, we're continuing to invest predominantly in innovation and then in the field and marketing resources to activate it. So, of the $100 million we're targeting for '24, I'd say three quarters or more are around that. Obviously, a lot of that in our biggest business, our Tools & Outdoor business, but some in Industrial as well. It's mostly about innovation and market activation and field resources to support it, maybe 20% to 25% is another capability building to make us a more productive organization. And then, as we go through the year, I mean, obviously, we're going into a year with a pretty muted macro and the uncertainty we've been experiencing the last 12 or 18 months, we're certainly going to be paying close attention to the macro and managing our cost structure as we go throughout the year to be in step with that macro. But we are really focused on the long-term growth of this business, and we're going to be working hard as a leadership team and as an organization to preserve those investments, even if the macro creates a bit more headwinds than we're expecting, because we're not going to just completely collapse '24 investment at the risk of longer-term brand health and brand share gaining power. In terms of inflation and deflation for the year, our plan expects roughly flat across kind of materials and freight. You've obviously had some of the battery metals go down in significant percentage terms, but in dollar terms, those don't drive our basket as much as some others. There's been some recent upticks in steel resins, and we'll probably face some marginal pressure from Red Sea freight. But overall, you put metals and freight together, roughly flat. Still kind of a high labor rate environment, but that's embedded in our gross margin and SG&A assumptions. And then finally, price/cost, again, roughly neutral. It will have some carry-in price in Industrial, that's to the good, offset by just the normalization of promotional cadence in Tools & Outdoor. Again, recall the back half of '23, we're getting back to a normal promotional cadence as our supply chain healed and that will be playing through the front half of '24 as well. But I'd say those two forces together enterprise-wide get us to roughly flat price dynamics for the year and again a roughly flat inflation backdrop in total.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. No, like I said, we do expect some modest expansion front half to front half. We had, as we went through 2023 and we saw volumes being really soft, I think commend the team for still delivering over $500 million of savings across the volume backdrop that was for the year, about 300 basis points or 400 basis points below what we expected. And we got beyond the high side of our guidance for '23 gross margin. So, we came out at quite a strong rate. As you point out, the trajectory in the first half is positive even if a bit muted. And I'd say the couple of forces of that are, one that you pointed to, you have a heavier outdoor mix in the first half of the year, and you have some of the under absorption that was associated with low volumes from the back half of '23. And those are really the two forces, and they play out in the front half by muting some of the rate of that progress, but they don't take us off-track for the full year savings.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah. Adam, no, I mean, that program has been very thoughtful in weeding out complexity that's not creating value for end users or for our shareholders. And there's no major disruption by that, by any stretch of the means.
Pat Hallinan: Yeah, Mike. I'll give you a few points. I'd say '23 was a bit over $100 million, will be around $100 million for '24. And as I referenced on our earlier question, it's about three quarters around innovation and then the marketing and field resources to activate that effectively. And the rest of it is around capability building. Some of it in our business segments, a relatively small amount of it in corporate. And I think if you're getting to the broader question of you're sitting there with a model and you're trying to figure out is SG&A permanently at 21% of sales or something else, if that's kind of behind the essence of your question, I'd say as we get back to share gains and as we jolt our brands and our innovation up for a few years, I expect in the medium-term, to be more in the back to the 20%-ish range, if that's kind of what you're trying to unpack. But I would expect us to be elevated in '24 and potentially in '25 and '26 depending on the macro and some of the things we're prioritizing in the medium-term around that 20%-ish level. And then, I think, beyond the medium term, to the extent we can be exceptional at driving gross margin improvement, the SG&A will move with the rate at which we can drive gross margin improvement.
