Jim Loree: Thank you, Jeff. It’s been a great journey and not over yet. And before I turn it over to Don Allan, I just wanted to cover a little more detail on CAM. Growing and diversifying our industrial business through M&A is a priority for the company and a key element of our strategic capital deployment. Our vision presented at our 2019 Investor Day is to create a $3 billion to $4 billion global industrial platform that is made of highly engineered application-based solutions. We are looking for businesses that have the attributes you see on the left side of this slide, strong engineering capabilities with technology that has industry-leading, customer recognized and trusted brands, and a recurring revenue component or heavily weighted aftermarket element. Additionally, we want businesses that are global and scale, can differentiate through innovation and operate in strong end markets and have the potential for robust growth over the long-term. Consistent with this strategy, we are very excited about today’s announcement of the CAM acquisition. CAM is a leading manufacturer of specialty fasteners & components for the aerospace & defense end market. This acquisition is an ideal bolt-on to our existing Engineered Fastening business and further adds to our industrial portfolio in a new high-growth, high-margin market. The transaction is valued at up to $1.5 billion, with $200 million held back and contingent upon the 737 MAX receiving timely FAA authorization to return to service and Boeing achieving certain production levels. When adjusted for approximately $185 million net present value of expected cash tax benefits, the net transaction value is approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. CAM has LTM revenues of approximately $375 million and attractive profitability characteristics. This business has strong brands, a proven business model, deep customer relationships and an experienced management team, which will create a pathway for profitable growth and value creation. Given the favorable characteristics of the asset, the five – year five cash flow returns are within our 12% to 15% target, and is expected to add $0.30 to $0.40 of EPS accretion by year three. This acquisition of CAM also gives us a platform asset in aerospace to add on future bolt-on acquisitions. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and we’re excited to welcome CAM and its 1,600 employees to the Stanley Black & Decker family as soon as possible and are ready to get work – to get to work on the integration and synergy plan once closed. And as you take a step back to look at what we’ve accomplished in industrial over the past three years, it is notable that the acquisitions of Nelson, IES Attachments and CAM, aligned closely with our strategy and have increased our exposure to new end markets, while diversifying our industrial portfolio beyond automotive OEM. These three high-quality assets in the aggregate represent approximately $1 billion in revenue and $2.6 billion in strategic capital allocation. Each carry strong prospects for revenue and profit growth, as well as compelling cash flow returns and EPS accretion. And now I will turn it over to Don Allan to cover the fourth quarter and our 2020 guidance.
Jim Loree: Yes. I would say that, the 2 points from Craftsman, obviously, I stated in my prepared remarks, we expect mid single-digit performance for the overall business on a global basis. You’ll have – the other share gains that we will achieve above market GDP, which is probably in the high ones, if you look at our global mix anywhere from 1.8% to 2%. And so, any other share gains that we gain along there will add to that, and then we do have some pressures, as I mentioned, in emerging markets that we expect to continue in the first-half and then some of the industrial tool channels as well. In the first-half, there will be a bit of a drag on that, but those are the main categories. So I would expect share gains, some of those innovations, Craftsman, market growth of close to 2 and then you’re going to have some drag in the areas that I mentioned that kind of gets you to that mid single-digit number.
Jim Loree: Yes. So the first quarter, I mean, as I mentioned in my comments, we do have an incremental tariff and currency headwind of the annual number is about $115 million, that’s about – half of that’s going to hit in the first quarter. So that’s clearly of the magnitude of very similar to the number you mentioned related to the item in the first quarter of 2018. So, that’s a significant drag that we’re seeing. So you had a one-time now that last year that goes away, but then you had this particular issue that comes in. The – if you look at the split for the full-year, I said under $115 million of headwinds, the tariff numbers, $80 million to $90 million, and then the rest is currency. Commodities, at this point, we expect to be neutral. But, of course, that’s an opportunity as we go throughout the year to see if we get a little bit of deflation as the year goes on.
Jim Loree: And on the revitalization of the Black & Decker brand, this is an opportunity that has been in front of us for a long time and it’s taken a lot of thought and preparation and we’ve had so many other priorities in revitalizing brands that it was a little bit lower on the list. But it truly is a remarkable brand, one of the great consumer brands in the world. And it’s an opportunity to unlock some great value from this asset. And Jeff, as you know, is the mastermind behind the Craftsman revitalization and execution of that, and now he tackles this Black & Decker project and he’s actually worked and done a fair amount of work on this already, has a fair amount of definition for what it is. But how much of that he and we want to share right now is not very much, because there’s always the element of confidentiality and to some extent, surprise when it comes to these sort of things. And – but I will turn it over to Jeff and you can tell him then whatever you’d like to disclose at this point in time with recognizing that, it won’t be too much.
Jim Loree: And if I could just add. When we look – we look at the environment that we’re in over the last three years, the external headwinds have averaged about $300 million a year. And if you look at the five years preceding the 2017 to 2019, which is – would be the last three years, we look at the previous five years, they averaged $135 million a year. So we had a step function change in headwinds and most of those headwinds at the beginning of the year are a significant proportion of them were – it was impossible to plan for them. And so I think we’re sitting here at this juncture with the potential that we could have headwinds of hundreds of millions of dollars like we had over the past few years. And obviously, we have some of that in the plan or not, or something less. And so, it’s only prudent to reserve a pretty significant contingency for the potential that we could have really, really significant headwind similar to we’ve had over the last three years. And so that’s kind of where we’re thinking about it. And if they don’t come, then we have a fantastic opportunity to outperform our earnings, as well as reinvest in the company – in the company’s growth.
Jim Loree: I’m going to tackle that question, because Don has had so many questions about guidance, so I want to give him a break. But also, we both think about capital deployment quite a bit and we happen to agree on our approach. And so, as most of you know, our long-term capital deployment strategy is to allocate 50% of our excess capital to M&A and 50% to giving back to the shareholders in the form of dividends and repurchases. And over the last 20 years, you will find – if you calculate that, you will find that it actually turns out to be 50%, 50-50. And so we’ve been true to that and we will continue to be true to that, because we think that for this company, that is the best value creation strategy for the long-term. And so, we shouldn’t look at these things necessarily in isolation. But from a tactical point of view, we were at 2.0 debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the year. This will take us up to 2.66 for a period of time until we work it down again. So, there won’t be a lot of M&A activity – of significant M&A activity this year, unless something really significant comes along. And then we we look at what are the options and going forward, we have the Security business, which is a potential asset to monetize, if something really down the fairway came along our way. We also have the MTD option in front of us, but we have 10 years to execute that. So there’s no pressing need to have a – probably about $2 billion of – when we finally implement or execute that option, it would be about $2 billion if we did it in the 2021, 2022 timeframe. So I think, we’re in a great position from a tactical point of view, too. We have the opportunity to create excess capital if we see something really great that we want to execute on in terms of M&A. We also have the opportunity to kind of take 2020 as sort of rebuild the balance sheet year back to where we want it to be for the dry powder and we’ll go from there.
Jim Loree: Sure. I mean, we’re not disclosing the actual profitability level at the request of the CAM folks. However, suffice it to say that, it’s a high-growth, high-margin business and the – have substantial EBITDA and EBITDA growth potential ahead of it. The aftermarket is a pretty significant part of the revenue base. It has grown approximately 6% organically over the long-term. So very nice asset, high-growth, high profitability, good aftermarket content, and a lot of engineering content, which in a lot of these components are in critical functions on the airplane. So we’re very happy to have made this acquisition. It’s a strategic platform. There are multiple multitude of bolt-on opportunities, as well as some larger opportunities that may or may not become available over time. So it just gives us a great runway for future growth.
Donald Allan: I think it’s very cool how you addressed that, Tim, two-part question, it’s actually one question. Yes, so the cadence for Tools is that, we expect, in the first quarter, kind of relatively flat, maybe down slightly for organic growth, but I feel like it’ll be close to relatively flat. And then as we go throughout the year, there’s this comp issue that we’re dealing within the – in the first quarter for Craftsman is quite significant. It’s almost 3 points in the quarter. And so when you factor that in and you factor in some of the slower markets, I mentioned in emerging markets and industrial, it’s kind of how you get to that number. That’s going to start to regulate in Q2, and it obviously going to get to the back-half. You don’t have those types of pressures you’re dealing with year-over-year. And we expect nice growth from the program of Craftsman for the full-year, as I mentioned, 2 points. And I will remind everybody, the POS continues to be very strong for Craftsman. And it’s double digits – that has been double digits throughout 2019, and we expect to continue to be strong as we go through 2020 and the success of this roll out will help us drive that type of performance. And then we expect some of these markets to get a little better in the back-half and that’s probably the right way to think about the cadence.
Donald Allan: Sure. Yes, I would say that for 2020, that range of 10% of 90% to 100% is really dependent on probably primarily two factors. One would be working capital. We did end the year at close to 10 turns. And so we will continue to drive improvement in that number. But to get a positive impact in your free cash flow related to working capital, you need at least a half to 0.07 [ph] of a turn improvement for the whole company to make that happen. So we might get close to that, but it might actually be closer to neutral than a positive impact from working. And then CapEx will be something that continues to be between 3% to 3.5% of our revenue. But we also know that it’ll probably at the higher-end of that range in 2020, as we start to work through some of these China supply chain mitigation strategies as we move production to other countries in certain cases, as well as we will be building our Craftsman plant in Fort Worth, Texas as well, and there’ll be a fair amount of costs in 2020 related to that. So those are really the two factors that kind of result in that variation. Our goal is clearly to get to a 100% or more and always is, but we occasionally on an annual basis will manage that to achieve these other strategic objectives.
Donald Allan: Yes. The last part of your question is really just kind of timing of that particular – as we know certain things, certain parts of the world, you can’t do it as quickly as you’d like. So you have a little bit of an impact to that. That’s why it’s about $0.10 different than what you’re calculating for your math. But that obviously will carryover into 2021. Our margin resiliency, I’m glad you asked that question. The – if you remember from the October earnings call, when we gave you some initial thoughts about 2020, we were really had the objective of trying to position the company with an EPS growth that was reasonable, given the headwinds that we were going to experience or as a carryover into 2020. And I think we’ve done that with the guidance today at 6% midpoint. But we also wanted the margin resiliency to get about $100 million to $150 million of value in 2020, but we wanted that to be more of a contingency. And I mentioned that in my comments earlier, and that’s really the plan. So it’s not baked into our guidance right now. It’s there for, if other headwinds come our way that we have to deal with, like this virus and China as example might be a little bit of a headwind for a period of time. Currency might be a headwind that emerges or it doesn’t emerge, these headwinds don’t happen. And there’s an opportunity for us to outperform, and as I mentioned, reinvest in the business. The cadence by quarter is relatively consistent. It’s not going to be backend loaded in a big way. So, I would expect you can be pretty close to evenly split, maybe 40% in the first-half, 60% in the back-half.
Donald Allan: Yes. So, I’ll take that. The promotional activity, I would kind of summarize that as it’s an intense holiday season. There were a lot of things going on in the power tool space. And we ran probably higher-level promotions than originally expected as we went into the quarter, which that can happen sometimes in a holiday season, like the fourth quarter, even the second quarter occasionally, as we go into the – late spring and summer. So I would just say that’s things that happen and nothing really unusual about that. I would also say that, we did have a little bit of a reduction in the inventory and the channels by our customers, and so not a massive reduction in weeks on stock, but there was a little bit of a reduction in some of our major customers, which is good, because that’s just them managing their inventories appropriately. And as you know, in the case of one of our customers, in particular, they build a higher level of inventory due to those significant launch of Craftsman and that’s going to have to continue to be something we monitor. But we’re going to manage that throughout the year as we go through 2020 and still achieve 2 points of growth, as I mentioned, for Craftsman as we manage that dynamic. And if the POS continues to be strong, the way it has been in double digits, that the amount that we have to manage in inventory will become smaller and smaller. As far as tariffs go, the $85 million carry over, a lot of that is tariffs that were put in place in the back-half with some pricing put in place in that period as well. So there’s a little bit of carryover price, but we’re going to manage price more through the margin resiliency initiative versus specific pricing actions for tariffs, so there’ll be a little bit of that associated with $A, but that’s not a large number.
