Dennis Lange: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for Stanley Black & Decker's 2022 third quarter webcast. On the webcast, in addition to myself, Don Allan, President and CEO; and Corbin Walburger, Vice President and Interim CFO. On our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning and a supplemental presentation, which we will refer to, are available on the IR section of our website. A replay of this morning's webcast will also be available beginning at 11 a.m. today. This morning, Don and Corbin will review our 2022 third quarter results and various other matters followed by a Q&A session. Consistent with prior webcast, we are going to be sticking with just one question per caller. And as we normally do, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call on our current views. Such statements are based on assumptions of future events that may not prove to be accurate, and as such, they involve risk and uncertainty. It's therefore possible that the actual results may materially differ from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. We direct you to the cautionary statements in the 8-K that we filed with our press release and in our most recent '34 Act filing. I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Don Allan.
Dennis Lange: No, I don't think that our view in North America is pretty consistent as we -- we're seeing levels of demand that were consistent with how we exited the second quarter. Obviously, we're seeing weaker demand in Europe. But the production curtailments are really, to your point, about generating cash and that's really what's been driving it. So, that as Don said, we've been through three or four of these. And as we look at the desire to get the inventory out, there are a few ways to do it. But the quickest way for us was to reduce our production, which we've done throughout the last three or four months.
Dennis Lange: Yes. As we said earlier, we really did not see a big difference in the third quarter from what we exited in the second quarter. So in some ways, particularly around power tools, they've held up pretty well. Hand tools obviously was down a little bit. But in general, I think the POS sales in the U. S. have held up somewhat surprisingly well third quarter. Hard to tell what's going to happen in the fourth quarter and next year, as Don mentioned. But in the third quarter, we were relatively -- on a relative basis, pleased with what we saw.
Dennis Lange: Shannon thanks. We'd like to thank everyone again for calling in this morning and for your participation on the call. Thank you.
Don Allan: Thank you, Julian, for the question, and so we'll give you a little more color in response to that. But as I think through the -- you're right with your opening comment, this is really a heavy focus on cash flow right now. And I was very pleased to see that we generated some solid cash flow in the month of September. Our conviction related to the fourth quarter is very strong. I feel like that we've done all the right things to ensure that our inventory continues to go down. We took additional steps in the third quarter to lower production even further, which is obviously having a bigger impact on Q4 versus Q3. We made that decision as we started to get a little more insight into what we needed to produce in the first half of next year, what the inventory levels were going to be. And we looked at a variety of different scenarios: growth scenarios, flat scenarios and declining scenarios. And we utilized all those scenarios to help, what we feel is the best decision we can make related to production at this stage. The chart is a depiction at a high level of what we believe the gross margin rates will be when you blend all those different centers together and you look at all the possible outcomes. Could there be a scenario where we have a deeper decline in revenue and we have to pullback production even further? Yes, that could play out over 2023, but we'll see how that -- we'll see how things evolve as we get deeper into the end of this year into early next year. The focus for us, though, continues to be, as I mentioned at the start of this commentary, our top priority is cash flow. We believe there's $1.5 billion of inventory that still needs to be liquidated. You could look at history and even say that number might be as high as $2 billion. So it's somewhere in that range of $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We are going to aggressively pursue that. There will be some pain to our margins in the short term as we go through this transition, and the pain might be even a little more challenging if we see further top line deterioration in 2023. That being said, it is the absolute right thing to do, and I think we all agree with that. The second thing is we need to really aggressively pursue and we have been pursuing what's happening with commodity deflation and freight deflation. We see that as a big opportunity to potentially offset maybe some of these pressures we might see in a declining revenue environment in that particular situation. But either way, we need to pursue those as opportunities because they are becoming significant. You have declines since April in commodity prices at 30%, 40%, even 50% in some cases. And there's an opportunity that we have been actively pursuing for the last several months that we will continue to pursue. And yes, it will not hit our P&L until the later stages of 2023 post the liquidation of a large chunk of this inventory, but we have to make that come to life. That's another -- that's a lever that can help us maybe offset some of the pressure we might see at the top line if that does play out. And the third thing I'd say is we have a robust supply chain transformation plan, that will create $1.5 billion of value, as we both mentioned in our opening commentary over the next three years. That is significant. We see opportunities within product platforming, strategic sourcing, facility consolidation and then operational excellence that are significant that add up to that opportunity. And we will begin to achieve some of those benefits in 2023 and then further enhance those and benefits in 2024. All those levers are there and available for us to pursue to ensure that we have healthy cash flow in 2023 and we continue to make progress in the back half of the year in improving our gross margin rate.
Don Allan: Yes. Thanks, Tim, for that question. Yes, I'm really pleased with the team's progress in fill rates over the last 90 days. It's not 95% or above, so we still have more opportunity in front of us. But depending on the product category, we've made anywhere from 300 basis point improvement to 600 basis point improvement in the last 90 days. And so that's a great accomplishment by the team in a very short period of time. Now a large part of it is triggered by the supply constraint that we were dealing with in semiconductors, that now is pretty much behind us at this stage. And therefore, we feel like we can really focus on making sure that we're meeting the demand that our customers have. Another metric that we've looked at is what is the on-shelf percentage of all our products within our major customers. And those numbers are actually very good, 95-plus percent when you look at our products on the shelves -- those products are on the shelf. We have very little out-of-stock situations at this point in time. The third thing that I looked at is we actually did a really sizable promotion set of shipments to many customers in September and here in the month of October. A substantial amount of promotional activity is something that we haven't seen in well over a year, and so we're very pleased to be able to get back kind of at the end cap, get into some of the off-shelf areas within our major customers and begin to really drive some of that promotional activity and share gain in those particular circumstances. So, all three of those things are what we're looking at to really say, hey, we're making progress and we're getting back to a nice mix of core business and promotional activity, which is really, what makes the Tools and the Outdoor business successful over the midterm and the long term. As far as 2023, at this point, our customers are very excited about the upcoming year and the opportunities they see. They still believe that professional will continue to be strong. As I mentioned earlier, we are preparing a variety of different scenarios that could be a healthy environment or could be a significant decline that we have to manage through. And so therefore, we think given the amount of inventory we have, we have the ability to meet the needs of the customers, both core and promotional activities. And hence, why we continue to cut back production to ensure that we do actually lower our levels of inventory over the next 12 months.
Don Allan: Discounting, yes, on the inventory. So right now, I think we're being very balanced in our approach on how we liquidate inventory. We're looking at promotional activities. We're looking at alternative channels. The interesting part of the situation is that this is not old inventory. This is inventory that's been created in the last 15 to 18 months, that is very healthy inventory that we should be able to sell at reasonable price points. The question is time, how long do we want to take for the liquidation to occur. So I think we're going to strike the right balance between pursuing promotional discount activities and really just pursuing it more through normal core activity at normal price points.
Don Allan: Yes. I think when I look -- when I think about this situation, it obviously is something that's very unusual. We can't go back in time and look at anything in Stanley Black & Decker and say we had a period of time where we had 10% to 12% price increases. That just hasn't been part of any history here within the Company, at least recent history. And so therefore, you have to look at it a little bit differently. That being said, we all have to remember there's been a period of time leading up to this where we had no price increase of any substance, and we were incurring substantial impact in our P&L from the inflation back in 2021. And so we can't forget that. We have to recognize that that's a dynamic that we went through. And then when the tail end of this happens and we're recovering the commodity deflation that we're now experiencing, which actually won't hit our P&L until the later stages of 2023, we have to be vigilant with the price increases and recognize that just because the commodity indices have changed, it does not mean we can lower our prices, because we have the high-cost inventory in our system that has to flow through and be sold to our customers and eventually the end users over some period of time, which is probably at least nine to 12 months at a minimum. And therefore, I think the tail, we will continue to be disciplined about this. We always are looking at what's happening with our competitors in the market. At this stage, we feel like our price points are very consistent with their price points across virtually every category. So, we don't see anything unusual happening there. And we do know there are some competitors that are still putting some price increases into the market even today. So there's going to be a tail here that we're going to have to navigate through. I believe the impact of deflation and what happens with price over the next two years will still be a substantial positive for Stanley Black & Decker's P&L.
Don Allan: Yes. I think I'll just add to that, that when I made some comments in response to the first question, we have looked at a variety of different scenarios. And one of the scenarios is a continued retraction of demand as the housing market continues to slow and potentially construction slows down for a period of time. And therefore, we're factoring that into our decision as well. So it's a combination of what Corbin said, but it's also looking at what we think are potential scenarios for next year, and being thoughtful about what our production should be today. We have to remember that our supply chain is fairly lengthy. So things that we're producing today, we're selling -- something we produce this month, we're probably selling in the month of March and April of next year. And so that's really the decision we're making. And we're trying to strike the right balance and reducing the inventory, as Corbin was describing, and being as proactive and aggressive about that to continue to drive a healthy cash flow performance going forward. And then two, making sure we meet the needs of our customers and not have a retraction in our fill rates. And I think based on the decision we've made around production, we are striking the proper balance in that particular area.
Don Allan: Well, so I'll -- there was a lot in that, Michael. So I'll start with the first question you had around fourth quarter margins and how much they may be being impacted by these pullback in production decisions. The impact in the fourth quarter is about 5 points or 500 basis points. So it's substantial, clearly. So we're also dealing with the last stages or the middle stages of the high-cost inventory from the big inflation wage that we've had that are in our inventory now, and that we're starting to sell that through. So that's another factor that's pushing down margins that will take time to work through. Because even when you get 90% or 100% price recovery when you go to these actions, you still have an impact in your margin rate that's substantial. And in this case, the differential in our margin rate is about 300 basis points just from the difference of inflation, dollar and price dollar, because it's not a one-for-one offset. The only way you're going to offset it completely in your margin rate is going to be if you get like 120%, 130% recovery on inflation through price. And so you got a bit of a double impact that's impacting the margins right now in Q4. And so I think that's something that we just have to be thoughtful about as we analyze the view of Q4. We're not going to give a ton of color on 2023. What we're trying to do is help people understand that there's a path to get our gross margins back to the high 20s and eventually to 35-plus percent. The path is really about eliminating some of these temporary things, because these things are temporary in the sense of pulling back on production will eventually get back to a more normal level of production because we're going through a period of time that's whatever this recession is going to be and how long it's going to last. But if you just kind of put that in the rearview mirror and focus post the recession, we are going to be back to normal levels of production. We're going to have transformed our supply chain. We will have pursued all the commodity deflation that's out there. And yes, could there be a partial price offset to that? Yes, there could be. But at the end of the day, all these different things are going to have -- these are levers that drive our margin back to those levels. As far as what we guided back in July, what we're doing now has nothing to do with guidance in July. We have a new view on 2023, and so we're adjusting our manufacturing on that. I talked about the different scenarios we looked at as a result of that. We're getting closer to 2023, so it gives us the opportunity to adjust our manufacturing at this point. And then, we also want to be more aggressive and focus on generating more cash flow and reduce our inventory in the short and midterm. And that's really what's driving the temporary impact to our gross margins. I understand nobody likes the gross margins where they are. I don't like them where they are either. But I feel like we're pulling all the right levers that are in our control that are going to get our gross margins back to where they need to be. But it's going to be a multiyear period of time for that to happen.
Don Allan: That's a great question. We've actually integrated or folded in the integration process of MTD and Excel into the transformation plan in all the rhythms and rigors that we have around that. I mean we spend a lot of time every day, every week, focusing on these different things that we're talking about over the last hour. And so we have created a set of processes and rhythms that allow us to really polish these different things, make decisions related to a variety of different items and folding in the integration of MTD and Excel into that has actually been a bit of an efficiency for us to make sure that we don't lose sight of the importance of those acquisitions and effectively integrating them into the Stanley Black & Decker operating system. I think -- when I think about the outdoor business, yes, it was a rough outdoor season this year for sure due to weather primarily. And then, there was a bit of a consumer impact at the tail end of it as well as consumers started shifting their dollars to other areas. That being said, as you talk to our customers, they -- as usual, they're very bullish about the upcoming outdoor season and early next year. I think it will be a good season if the weather cooperates. Again, I think we've planned for a variety of different scenarios that could play out, whether it's a flat scenario or an up scenario or a down scenario, will be determined. But our production levels have been focused on those different scenarios because we are producing product in the fourth quarter for the upcoming season. So, it's difficult to know where that season is going to go. But if you listen to our customers, they're very excited about it. We're taking a balanced point of view on it to make sure that we effectively meet the needs of our customers and ensure that we don't get stuck with a lot of extra inventory if something unusual plays out. Maybe Corbin, you might want to talk a little bit about where we are with margin profile, how the integration is going and provide a little more color on that.
