John Lundgren: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everybody. As Greg mentioned, this morning, in addition to Don Allan and Jim Loree, we have Jeff Ansell, an additional colleague with us this morning. And as most of you know, Jeff runs our CDIY business. I will stay at a high level in my introductory comments and let Jeff dive a little deeper into CDIY, an outstanding quarter in CDIY, and Jim will give you a lot more granularity on both the industrial and the security segments before we open it up to Q&A. Revenues up 7%, 4% of that was organic, and Infastech accounted for the majority of the difference between organic growth and total sales. Our internal growth investments, Project Leapfrog, contributed almost 200 basis points to our growth in the first quarter. That program is really gaining some traction. Margins expanded 30 basis points to 12.1%. We had a lot of focus on cost because during the quarter, we absorbed about $25 million of negative currency pressure. But the fact that we did a really good job controlling costs in general and indirect costs in particular, we achieved some volume leverage. And as Don explained on our January call, of that $25 million, about one-third is translational and two-thirds is transactional. EPS was $1.07, $1.05 on a GAAP basis, and I think what will be good news to many of you, you'll see the convergence between GAAP and adjusted earnings as there were minimal special charges recorded in the first quarter, and it will be the same for the rest of this year. CDIY industrial both posted compelling top and bottom line results. Jeff is going to give you more on CDIY, so I will just note that organic growth was 6% and every geographic region on the globe expanded. Industrial delivered 5% organic growth and 15.6% margins. That's a 170 basis point improvement versus first quarter 2013. Looking at security, it is tracking to plan aside from the weather impact in North America, and security Europe is gaining some traction. It's not yet manifested in the financial performance. As suggested, Jim is going to give you a lot more detail where we are, where we are going with this business. We've got a lot going on, and in we think it's on the right track. But as a consequence, we're increasing the low-end of our guidance in 2014, and we are going to reiterate our cash flow performance. We are saying – taking the low-end up to $5.35 to $5.50. There's been a lot of volatility, a lot of uncertainty there that Don will talk about, and we are reaffirming $675 million in free cash flow. That's including the $250 million from a cash perspective of one-time payments. So, solid top and bottom line performance led by our CDIY and industrial tools businesses. Looking very quickly at the sources of growth, the top line momentum continues and as I suggested, our organic growth investments are starting to gain traction. Volume was up 4%. Price was flat, leading to organic growth of 4% for the quarter. Acquisitions accounted for another 4%, and currency was a 1% headwind for a total of 7%. On the acquisition front, we get more on the segments, but if you look at organic growth, the majority of our businesses grew 5% to 6% organically, and security, which represents about 20% of the business, was flat to slightly down. Jim will give you some more granularity. On acquisitions, that's primarily Infastech, which closed in February 2013. That's going really well, adding a tremendous value, both strategically and economically, to our engineering fastening business. But that will anniversary in the first quarter and will become core going forward. Very quickly at the regions, you've got more granularity in the appendix. The US was up 2%. Strong organic growth in most businesses. We did have some weather impact that affected parts of our security business, and to a lesser extent, CDIY and industrial. Europe a strong 4% with a tremendous performance in CDIY across the European region. The emerging markets were up 5%, with Asia somewhat stronger than Latin America as we continue to face both the economic, political and currency headwinds in Latin America. Finally, the rest of the world, while it's a small percentage of the business, was up 8%. There's a lot going on there. Japan, which only counts for 2% of our business, was stated, probably with some orders pull forward. There's a consumption tax that went into effect in Japan on April 1, so there's probably a little bit of order pull forward there. Canada, which accounts for about 5% of our business, was up 9%. So, good, strong performance in the rest of the world, as well as the emerging markets. Let me turn it over to Jeff Ansell, who is going to dive a little deeper into the terrific first quarter performance that his business does.
John Lundgren: Rich, let me just – this is John. Let me just follow up. We won't waste your spend time with some of the anecdotes. But to support what Don's saying, I think it is important to understand these are indirect costs. They're the kinds of things that John is talking about. These are the same conversations we've had with our board as every good board should ask. It's great that you are reducing indirect cost without having restructuring charges. What are we giving up? What aren't we doing? I think it's really important to note the reductions aren't coming as we break SG&A and other indirect costs into seven buckets. They aren't coming into the two or three buckets that have a long-term impact on the business, specifically. We are not cutting R&D, we are not cutting product development, we are not cutting our brand building activities. We are being very careful to ensure that we get the ROI on any of those activities before we add to them. But these are all, quite frankly, in the administrative areas and areas, the cost of doing business that we all recognize, but we think Don and his team and the folks leading this project have done a really good job in differentiating what has an impact on the business on our brands versus what is spending, quote, cost of doing business that we could be doing business at a lower cost.
John Lundgren: Which is really a natural evolution when you have a large merger such as we had with Stanley and Black & Decker and a few other large acquisitions on top of that. You put organizations together, people together, that settles down, they begin to work together. And then you focus on all the different types of costs that we are right now, which is really enforcing policy, changing policy and driving price.
John Lundgren: Yes, this is John. I will take it. You may or may not have been on the call during the source of growth discussion, and Jim can provide a little more granularity. We are about on track for emerging markets. Our growth is flat relative to the fourth quarter. But there are, as you'd suggested, a tremendous amount of moving pieces. 85%, or 80% of our emerging market volume is either in Latin America or Asia. Latin America, we continue to the face political, socioeconomic and currency headwinds, and it varies dramatically by country. Tremendous currency headwinds in Brazil, inability to ship in Venezuela and Argentina for different reasons. And as a consequence, Latin America grew low single-digits. That was below our expectations, but we absolutely believe, due to circumstances well beyond our control, on the other side, Asia continued to do well. We tempered our expectations for Asia, as China is an example, the GDP in the 7% range versus low double-digits as it's been in the past. But we kept up or exceeded market growth in those particular areas. A tremendous amount of the organic growth initiative to which you referred is taking place in emerging markets, as Jeff pointed out in his presentation. We've got about 300 additional feet on the street, salespeople, commercial people, focusing on those markets. And we think that's a great investment in that those people are not as expensive as a salesperson in Europe or in the US, yet the revenue that each of them generates has the ability to be as great. So, we think of that as very high return on our business. All-in, a tremendous – a lot of moving pieces within emerging markets, but in general, at the end of the day, consistent with our expectations, given the tremendous headwinds we faced. And I just – Jim will do it if I didn't, give a shout out to our emerging markets team. If you think about the currency headwinds they faced, the political issues they faced in Argentina and Venezuela, as well as just softening markets in Asia or less robust markets, I should say, they did a terrific job delivering on their commitments to us and our commitments to the external world. This is a very experienced, capable team with highly capable, local executives in each and every market coordinating really well between our industrial and our CDIY businesses to ensure that we are getting our products to the markets, to the end users, to the customers, irrespective of the channel of distribution, which is much more grey, much less black-and-white than it is and developed markets. So, all-in, a long answer to a simple question, but there are a lot of moving pieces, and we are quite pleased with how well that team performed.
John Lundgren: This is John. I will just add, because you won't get a follow-up, Jeff and his team have a 10-year track record, that's my history. Jeff's is a little longer than mine, of doing exactly what Jeff said. SFS was, if you will, born and embedded in the CDIY business. Jeff and his head of operations, there's no one in this Company that understands the benefits, both in terms of cash flow and productivity to high working capital turns, getting the – having supply and demand match, rigorous S&OP process. Of things that I worry about, and there are many, CDIY getting – making sure inventory is in line as the year progresses and driving the continuously improved working capital turns for which they've got an incredible track record, I've got a high degree of confidence that that will continue.
John Lundgren: First of all, when we do inventory builds in the first quarter, or any quarter, for that matter, you don't really get the benefit in your P&L until you sell the product to your customers. Because the way the accounting works, you have to basically – any positive variance, or any variance related to that, gets put on your balance sheet, and then it will flow through as your cost of sales when you sell to your customers. There is certainly no impact in the first quarter related to that aspect of it. As far as the FX impact, we did mention there was a $20 million impact to CDIY, which obviously prevented us seeing operating leverage. But when you excluded the impact, you did have that operating leverage. As time goes on here, assuming there's no change in currency rates, the number's going to get a little smaller, just a little bit smaller in the second quarter, but it will still be significant. And in the back half, there will be a still a little bit of negative FX pressure, but it will be at a much smaller pace. And then you will really start to see the operating leverage flow through at that point in time.
John Lundgren: Okay, so yes, we did see positive development throughout the quarter. January and February weather were – we had branch closings that really exceeded any days of branch closings that anybody here – since we can remember since we've owned securities, which is about 10 years, over 10 years. So, it was really rough from that perspective. I don't want to overstate the impact, it could've been 1 point of revenue or something like that, that – maybe 2 at most that is derived from that. However, there was definitely a positive trend, as the quarter went on. The vertical initiatives in healthcare and in education and retail, I'd say are the ones we're making the most progress on, especially retail and healthcare. The wins really, I think are just beginning to get our competitors' attention. Most of what we are doing in those areas, we're doing with proprietary differentiated technology, which is really going to be difficult in the very, very short term to compete against in the types of bake offs that we are having. But we expect competitor response at some point, that would be natural and normal. It will be the ones, the bigger companies that can muster a competitive response with technological solutions. I think we all know who those are. We have some that – we have a very big one and we have several that are more vertical focused. You have one that competes heavily in financial services, one that competes heavily in retail, and they are all doing their own thing. But we haven't seen anything directly related to our activities yet.
John Lundgren: Liam, the only thing to add to that, I think that's an incredibly good summary of a huge number of geographies with a lot of moving pieces. I believe – I know you are aware of this, but just to remind you, you mentioned Latin America in general. A lot of the early growth in addition to the environment being incredibly robust, as Jim suggested, were Stanley Black & Decker synergies. If you just take the two big regions, or if you take all the other emerging markets, Asia, Eastern Europe, Middle East, Stanley and Black & Decker has similarly-sized businesses, we were both underdeveloped. The opportunity to grow was there, and we've invested in that, as Jim suggested. Black & Decker had a meaningful business in Latin America, Stanley did not. A tremendous amount of the early growth in Latin America were, quite frankly, what we've categorized as revenue synergies. Selling legacy Stanley products through well-established Black & Decker channels of distribution, even producing hand tools in our formerly Black & Decker plant in New Baraba, that gave us a nice jumpstart to growing in Latin America. Just to add to what Jim said, which is, I think, pretty clear.
Jeff Ansell: Sure. Let me take the – we will call that a question and I have, or a subquestion, so we can answer both. But we are pretty confident in the profitability of the backlog, to your second question, because we have good visibility now into it. We know what the margin rates are in the backlog. That's something we couldn't have told you six months ago. There's been a lot of progress in that regard. Now, there's still the issue of executing in accordance with what you think the margins are in the backlog, and we are getting a lot closer on that. I would say year ago we were probably averaging 4 to 5 points off, and we're much closer, within 2 points at this point in time, and we're continuing to converge that to try to be exactly on where we think we should be as it relates to what the margin log is in the backlog. That goes to the primary question, which is some of the challenges that we face with respect to converting the backlog and how we're dealing with them. So, the way to think about this is that if we go back even just six months ago, what we had was 14 countries with about, roughly 70 regions within the countries and then a whole host of branches under them. Each one run autonomously with disparate information systems and really, no significant management process that was inherited with the Niscaya acquisition. Even as – so when questions were asked of management in the countries, or even in their regions, about what the state of the backlog was or how installations were going and what the efficiency was of what they were doing, there really was no accurate information. It was all hearsay and that type of thing. It was very loosey-goosey, and therefore lies some of the issue with respect to forecasting this business, historically. What we've done is in the last 90 days to 120 days, we have implemented a very, very rigorous set of metrics at the branch level that are now produced on a weekly basis, and we have set very specific targets for these metrics, and we expect the branch folks to deliver them. These metrics can then be rolled up at the region level within the country, the country level and the total Europe level so we can see exactly what's going on with respect to things like labor efficiency, like net realized margins, which is what I was talking about in the beginning, and attachment rate for RMR, and so on. It is a dramatic change in the efficacy of what we're trying to do here, and its very similar to what we did in the North American business in the second half. The challenge now lies in, not so much in getting the information in putting the management process in, it now lies in making sure that the people that are actually held accountable are able to execute, and that's where the level of uncertainty lies now. It is not necessarily in the profitability level in the backlog, because I think we have good visibility to that. It is much more in, okay, we've got hundreds of people in these branches that are expected to perform at a certain level, and are they really going to perform at that level, and how many of them are we going to have to replace? We could be far more specific about exactly what was going to happen in Europe with respect to margins if we knew that we had the right people in place in the branches. But this is the last shoe that we need to deal with, and I suspect there will be some attrition and so forth as we go through this process, but we are already making much more headway with respect to visibility, with respect to just the metrics in general and our ability to forecast the business.
Jeff Ansell: Yes. Michael, this is Jeff. To respond to the question, the PPT growth led all four of the SBUs for the fourth consecutive quarter. We continue to grow that business concurrent with the rest of the business but at accretive levels. And really, the driving force behind that is two things. Protecting the core business with things like innovations within brushless, cordless, et cetera. Things that are driving higher average tickets within our core and then augmenting that with the expansion products that fall into adjacencies that are predominantly incremental. Things like cordless nailing, cordless grease guns, heated jackets, things that we hadn't done historically that provide us new revenue opportunities to serve the same end use customer channel. That's really why that has – that business has performed at an accretive level, and new product development is clearly the driving force there and will be for the foreseeable future. I spend a high percentage of my time working on the pipeline of new product development with the teams, and if you could see my now, I'm smiling quite robustly. It looks quite good. In terms of inventories, we have intentionally put inventory into the system for two reasons. One is, even with headwinds of weather that existed in the first quarter, we had positive POS. We are not exactly certain what happens from a global perspective as the US thaws and other things continue to advance. The thing we are not going to do is starve our growth. We have the opportunity over three quarters to work through that inventory and if, in fact, there is more demand, we want to be able to serve it. It's not atypical. We do this typically in every first quarter. We've done it at an accelerated level because our growth is also going to accelerate.
Jeff Ansell: Yes, certainly. The emerging markets platform, 1,000 new products that we outlined, most of which began launching already this year, it does put downward pressure on the absolute price, given that it's MPP versus HPP. That said, we've found a way most recently through – via the acquisition of GQ and the work we've done in those markets to make sure that we are profitable at those price points. While we serve a different market and different price point, we also continue to be squarely profitable in that. The one thing that I would say also in the quarter is we did have benefits from some promotional activity in the first quarter of this year that we didn't have last year, if you recall. We didn't throw out a lot of products. We did have some promotional activity that helped us deliver 6% growth. That said, clearly inside the P&L, operating leverage excluding the currency headwind. All things played together quite well. We don't see a dynamically or dramatically different pricing environment that we had in the previous quarter or the previous several quarters, I would say.
Don Allan: On your first question, I think when we look at the security business, we still see long term, as a business, that can be mid teens profitability. We've communicated that before. The reality is that we do see a shift related to the European business by a quarter or two, as far as timing. Jim touched on it, it was more a timing issue. I wouldn't necessarily expect that there would be a dramatic pop in profitability in 2015. I would expect that we continue to see sequential improvement and growth year over year in profitability in 2015. But I do believe, as Jim mentioned, there's a lot of things that we continue to be focused on in our European business, and these things will take time to continue to address. But overall, the profitability will continue to improve. But I would expect it to be more a gradual, linear type of improvement over the next two years. On the indirect costs, when I look at that, that is really an effort of focusing on two things. One, volume of – or usage, if you want to call it, it the sense of how often do people travel, when do they travel, are they being efficient about it, use of office supplies, et cetera. All these different things that are tied to professional individuals in the Company, that we've actually asked people to be more focused on the use of them and be more efficient and effective. And at the same time there's the pricing aspect of really driving more pricing benefit based on our contracts with certain vendors. Due to that, I actually believe these are permanent changes that will stay in our P&L and they will not be something that pops back and affects us at some either later quarter or later year. We're trying to attack this in a way that is driving permanent change and therefore, driving operating leverage and we are starting to see in our P&L.
Don Allan: Said another way, we're going after waste, and examples would be like, for instance, these air cards that we have – we use for hot spots, for Wi-Fi hot spots, historically. Well, you don't really need an air card anymore, because we have iPhones, and if you desperately need to get onto the Wi-Fi, you can use that. So, we have hundreds of air cards that we canceled, and we've canceled a lot of data services in areas where we – where people had access to Wi-Fi. No need for that. As we go through each element of spending, there are just enormous opportunities to slash waste out of the system without affecting the ability of the individual to perform, and that's really the focus of this effort.
Don Allan: I will take that question. I feel really good about where we are with the $675 million. I do think that, like every year, we start out with a large, as I mentioned, working capital negative. The vast majority of that is planned and has been the case for the last three or four years. And then we have the specific actions that we are taking, not only in inventory, but all the other areas of working capital as we progress throughout the year. Of course, there's a big seasonality impact in the fourth quarter that goes the other way, as we see a lot of the revenue in our CDIY business in the month of October and November. And then it slows dramatically in the month of December, which allows us to really collect a lot of receivables, reduce our inventory levels, et cetera. All those dynamics together really drive our confidence and our ability to exceed 8 working capital turns this particular year. As far as other items on the cash flow, we are controlling CapEx, as I mentioned. We want that to be 2.5% of revenue, which is roughly $300 million for the year. We think we are tracking to that. We don't want to starve the CapEx to the point where we cause issues related to revenue or other areas in our business such as productivity projects and our supply chain. But we think we are at the right level with $300 million. And then the one-time payments of $250 million, I think that's a very reasonable balance estimate at this point. I'm certainly not concerned about it being above that number. With anything, it does have the potential to be slightly below it.
