James M. Loree: Okay. Well, I'll start. This is Jim. As far as M&A goes, we're – historically, if we go back 15 years or so, and we look at the capital allocation of the company, we've taken almost exactly 50% of our excess capital and allocated it to M&A, and the other 50% we've given back to the shareholders in the form of dividends and repurchases. And during that timeframe, we more than quintupled the size of the company and gave back a lot of cash along the way, and returns to shareholders were very, very solid, 400%, 500% over that timeframe. So we like that formula, and when we took the break it really was an opportunity to digest many of the acquisitions that we did over that timeframe. And now, we're back and we intend to kind of continue with that 50% allocation of excess capital to M&A and it's not an organizational bandwidth issue. I think Newell, despite it's relatively significant size, is really a bolt-on acquisition for the tool business. So, I'm not underestimating the importance of getting that integration right at all. It's top priority for us, but there are other businesses in the portfolio, and there's also some other activity going on in the tool industry that might lead to further consolidation, which we would intend to be a part of. So we'll do more deals as we go forward and it will be a contributor to our growth. We expect our organic growth to be 4% to 6% over the long-term, and we expect acquisitions to contribute another 5%, 6% annually above that.
James M. Loree: Yeah, this is Jim. The channel fill has been fairly comprehensive. It's still in process. So it continues, but it's on track. And as Don said, we'll be in the $100 million range for the four months, September through December, which meets our expectations. And I'd say there's probably more customer demand growing as we fill the channel and they start to see the early signs of their end-user pull. And so, we're expecting a pretty good growth as we go into 2017, as Don mentioned. And as far as the margin elements, I'll have – Don, you can tackle that one.
James M. Loree: Yeah, there's an element in growth in the Security business, which is supplementing our RMR portfolio, our recurring monthly revenue portfolio. And, so we will buy small bolt-on acquisitions, typically in the $20 million to $50 million kind of range. It's almost like CapEx. It's a bit of a steady state but it helps supplement the recurring revenue growth because, as you can imagine, when you have a recurring revenue portfolio and there's attrition in the 7% to 12% range, depending on the type of portfolio that you have to originate all that just to keep the recurring revenue portfolio even, and then you have to originate more to grow the recurring revenue portfolio. So growing the recurring revenue portfolio is assisted by supplementing it with small acquisitions but it's really not a very material amount of money to the overall corporation that we're spending on them.
James M. Loree: Okay, well, I'll let Don comment on quarterly revenue splits, but I don't think I'll say too much. But I'll talk about next year and the possibilities related to FLEXVOLT. And again, we don't know about cannibalization, so that is the big unknown. However, we feel like the order momentum is pretty good and the receptivity of the end users is excellent. So we are really paying attention to how much capacity do we have if this does become a much bigger program than $200 million in 2017. And right now we're hovering in the $400 million range for total capacity, and we're working to ensure that if it were even stronger than that that we could deal with the bottlenecks, but I don't imagine we could go too much beyond that. So, I think we're probably ring fencing it in the $200 million to $400 million sort of range.
James M. Loree: Yeah. So when you look at our hand tool business for Tools & Storage, it's – as I mentioned, it's pressured. It was down 3% organically in the quarter. The pressure is coming from what we call the Industrial Tool business, which are the brands of Proto, Facom, our Storage business, which is under Vidmar and Lista, and then the Mac Tool business is in that category; however, they're serving primarily the automotive aftermarket and they continue to demonstrate kind of low to mid-single digit organic growth. And that's been a trend that they've been on for a while. So we're seeing pressure in those tool channels that's been since it started in probably the early part to the mid-part of fourth quarter of last year that pressure continues. It anniversaries, obviously, in the fourth quarter. We're not expecting to see growth in that profile in the fourth quarter, but certainly the amount of retraction should be much smaller. And hopefully we can move beyond that into next year and it doesn't become a pressure point. It's more of can it go beyond flat and how do we gain share and maybe demonstrate some modest growth in that space.
James M. Loree: Yeah. So this year we're going to show about a point of positive, and that was in a market that was primarily, a good part of the year was more of a deflation commodity situation, although the amount was not really significant, so we don't -- we were able to -- I get a lot of this price from two different areas. One, we certainly are getting a lot of price benefit to offset the currency pressure that you're seeing primarily in emerging markets. That was by taking those price actions. That's a big part of what that 1% is. And then there's what I would say the normal ongoing activity that we do in all our businesses and have been doing for quite some time, which is around what I typically call surgical or strategic pricing actions, which is really looking at different products, different product categories, looking at the competitive pricing dynamics, look at the value proposition and the differentiation we might have in these categories, and then really setting a pricing that we think is more appropriate for the value that we provide to the consumer or the customer. And we've been doing that, we continue to do that, and that's something that I think even in a modest commodity inflation environment next year -- and it will be modest. Remember, my comments were not – our expectations are that this is not something that's going to be a significant commodity inflation market. I just don't think the demand is there to really stimulate that type of activity. But that being said, these surgical marketing or pricing approaches are things that we will continue to do. And so, although we'll probably see a little bit of price pressure here and there on certain products because of what we experienced with commodities this year, having a modest inflationary environment actually is helpful when you're having some of these surgical price initiatives.
James M. Loree: There is definitely some incremental distribution that we're picking up, particularly in the plumbing and trades and electrical trades, and we really like that kind of distribution. It's very dependable kind of favorable type of both end market and end channel. So, that would be in the, kind of in the (44:47) channel and some of the other – those types of channels outside of the home centers and mass merchants. But then, there's a lot of overlap too. So it's kind of a nice balance. We pick up some incremental distribution, but we also have the ability to consolidate within our existing channels and gain synergies and so on.
James M. Loree: And also, the talent. The talent that we've picked up when we did the merger with Black & Decker. I'd put my European team in Tools up against any team in the company in terms of just their passion, their commitment, their competency, and their ability to perform. So, that's a – human element is part that too.
James M. Loree: Sure, well, our POS at large retail has literally been spectacular in the beginning of the year. Close to the 10% kind of zone for a period of time. And then as the year went on -- so let's say beginning sometime in the second quarter started to sequentially get lower, and it never really got really low and it was always positive, but it was definitely trending sequentially lower up until the FLEXVOLT launch. And at that point we've seen it begin to track sequentially higher. And where we stand on weeks of sale in total is the weeks of sale are substantially lower right now than they were last year. And, I think part of that has to do with good sell-through and increasing sell-through, maybe even beating expectations of the retailers. But, I think also there is an element of structural change that's going on with supply chains at some of the major retailers. So hopefully that gives you some color on POS and sell-through.
Donald Allan: Yeah. And I'll address your second question, Rich, which is about kind of our views of 2017. Maybe what I can do is, build upon my comments at the end of the presentation and give a little bit of a framework of our current thoughts related to 2017. As I presented back in our Investor Day in May of 2015, we gave kind of a three-year perspective, annual objectives for three years is basically what it was and we said organic growth had a profile of 4% to 6%. Organic EPS growth would be 6% to 8%, so really demonstrating that operating leverage. And then, obviously acquisitions, we presented something in excess of 10% EPS growth if you included acquisitions. Our thoughts right now is that we think we're in that range. We're probably on the organic growth side at the low end of the range, which should be similar to the profile that we've experienced here in 2016, around 4%. We think that's probably a good proxy at this stage for next year. And then, the EPS number is probably in that – around that midpoint of that range I just mentioned at this stage. The other thing to keep in mind is as you start to look at the different segments for organic growth in particular, our Tools business will probably grow about 7% this year by the time the year is done. Our Security business will be around 1% organic growth, and we'll see mid-single digit declines in Industrial. Keeping in mind Industrial does have that kind of difficult comp that it's been dealing with a major customer. If you exclude that impact, it's probably down about 2% today. I think that's a good framework, frankly, for next year with maybe Tools being a little bit lower from that 7%, but we'll see how positive the impact of FLEXVOLT is. It's still early days, but as Jim mentioned, it's very positive at this stage, so we'll see if that is a little bit higher than our expectation. We previously communicated that we think it will be $200 million roughly of revenue next year. And the one factor we don't know yet is the cannibalization impact. And then, the other two segments, I think you'll see 1% to 2% growth probably in Security and a modest decline most likely Industrial continuing, as we probably work through continued difficult Industrial market. But I think that's a good framework to start with, and we'll see how the year ends. We haven't provided specific input around currency and commodities. But at this point, based on current rates, currency is probably a $20 million to $30 million pressure next year, and commodities is probably a similar amount at this stage. So we don't see that as a major headwind going into 2017, which is why we still think we can achieve reasonable operating leverage.
Donald Allan: Yeah. So as we initially discussed, I think back in July, the second half definitely has a little bit of margin pressure related to the launch of FLEXVOLT, both on the gross margin side and then some of the activities we're doing in SG&A around the digital marketing programs and commercialization activities. That's going to continue most likely into the first quarter. We don't see that as a major pressure point. As you see the business had 17.4% margin in the third quarter, very strong and up 70 basis points year-over-year. And so, we don't see it as a major drag, but it's certainly-- when you look at it sequentially versus Q2, as an example, it's one of reasons why we're at 17.4% versus 18.8% in the second quarter. But as we enter the back half of next year, margins will regulate and we get to more line averages or above, depending on which FLEXVOLT product category.
Donald Allan: Yeah, so let me start with thoughts about 2017 as it related to Security. In those comments that I made, we are not factoring in any decision related to Security because obviously there are different things that are being evaluated. However, if you look at the three options we discussed, one is obviously keeping the business, which would have no impact. The second option was to do something with the entire Security business, which would obviously have a significant impact to what I described. And then the third option was an evaluation of our mechanical lock business and determining potential divestiture of that. If that was the choice that we chose, then there would be, what I would say, a modest dilutive impact to that. However, the proceeds of the money we received could partially be used to do a buyback to minimize that dilution. So, our view is we don't think – under that scenario we don't think it would be – it would have a large impact on the numbers that I described. So that gives you a little bit of framework on our thoughts there. On the kind of the Industrial breakdown, you said Apple had growth in the fourth quarter. I think you were referring to Apple the company, not our business, but we're not projecting growth in our business, so that's probably part of your question. But what I said was that we are seeing – we saw slowing in the North American auto business in the third quarter. We expect that to continue as we're starting to see especially with the big four, a little lighter production schedule for the fourth quarter. So we're going to probably continue to see pressure there. The current projections for next year for light vehicle production are still positive, although they're very modest at just over about a 0.5% year-over-year. So, North America right now appears to be a modest growth number for light vehicle production, which we tend to outperform. We'll have to watch that very closely as the year ends. Looking at Oil & Gas, it is weakening and it's weakening primarily because there is a large project in the Dakotas of the U.S. that has been dealing with protesters and other activities that have shutdown a lot of that pipeline construction and that's impacted us modestly in Q3 but we do see that as a larger impact in Q4. And so, those are two factors that we're seeing in Q4 that are creating our view of guidance and why we have not raised our guidance beyond the $0.05 kind of drop through of what we outperformed, or a large part of what we outperformed in Q3.
Donald Allan: Yeah. The fourth quarter normally has a sequential decline because there is a significant mix shift that does happen in Tools & Storage in Q4. Because of the holiday season, you do have a higher level of Black & Decker-branded products that are being solid, a little bit of promotional activities. And that historically has been, depending on the year, it can be anywhere from 40 basis points to 80 basis points of a drop when you look at Q3. If you factor in the FLEXVOLT activities, that most likely would be another 30 basis points to 50 basis points on top of that. So, the other thing that we're seeing is that we are seeing a little bit of modest commodity inflation as we exit the year. It's not dramatically impacting the rates, but that could be a 0.10 point as well with our 10 basis points. That kind of gives you a little bit of granularity around that.
Donald Allan: Yeah. And as far as this year's third and fourth quarter, we don't really like grind into that detail, but as we said, it's a $100 million for this year, slightly under $100 million. I think you can reasonably assume that the split is pretty close to 50/50. It's not dramatically different than that. It's a little bit more in fourth quarter, a little less in third quarter.
Donald Allan: Okay, well, I'll take that one. We have excellent, excellent coverage of the emerging markets. I think the Stanley Black & Decker merger positioned us to be able to really blanket the markets with distribution coverage. And in addition to that, we've organized in a way that enables us to both get intimate local market knowledge and coverage, and at the same time be able to introduce products and make marketing moves across the entire universe of the emerging markets. So an interesting walk around them, Latin America, which is pretty significantly over-indexed for us and has been pretty difficult over the last few years for reasons that relate mostly to political instability and also the commodity bust, and the impact that that had on those markets, and of course, the FX that came along with those problems, the currency pressures. But in any event, what we see in Latin America in general is some pretty positive indications. Nothing robust at this point of time, but I would – if I were betting, I would bet that the Latin American markets are going to be, in general, better in 2017 than they have been in recent years. In the sense that Argentina with Macri and some of his reforms are starting to take root, and then you have the long drawn out Brazilian political drama with the scandals and so forth that have unseated the leader. That all is going to, I think, ultimately result in more stability and more reforms as we go forward. And then some of the traditional, stronger – the ones that have been traditionally stronger in recent years, such as Mexico, will probably continue to chug along at the rate that they have been. Don't see any major dislocation there. And then, as commodities have stabilized, the Western countries in Latin America, like Chile and Peru, seemed to have stabilized as well. So, on balance, I think the Latin American situation is pretty bright for us as we go forward. If we move over to Asia, the non-Chinese developing markets in Asia, in general, are stable to slightly positive. China is a big question mark. We don't have a tremendous amount of volume in China, but the market itself is very questionable. I think right now it's hard to really believe the data that comes out related to GDP. And what we see is Industrial is very weak in China and we see no real reason to become bullish on Industrial in China. So it's quite negative. And sooner or later I think the chickens may come home to roost in terms of the reality in China, would be my guess. And then, we just take some of the other countries like Russia, that's pretty much a crapshoot in terms of what's going to happen there. Comps are very easy right now in terms of as we go forward. But then again, what does the future portend I think the political situation there is very questionable. And then, the same is true as you get into Turkey and some of the other Middle Eastern countries. And so, that's – in India, again, we don't have much in India, but India is a good place to be right now from an economic perspective. So hopefully that's helpful.
Donald Allan: Sure. Excuse me, I'll take that one. As both Jim and I mentioned in our comments, we're very, very pleased with the organic growth profile that we've seen in Europe. And frankly, this is a trend that's been going on for almost three years now. We've seen really consistent anywhere from mid to high-single digit organic growth. This quarter was 11%, so even better, and low double digits. And, I think when we look at it, it started out as some revenue synergies that came out of the Stanley and Black & Decker merger that we really were leveraging and having a positive impact in that region. Then we started getting deeper into SFS2.0 and some of the commercial excellence efforts, now we're getting into the digital components of that with digital marketing and more E-commerce activities over there. And then, you combine it with the fact that with new technologies, like Brushless as an example in the cordless power tool space, innovation that we brought to the marketplace, we've created an opportunity to fill a lot of white space within certain base of our customers. And so, we've been able to fill that white space and put forth different products. Now, the other item that I did mention was also putting the Stanley FATMAX brand on mid-price point power tools in Europe. And so, that was another opportunity that was leveraging the effect of synergies of the two companies. And Europe is probably the best example, and then maybe emerging markets after that, of a combination of the revenue synergies from the merger and then the great benefits that we're starting to see in the first couple of years from SFS2.0.
Donald Allan: Sure. So, I think we're – if you equate it to a baseball game, I think we're probably still in maybe the fourth inning at this point, related to our progress. We're very pleased, as we mentioned in our comments, mine in particular, about the progress that we're seeing in North America. Europe made great progress over the last few years, but now Europe's kind of hitting the threshold of being close to 10% profitability, and then taking it to the next step, which is closer to the low to mid-teens. That's hard to work and it takes more effort and you also have to have a continued top-line organic growth performance to get some leverage effects as well. But I think each region has made great progress. The Europe journey, the improvement has been going on a little bit longer than in North America, but I still see at this point we're probably going to end the year close to 13% profitability for the segment. Probably just under 13%. And at this stage, we still see a path for it to get to close to 15% as we communicated back at our Investor Day in May of 2015. And we're probably two to three years away from achieving that objective because we're continuing to do a lot of heavy lifting and one of the value proposition items that we see in electronics Security is the ability to really differentiate with customer service and that's what the teams have been focused on for the last year or two. But we still see a world of opportunity in that space to make it better and better, which is only going to enhance our productivity as time goes on.
