James Loree: Well, that's a, it's a, it's an interesting question, because I just happened to see it flash up on my phone about 30 minutes ago, but it is a very nice price. First of all, $3.1 billion, we consider 14.5 times LTM EBITDA must be adjusted a little bit, but still very high multiple. We believe our business is probably worth at least as much if not more, probably another turn or two more than Chubb [ph] all else equal. So you know, that I think pins evaluation on our business that is perhaps a little higher than even we thought it was. And so, there's no direct response to your question right now other than we are obviously digesting the news. And we will continue to evaluate options, whether they be retention of the business, disposition of the business or something in between. So that's where we are right now.
James Loree: Well, Michael, that's a lot of a lot of questions packed in one, but we'll tackle them. First of all, the market itself did grow nicely in 2021 and the growth for MTD was minimal nominal, and that can be traced entirely to supply chain issues. The demand was there and it continues to be there. But like many large equipment providers, they are -- they have struggled a bit with pandemic related issues, labor shortages, also some component shortages and things like that. Some companies have been situated in ways to manage them through the turbulence and still come out with great growth, as you can see in our tool business for example. Other companies may not have had all the wherewithal or the situation might not have lent itself to that same successful outcomes. And so, yes, there was a little bit of share loss because of the supply chain issues, but I can assure you that it has nothing to do with the fundamental strength of the company, the strength of the products, and the brands and the products themselves. I mean, we visited, as I mentioned, last week their headquarters and spent a couple hours looking at their product innovation pipeline. And I can tell you when we marry, successfully completing this deal with regulatory approvals, et cetera, when we are able to marry the brands of Stanley Black & Decker with the products that they've come up with already, and it's going to be a very, very exciting combination. So we're not concerned about the supply chain issues being a long-term issue. We have included in our pro formas a significant amount of resource to manage through those. We bring the scale and the expertise to help do that for them with them. The negotiations, really, so if you think back to the structure, the structure was predicated on essentially a multiple of EBITDA, and the incremental EBITDA that has grown since the time we initially took our 20% stake times 5.5 times, I mean, that's the formula. So, 5.5 times the EBITDA growth, under the theory that we both work together in different ways over the course of time to help them increase the EBITDA, so we should share that increase. And so, 5.5 times is half of11 times, which is what we paid for the 20%. So really, the only negotiation of significance boils down to certain due diligence items, which would be debt like items, maybe certain liabilities that we would see in environmental or tax or those types of things, as well as maybe some adjustments here and there for you to get from a GAAP EBITDA to an adjusted EBITDA, which the formula was based on. So, one example of that would be, since the formula was such a quantitative formula, that the temptation that most folks could have had and didn't actually do this, but they could have, say for instance, decreased their R&D, or they could have shut down their robotics business, which loses a modest amount of money to increase the EBITDA. We asked them to not do anything that would impair the company strategically for the benefit of financial, for their financial purchase price. And they've been very high integrity and so, there may be some adjustments of that sort, but that's fundamentally what's being negotiated.
James Loree: Yes, sure Nicole. Yes, I wouldn’t say that the material difference between the third quarter and the fourth quarter, you obviously have some differences in the sense of the timing of the pricing, whereas we continue to have discussions with our customers on price to be implemented throughout the third quarter and that should be completed by the end of the third quarter. So you have a little bit of cadence of that with a full quarter impact in the fourth quarter as a positive. So, that will be helpful trends. You also have something going the other way and the seasonality that plays out of Q3 versus Q4 every year, just the mix of promotions and mix of activities that happen in Q4 versus Q3 can result in anywhere from an 80 basis point to 120 basis point decline in margins in the tools business from Q3 to Q4. And so, when you factor those types of things in yes, we think the tools margins in the back half will be somewhere between 16% and 17%. So roughly 16.5% on average. Q3 will be around the high point of that range, and Q4 will be around the low point of that range. And so that's probably the right way to think it's just, due to that dynamic that I just described. The other two businesses will continue to modestly improve as far as Q2, Q3 to Q4 and their profitability rates, but not in a significant way. So I think that's probably helpful color in that area for you.
James Loree: Well, if only it was as simple as that. The MTD folks basically make gas powered equipment and specialize in higher end of zero-turn mowers and riding mowers and have some but a relatively limited walk behind business in terms of dollar percentage of total. So electric penetration into riders and zero-turns is roughly about 1% and has stayed pretty constant. So we can't paint MTD with that brush that you are painting them with, number one, because their mix is gas powered. And we know that other gas powered, heavy outdoor power equipment makers grew. And these include some companies that we're very familiar with, that grew in the 10% to 20% range during that quarter. So it is what it is. It's not a shift to electric. We will make that happen later if we're able to execute on this and that's kind of where we are at this point.
James Loree: I'd love to hear your opinion on that Eric, but market share in terms of progress, are you talking about products? Are you talking about competitors? All the above? I mean, clearly, there's a very intense battle going on between us and TTI. TTI has picked exclusive, an exclusive strategy in the home centers, with one player, as well as a kind of commercial and industrial strategy predicated on a lot of feet on the street and a lot of investment in sales and marketing resources in that regard. Brand to brand, I'd say, when you look at the two brands, DeWalt and Milwaukee, we believe DeWalt is a stronger brand, but not by that much. When we look at Craftsman and Ryobi, we think that Craftsman is a far stronger brand than Ryobi and that's based on actual research. So, that's kind of the setup there globally. TTI is making some progress, making some investments around the world, but it's largely focused historically on North America and on Australia, New Zealand. So that's kind of the stage there. The interaction with retailers, I think the retailers are as optimistic as we are about the future and I think they would love to have more inventory yesterday. And we keep getting those reminders as we operate our factory system at full bore. And, we're adding capacity, we're adding several plants this year, and that will help. We're also working on making sure that we're looking out far enough on all components that we need and expediting components all around the world to make sure that we can serve their needs from a supply chain perspective, and continue to gain share. So interaction with retailers is great, it's intense. People are kind of really seeking more product and we're doing everything we can to do that, meet their needs.
