Jim Loree: Okay, thank you, Nigel. To be very clear, there's no acquisition of MTD in the guidance. There's some licensing income associated with some of the opportunities I described in the comments. There's some organic growth in Stanley based on some collaboration with MTD on products that we'll be selling through our own channels and our own brands. But there is no, nothing related to the acquisition in the guidance. The multiple is going to be a trailing multiple, because that's how the option is basically priced. It's based on a trailing EBITDA. And so that's where the 7 to 8 times comes from. And as far as the road to mid-teens operating margin, it's our objective to get the operating margins up to around somewhere around eight-ish percent next year, maybe a little higher if the volume kind of comes through the way we think. And so if we start from say a base of maybe 8% to 10%, there is a whole series of cost reduction value creation activities that exists in a plan, if you will, it's a somewhat high-level plan, because we're not able to get into super detailed diligence at this point. But we have been working with a major consulting firm to come up with some point of view on how we can get to a number something in the neighborhood of probably $50 million to $100 million of additional margin improvement that is not being implemented by MTD for various reasons. One, they may not have the appetite for it, or they may not have the capability to do it. But we have some ideas that are pretty specific in that regard. That gets us up into like the 12-ish kind of zone. And then from 12 to 15, it really is going to be a function of really leveraging the synergies between the companies, the channel synergies, the brand synergies, the growth and also a major thrust into the professional channel. I must say that having spent some time at MTD in September, I was blown away by the quality of their innovation pipeline, the collaboration to the extent we've been allowed to do that through based on certain legal constraints and so on, but the collaboration that we have been able to do in terms of lightweighting, electrification, autonomy, those types of things. It's really, really impressive. And what they've done on their own is impressive too. So the combination of all those things, I expect that we'll make a major thrust into the pro-channel, the products are going to be very, very strong. And when we start branding those products with some of our major brands such as DeWalt, I think there's going to be a really compelling value proposition for the channel and the end user to carry those products and buy those products. So that's kind of where we're going with MTD. You can start to see the -- in the marketplace in 2021, some of the call them collaborations around just the edges without really being 100% owned by us. And the ability for us to generate $100 million of organic growth, just with some, some modest collaboration, in terms of commercial and product is really kind of underlines the potential and the power of this relationship.
Jim Loree: And I just wanted to comment, too, on the inflation perception, because it was really interesting, sitting here and listening to some of the feedback from investors over -- from the last couple of weeks about this inflation concern. And we were scratching our heads to some extent, because we've had inflation more often more years than not over the 20 plus years I've been here. And we've always been able to offset a part of it with price and new product in development, new product introductions, and so on. And then there's always productivity that has come through and helped offset the rest of it, and actually given us some decent margin accretion in certain years, even when there was inflation. And so this reflex reaction that, that occurred, which was oh, my gosh, Stanley Black & Decker is inflation prone. It didn't make any sense to us. But then when we thought about it, we realized that if you go back to the 2017, 2018, 2019, kind of timeframe, there was this billion dollars of headwinds that we have all behind us now. And that billion dollars of headwinds was a triad of things, it was the inflation, it was the tariffs, and it was the FX, and a billion dollars was just too big a series of headwinds to just offset with the normal types of offsets that I talked about. So we ended up having to do some restructuring. And by the way, we still generated 6% earnings growth during that timeframe. So it wasn't catastrophic, it was just a lot of work and a lot of pain in order to get through that period, and we did it. But in any one of those, whether it was the FX, or the inflation, or the tariffs, any one of those, we could have handled it easily through our normal contingencies and things like that. But when we put them all together, and that three years in a row, it just -- it became a lot. And so that perception, I think develops. So immediately when the winds of inflation started blowing in the third and fourth quarter, we got this reflex from the investment community. But I think, as of today, I hope that we can put that behind us because it is not a significant material issue to us in 2021.
Jim Loree: Well, I did lay out in my remarks, kind of the things that I thought were driving the demand, which is one is a secular shift to DIY with so many people at home and with the home being the focal point, as well as outdoor, being the focal point of people's activities, and the number of projects and the number of people doing projects and doing projects for the first time is at record levels. And I think another thing is the installed base of battery systems is a big deal, with this kind of growth that we have in 2020 and now into 2021. There are going to be more and more first timers or people that have bought new battery systems, investing in additional tools for their battery systems. And frankly, I think when once people discover DIY; it tends to be somewhat addictive. So I think that, we're going to have, it is a secular shift in my opinion, I think the home center CEOs would agree with that. I've heard them talk about that as well. So that's a big deal. Obviously, it abates over time as the comps kind of get tougher in terms of its percentage impact on growth. And what we saw in 2000, what relative to the Pros was in the beginning the Pros like let's say like April/May projects kind of came to a grinding halt for the most part except for the really essential ones and then into the summer, the Pro started coming back and into the third and fourth quarter, you can't even get a contractor in this country anymore if you want one. So at least I've had that experience. I think the contractors are very busy in the resi and both the remodeling and in the new construction areas. They've got a tremendous backlog. I think they're back. I mean, I think that that has played out. So, as we go forward, I think what we're really looking at is more of kind of going up against the comps and getting back to a more normal environment as we get into 2022 and beyond. But it's -- it is one, it is an artist, you say, and it's difficult to really parse in great detail exactly what's happening. But that is our gut feeling instinct based on what we could see here at this point.
Jim Loree: Yes. I think it is. It's -- we -- we were talking about four weeks probably is a reasonable number to improve. It is a global number we're talking about because we do see opportunity across the globe, probably heavily, more heavily weighted to North America because we know those inventories are definitely at the very low end of the range of where we like to be. And so maybe 75% to 80% of it is weighted to the U.S. and North America. But I think when you think about the growth that could come with that, it's probably a couple points of growth, maybe two-and-a-half points of growth for the full-year, which means it could be five points in the first half. So that's the magnitude we're talking about. And I think we'll see it start to evolve in Q1. But it might be more heavily weighted to Q2, because the POS just seems really robust in Q1 at this stage.
Jim Loree: Yes. We were very fortunate that we were able to really -- first of all, we started the year with a really solid on inventory position, both in the company and in the channels, which are at least in North American channels, where the demand really spiked. And so that, that was helpful, because it was kind of a strange situation, but it got into May. And we were looking at POS that was starting to skyrocket and the orders were not coming in from the channel. And so we ended up building quite a bit of inventory, starting in May, actually over $500 million of inventory we built to serve POS demand that was occurring, and we had to kind of bet that the POS was going to continue at that rate, and it did. And that enabled us to really get ahead of the situation so that we've been. Now, if you look at us at this point in time, we're essentially serving the POS and have them for two quarters now. And we're able to do that. Our end user -- our end users continue to be very, very robust in buying Tools, and our channel partners would like more, they would like their inventory restored. That is the challenge. And so one of the things that we've done, and we were also very fortunate from the standpoint of are made in our "Make Where You Sell" campaign that we've been working on for three or four years had some pretty significant capacity additions, both in Mexico and in North America and in the U.S., and a number of those are either online or coming online, including a major plant in Mexico and a major plant in the U.S. in later in 2021. And so as we look forward, we're not counting on those to necessarily get the inventories to where they need to be in the channels. But we're looking forward to the fact that we will have more capacity in the system significantly more capacity as we get into 2021. So we're not too concerned about that. In the meantime, there's a tremendous amount of inefficiency that's been built into our cost of goods sold here in the second, third and fourth quarters, especially the third and fourth quarters where in order to meet the fill rate objectives and keep the inventories at the levels that we've been able to, we've done a lot of heroic things that have been costly, things like air freight and expediting and items of that nature. And those items, ultimately will be released, I think to some extent by the capacity coming online in the future. But in the meantime, they're kind of built into the run rate, you can see the margins are even with those inefficiencies are pretty good. And we have really pushed our supply chain hard to serve our customers thus far, and it's been successful as you can see.
Don Allan: Absolutely. I mean we feel even more confident now to kind of confirm what I said in October on the earnings call, that that range does make sense for 2021 between 18% and 20%. And you should see all four quarters in that range. So there shouldn't be a lot of significant variation in that regard. There will be a little bit of investment that we will make. But it's going to be more along the lines of some of the growth initiatives that we started here in 2020 in e-commerce and a few other areas. And so we're going to continue to invest in that space that'll drive additional share gains and more organic growth. So, we feel really positive about how the business positioned itself from a profitability perspective and although the rates are in the back half were over 20%. So we'll see a little bit of a retraction going into next year for the reasons I articulated. I think over the long-term, we feel like it's a business that will continue to progress and improve its profitability over the coming years. It won't just be a one or two-year phenomena.
Don Allan: Yes. I'll start with the raw material part of that question. I mean, we saw these trends kind of emerge in October timeframe, November. And in the categories I mentioned, of steel, resin, electronic components. And so that that is going to continue for a period of time, right now, we have $75 million of an increase in those types of categories in our guidance for 2021. I don't think it's going to radically deviate from that, it could go up a little bit as the year goes on. But we do have to keep in mind the way that we structure our contracts, it usually takes a good six months for that to really impact our P&L, which gives us time to respond with pricing actions, if that makes sense or productivity or whatever the case may be. And then that kind of helps us mitigate that over a longer period of time, maybe over a multi-year period of time, those actions. The margin resiliency program is an annual program that we started about three years ago, which was built on, let's look at the different areas of our company, the functions, the operations teams, how we price our products, et cetera and use technology such as Artificial Intelligence, Advanced Data Analytics, and make better decisions in those particular areas to drive efficiency and effectiveness. And we've seen that over the last few years the ongoing process of the team that's been created and the technology that they use; we have about 100 people that are focused on this full time in the company drives about $100 million to $150 million of annual value. Now we could put that in our P&L and make it part of our guidance. But we think it's more prudent involved for times like this to have it outside the guidance as a contingency. And so when new things come your way that are headwinds, you have an offset. These things are underway, they're in process, and so they're driving value this month in all 12 months out of the year. And so if the headwinds don't come, you get the opportunity to position yourself to outperform. And we think it's a very balanced way to approach guidance in the way to operate in this world, given the level of volatility that we've all seen in the last four years, but in particular, the last 12 months.
Don Allan: Yes, the $75 million is growth inflation, doesn't have any price offset in it. And we'll work through those plans as these emerge and decide, where it makes sense for pricing actions and when, but it is a gross number. And so that means, the annualized number is probably 125 to 150, when you think about it. So -- and that's the right magnitude at this stage for these different areas. The areas that really are being hit hard are steel, resin, electronic components, and then battery cells or base metals, if you want to call it, however you want to call it, but those four categories are things that there's a high demand for right now, as we all know. The question is, how long does that demand last? Is there a parts of the economy that are really going strong, and there's other parts of the economy that are not, that have not recovered as well, and the timing of that recovery is going to depend on how the vaccines roll-out, and how we eventually get the herd immunity, and how quickly that occurs. So, we could be seeing a short-term bubble here that maybe moderates for a period of time, or it could be something that continues to grow modestly over multiple years. So time will tell. But I think we've got that in the right box right now. And it's something we can manage going forward with all the levers that I described. The other two segments for profitability improvement, I could -- I could probably give you all kinds of leverage factors. But I think it might be simpler to just say, if you think about the whole company's operating margin, right, we're trying to improve about 50 basis points year-over-year. Tools is trying to improve roughly the same number, maybe a little bit more and so that means Industrial and Security are going to improve about same number too. So I think you can kind of look at a 50, anywhere from 40 to 50 basis point improvement in all three segments, with the net result for the company about 50 basis points for the full-year.
