John Lundgren: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us, and for those of you who have had a chance to look at our earnings release, it should point out that we remain strongly focused on generating above-market organic growth, meaningful operating leverage, and strong free cash flow conversion. We’ve really got a lot of really good news to report on the quarter, as well as some real excitement looking forward. So I’m going to be very quick through some of the highlights, before turning it over to Jim and Don for more granularity and then of course we’ll get on to the Q&A. Organically, we grew 5% total growth of 2%, the difference being currency. Really robust organic growth in Tools & Storage 8% with significant outperformance in the emerging markets which was nice to see that come back, 9%. Jim will give you a lot more detail on the strong global Tools & Storage performance in just a second. Industrial was down 3%, as we anticipated, and Security was up 1%, as the positive organic growth in Europe continues. It’s a trend that we’ve been very focused on and we’re very pleased to see it carrying on the way it has. Operating margin rate of 13.1% was 20 basis points below last year, the overwhelming majority of that was the impact of $35 million of currency pressure. Security industrial operating margin rates were up 110 basis points and 120 basis points respectively, and Tools & Storage was down slightly in the face of the currency headwinds as most of you are aware the overwhelming majority of our FX does impacts our global Tools & Storage business. That led to diluted earnings per share up 20%, $1.28, up 20% versus prior year, solid operating performance combined with lower share count, lower restructuring costs, which more than offset the currency impact. So on the back of the first quarter performance – outperformancee, we’re raising 2016 outlook for EPS to a range of $6.20 to $6.40, which is up 5% to 8% versus 2015, and up from our $6 to $6.20 range that we most recently provided. Concurrently, we’re reiterating free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of net income. Let’s turn briefly to the sources of the growth, during the first quarter. Volume was up 4%, price was up 1%, leading to the 5% organic growth that I already touched on. Currency was a 3% offset, so a total revenue growth of 2%. This compares to 1% organic growth, and a 5% currency driven revenue decline in the fourth quarter 2015, so very, very strong sequential quarterly trend. Turning to the regions, you can see that all markets contributed. The U.S. was up 6%, Europe up 3%, total emerging market group was up 3%, which of course was led by global Tools & Storage, a very strong performance, and the rest of the world was up 1%. So all in all, a really solid first quarter growth performance with strength across virtually every business and in virtually every region, but let’s let Jim get into some of the details on our three segments, there’s a lot of really good news this morning.
John Lundgren: Okay, Mike, this is John, I’ll start. There was I think more than one question there but we’ll try to do the best we can. Let me comment on two things. And then Don will give you a little bit more granularity. As it relates to our assessment of the segment, nothing’s changed. We love this business, and the fact that it continues to grow and margins continue to improve we’ve said on many occasions our single greatest self-help opportunity in terms of margin improvement and earnings growth is restoring security back to its historical levels. We continue that trend and that’s why Jim, expressed the gratification, or encouragement, that that trend’s continued for six consecutive quarters. As you know, margins in Europe in general are lower than the U.S. but the overwhelming majority of the improvement is coming from Europe, albeit from a low base. So we will not forecast margins by sub-segment because, A, it’s very difficult. And B, there’s not much in it for us if we get it right, and a lot of explaining to do if we don’t. But in terms of the assessment of the category itself, we love the business. We review its status with our board every board meeting. That included yesterday and the day before. A year and a half ago, we said in the second half, some time during the second half of 2016, we would be very public in terms of what our plans were. We’re sticking to that and we’re not going to accelerate it. Beyond that, Don, if you want to add a little granularity, please feel free to do so.
John Lundgren: Yes, Rich, I’ll take the mechanical piece. I guess in – excuse me – and three bytes, margins are good, growth is below what we had expected to be. To a large extent historically that’s been a product issue where we have been behind our own expectations in some of the market. That being said, our sense is it’s going to be offset by two things. One is the leadership in that business, we believe is quite capable. We have a tested and proven individual who actually came from the DEWALT professional industrial channel. Very, very good person to lead, guide the business and focus on growth as opposed to just margins and things of that nature. So we feel good about it in that perspective. And last but absolutely not least, recall we just really completed and embedded the change to third-party or independent distribution model versus the direct model. And Jim has talked about this often on past calls, years ago we thought that was a distinct competitive advantage, and it was for a time. We made the decision, and I think it was the right one, that what we gain – we lost more than we gained. As a result of that it was a two-year process to, if you will, simply convert our distribution model. That’s behind us it’s beginning to gain traction. So right leader in place, growth-focused executive, and the right distribution model in place, product catching up, gives us cautious optimism that we’ll get that growth back in mechanical because it’s a great opportunity for us.
John Lundgren: Yes, sure. This is John. We’re not going to obviously talk specific targets. Never have, never will. And I know you understand and respect that. That being said, I think we’ve been very transparent in terms of where we’re going to grow, where we’re going to acquire. We’re going to continue to consolidate the global Tools & Storage industry, and we really, really like our position and our opportunity to grow our Engineered Fastening business. Having said that, I think importantly our pipeline is quite full and the reason being as you know we’ve been on somewhat of a moratorium, self-imposed for the last 18-plus months. But it doesn’t mean we stop looking at, assessing and in many cases keeping targets warm. So there’s plenty out there in our previously identified areas of strategic focus. In terms of expectations, not a lot has changed. Remember, much of these – many of these are not public companies, number one, but, there are always multiple expectations. But in terms of what’s out there and competition for target, double-edged sword, not too much has changed. Interest rates with obviously very, very low, which would help financial sponsors as they seek to acquire offset by the fact that most financial sponsors and most of the targets that we’re looking at have limited, if any, synergies. So our opportunity to acquire in spaces where we have a great footprint already, arguably the synergies that we could generate would more than offset. I’ll say lack of leverage given our desire insistent tense on maintaining strong tier investment grade rating.
John Lundgren: Yes, I think you almost answered the question, as you asked it. Brands do well online, and with the two different groups or via e-commerce. The Black & Decker brand for DIY users is extremely popular, both DIY Power Tools, outdoor products, et cetera, but a real driver is DEWALT. It’s the brand the pros go to. It’s available, it’s available online, and we’re very thoughtful in terms of the extent to which we promote it, make it available, push it, because prior to the Stanley Black & Decker merger, DEWALT actually, other than via a retailer’s own online opportunity, DEWALT wasn’t offered online. It is now. It’s doing well. But think of our three power brands, Stanley, DEWALT, Black & Decker, their specific end-user groups and to each and every one, they’re all doing encouragingly well. The biggest single dollar percentage, though, would be DEWALT.
Jim Loree: Sure. This is Jim. The breakthrough innovation initiative is something that we started really started getting into in the early part of 2014, and the concept behind it is that we do a pretty good job in what we call core innovation, and we did this in both legacy Black & Decker and legacy Stanley, and those are the kind of things that are driving the, you know, the organic – big driver behind the organic growth today and some of the new product introductions that I alluded to in the core innovation area. But those are more things like, in the hand tools business for instance, we introduced a line of FatMax hammers and pry bars and knives and blades, innovative line in one of our large retailers and another large retailer we introduced DEWALT pry bars and pocket knives. And then in professional power tools, compact generation tools DC brushless, some really interesting innovations in the DEWALT Pneumatics line, a Mac impact wrench but you get the idea here. This is sort of the day-to-day innovation that just goes on as a matter of course, but I would say the level of activity in this area, and the freshness of the company’s product lines has never been greater in our recollection. So that goes on, and that drives the kind of growth, the organic growth, along with the commercial excellence initiatives, that you’ve been witnessing now here along with a little help from the U.S. DIY and construction markets. But you can see the growth all over the world. So in Europe which is relatively anemic in terms of its markets we still are growing an average of about 6% to 7% over 2, 2.5 year period. And so there’s something going on there. And it’s really a combination of the core innovation and the commercial excellence. So what is the breakthrough innovation? The breakthrough innovation is a concept where we actually took people out of the mainstream of the core innovation and set them aside, a small group of people, 10 or 15 people in that range, we just said come up with the next major breakthrough innovation for Power Tools. And we gave them a timeframe and we gave them resources, and support. And lo and behold, in a relatively short period of time, they came up with something very, very interesting. What is that? You’ll have to wait and see what that is, but from a scale point of view, we say with the breakthrough innovation – and this is not the only breakthrough innovation team in the company by the way this was just the first one. We have three more in oil and gas. We have one in hydraulics we have – extending one up in engineered fastening but we tell them that whatever you come up with it has to have a scale of at least $100 million of revenue to be interesting to us. So I can’t really get into how big this one could be because frankly we don’t know but we know it’s going to be at least $100 million over time and it could be far, far greater. So that’s – that’s kind of the background and what you have going on now is the commercialization of that. It will begin shortly and you will see it in stores in a relatively short order.
Jim Loree: Yes, it’s Jim again. I think what’s really going on here is that the Black & Decker and Stanley integration, the merger of the two companies and the successful integration, was a major home run. I think well beyond anybody’s wildest expectations. I think the cost synergies were just the beginning and we – I think we signed up for $350 million six years ago and we cut off the analysis at about $550 million of cost synergies and there was a huge outperformance. But the thing we never really expected was the revenue synergies that we also beat what we expected to accomplish but they just keep on coming and it has to do with the fact that the cultures gelled so well and got so focused on innovation, commercial excellence, all the kinds of things that I was just talking about, and really put all the BS from the typical integration politics, et cetera behind them, and focused on the customer, focused on the markets. And then the scale that we achieved by putting those two companies together and going to market with Power Tools and Hand Tools, and going to market with all these incredibly strong brands that we have, just gave us tremendous flexibility and we just continued to benefit from that as time goes on.
Jim Loree: Mike, and just one other point on the business in general, Jim has talked about it on past calls, but it just shouldn’t go unnoticed. There’s been a lot of organizational changes, where we think – and we’ve been talking about it for a while, but the majority of them have now been in place for about a year, where we think, to use Jim Collins’ often-used term, we think not only we have the right people on the bus, we have them in the right seats on the bus. And it really matters. Everyone knows that, but the fact that we’ve had a stable, capable, tested and proven team, in Europe and in the U.S. supplemented by a couple great new hires in the last six months or so, it’s really, really helped, first of all, stabilize that business, and then ultimately keep both organic growth and margins moving in the direction we want it to.
Jim Loree: And let me just supplement that by saying. So as John described the operational condition of the business is good and getting better and we’re pleased with that. The question that we still have to answer is the one – is the strategic question, and, that we’ll put on hold until we come out in the second half of the year with our Securities portfolio review. So that’s, everything is fair game in security, including mechanical.
Jim Loree: Yes I’ll take it, David. The interest, yes, to quantify it would be very difficult, because it is happening and one of the constraints that we would listen to, some of the homebuilders’ calls as a good example was basically securing enough qualified, capable labor, because so much of it during the financial crisis shifted from construction into energy. As some of that variable labor pool, if I can call it that, shifts back, the answer is absolutely yes. The demand is there, but the qualified capable technically trained or properly trained workers aren’t, it’s going to be a governor on growth. So simply said, yes, it’s having an impact. I think it’s the early stages of that, but that’s clearly helping the North American residential and we think ultimately commercial construction market.
Jim Loree: It’s Jim. I’d also just add that very interestingly a couple years ago we did a complete refresh of the Black & Decker brand, and it had really gotten a little bit stale and it had lost a bit of its identity. And when we did the refresh, we tried to bring a millennial sort of focused element to it, and we added some lifestyle elements related to the millennial population, as well as the ECOSMART aspects, which is the sustainability of some of the products and packaging, and so on. And the Black & Decker brand has really made a lot of progress with the millennial population. It is definitely not your father’s Oldsmobile. It’s gone from sort of the mature demographic to the up and coming, so even though it’s not the dollar leader in terms of what we sell in e-commerce, it is, for the medium to long-term, has tremendous potential as the generational shift continues.
Don Allan: And I would say a current example of those revenue synergies we touch on here and there is what we’ve been doing in emerging markets where we’ve been rolling out the mid price point products in particularly Power Tools that have the Stanley brand on it. So that’s a great example of continued generation of revenue synergies six years after the merger.
Don Allan: Sure. So, when you look at the first quarter performance, Jim mentioned that we are very pleased with the profitability of the segments. And really the improvement that we saw was in all three regions of the world, so the big regions really are North America and Europe where emerging markets is relatively small. And then both – those two large regions we saw really solid improvement year-over-year in the profitability as we continue to execute on the initiatives that we’ve been really discussing almost for two years now of improving field productivity in the electronic security business, in particular in both Europe and in North America. And then in Europe specifically looking at our, SG&A, our selling and general and administrative costs to making sure they’re in line with the revenue of the business as well as the percentage of revenue, we discussed it as a business that probably should be somewhere below 30% of revenue for SG&A and it’s above 30% today so we continue to take actions in those areas to improve the profitability of both businesses, and we’re seeing the benefits of that over the last two or three quarters in particular, as the profitability of the business year-over-year continues to improve. And at this point, based on our guidance for the year, we’re expecting that trend to continue, as we expect modest improvement in profitability of the segment for the full year.
Don Allan: Sure, this is Don. I’ll take that. As I mentioned, we’re very pleased with the start to the year related to working capital. Part of it was due to the fact that we did have a very strong month of March. And so our inventory levels were brought down in line with that performance which was great to see. And we also were very focused on making sure that we collected the cash throughout the quarter so our accounts receivable was down at the right level, as well. So with our company we’re going to have a cash outflow, as I mentioned, in the first quarter every year, because of the way the Tools & Storage business seasonality impacts the company. But yet we really have to try to minimize that to achieve your objectives for the full year, and I think we’ve done this. This is the best performance we’ve had in Q1 in four years, related to Stanley Black & Decker and so as a result I feel very good about our ability to achieve 100% conversion rate, because we started the year in that regard. Now, your question to potentially additional inventory related to the product launch, yes, we will have some additional inventory. However, based on the current sales plans, as the year progresses, we would expect those inventory levels, vast majority of them, to be absorbed and shipped out to many of our major customers and so we don’t expect that to be a challenge for us as the year ends. But it could be a little bit of additional inventory as we go through the second and the third quarter, which we would normally see anyways in our Tools & Storage business. So at this stage we feel good about our ability to hit our objective of 100%, and we’ll continue to look at that to see how we could potentially outperform that as the year goes on.
Don Allan: Yes and then I’ll touch on your question related to currencies. Clearly we always look at opportunities for hedging when we see shifts in currency and we will continue to do that and we’ve done that again this year. Sensitivities give you an indication of if currencies move in certain directions for the remainder of the year, what the impact could be to our operating margin. And we have thought through it, is there a potential for the $140 million to move back towards $180 million? There’s a scenario where that could play out if the Fed starts talking about potential interest rate increases that could actually result in strengthening of the U.S. dollar and a weakening of some of these currencies. However, we also feel like we’ve built contingency plans to address that scenario if that plays out. So we have certain actions that we would take up to $180 million that we believe would be capable of offsetting that, which is why we felt comfortable making this increase to our guidance.
Don Allan: Well I think you might want to think about the first quarter performance and just we’ve mentioned some things about certainly the weather was an additional boost to us in Q1, in particular in North America, as we actually had a mild winter here for the first time in – well a long time for those of us in the northeast. And we benefited a point or two in our Tools & Storage business from that. So if you kind of regulate the growth, saying that’s not going to necessarily repeat itself for the next three quarters, then you’re down to something that’s closer to 6% to 6.5%, roughly. And then we had a fantastic performance in emerging markets in the first quarter, up 9%. We haven’t seen that type of performance in almost 2.5 years. And so we were pleased with that, feel very good about it, but at this stage we’re not necessarily ready to say that’s something that’s going to repeat itself in the next three quarters. We’re clearly focused on trying to maximize that opportunity, but to be able to project that and say for sure that’s going to happen at this stage would probably be a little bit overly optimistic. And those two factors in itself kind of gets you down to a mid single-digit number for the full year, for organic growth.
Don Allan: Sure, well I talked about the five elements of SFS. We’ll start with the core SFS which is basically the continuation of the SFS that we started in 2006 that got us to 9.2 working capital turns last year and got us customer-facing metrics, we’re very, very strong in relation to competition and make most of our customers very happy. So that core SFS is at the heart of all this and that’s much more of an operations related initiative and it continues to become deeply rooted ten years into its existence. And now what we’re doing with core SFS is we are taking it to another level, largely through digitizing the supply chain, as well as implementing the smart factory across the company. That’s kind of in the early stages, but nonetheless, it is under way. So if we were at nine turns at the end of the year, and we typically generate about 4%, 3% to 4%, productivity, well our cost productivity a year in our factories, and we would expect that to continue on the basis of these investments that we’re making in some of the things that I’m talking about, as well as gradually push that working capital turns number up towards ten and maybe even someday north of ten. So that’s the core SFS. Then there are three elements that are far more growth-oriented, those are the digital excellence, commercial excellence and breakthrough innovation. Talked about breakthrough innovation, I think at length and I think that’s pretty clear. The commercial excellence is really taking some of the continuous improvement concepts that are very familiar to people in business and applying them to the customer-facing processes that drive growth. And so becoming world-class in some of these elements, like sales force effectiveness, like promotion planning, like pricing, pricing excellence, and so on and there’s a number of these areas that when we apply continuous improvement principles to them in multiple facets, they just have an ability to generate tactical share gains, and also margin expansion. So that’s the commercial excellence. And then the digital excellence is one we will also see some really interesting things in the marketplace this year in the second half. They probably won’t be dramatic revenue drivers, but will clearly be – ways to kind of enhance the marketing prowess and depth of penetration in our company, and also just contemporize our value propositions, so that we are again leading the marketplace with technology on the digital front, as well as taking digital and permeating it into the organization for purposes of efficiency and effectiveness. So that’s kind of – those are the various elements. The one I didn’t mention is functional transformation and that’s a very extensive initiative led by our Finance and IT leaders, who are actually taking a clean sheet of paper, after having done 100, almost 100 acquisitions in 12 years, taking a clean sheet of paper and redesigning our processes in Finance, IT, HR, Legal, et cetera, to make sure that they are as efficient as possible. We already believe that they’re quite effective, but we also believe there’s a couple points of G&A that could come out due to increased efficiency when you start with a clean sheet of paper. That’s a long-term initiative. We are not going to see a lot of overnight successes there, but it’s one where we’re making some investments and then over the course of a couple years, we’re really going to start to see that SG&A percent come down as a percent of sales and we’re going to take some of the money that comes out of that and reinvest it in some other growth initiatives.
Don Allan: Yes. This is Don. I’ll take your question. Yes, we certainly had a benefit from price in the first quarter, as we communicated early this year back in January. And then we have over the last couple of years as we see these types of movements, we take appropriate price actions where we can to offset that impact at least partially or in some cases close to 100%, and we did do that in the first quarter. And a significant portion of that organic growth we saw was related to price, which is also why, you know, we’re not necessarily thinking this is a business that’s going to grow 9% for the full year, because we are going to see some pricing pressure that I touched on in some of those key markets because of the weakening of the U.S. dollar versus some of those key currencies that just occurred over the last 6 weeks to 8 weeks. So because of that our view is I think prudent, and it’s more reflective of a different pricing market because of the currency shift. You asked about profitability margins in emerging markets for Tools. That’s slightly below line average at this point for our Tools & Storage business, but it’s an area as we continue to ramp up some of the mid-price point initiatives and we continue to grow with the markets and outpace them, most likely 1.5 to 2.5 times GDP growth, that we expect with the leverage opportunity that it will get very close to line average.
Don Allan: Sure. I think as the year progresses, and you’re right about Europe, I would imagine it would continue on this 3% trajectory we’ve been seeing for the rest of the year. I think North America, we will see a positive performance in our mechanical businesses in the low single-digits. And then our convergent business continues to be focused on a lot of different activities. And as a result, I do think that they’re behind the market pace a little bit, but as the year goes on, that will continue to improve, but we’ll probably see a little bit of pressure in the organic growth throughout the year. And then the last thing I’d mention is we will continue to see emerging market pressure within Security for organic growth. We definitely experienced that in Q1 although it’s a small part of the total business, I do think that will be a bit of a pressure point, as well.
