John F. Lundgren: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Just as a top line summary, despite a slow start to the year from a volume perspective, we exited the first quarter '13 with a lot of momentum that, you'll hear later from Don, gave us confidence that we will achieve our fiscal year previous guidance and targets from an income perspective. Revenues increased 3%. And that was largely due to the inclusion of Infastech, which closed in February. That acquisition actually took several months longer to close than normal as we waited for various Asian government approvals, so we didn't get as much benefit in the first quarter as we expected. But the extra time really allowed us to hit the ground running. And that integration is progressing very smoothly and on or ahead of schedule now that we've started. The organic growth initiatives that we've talked about in past quarters, they gained traction at an encouraging rate. But our core business organic growth did decline. Volume was down 1%. It was due primarily to a slow start to the North American outdoor product season, combined with temporary soft markets in Latin America and modest continued contractions in Europe. A bright spot was CDIY operating margin. It expanded 160 basis points despite flat organic growth. And we do remain on track for mid-single-digit organic growth for the fiscal year. And as Kate said, we have Jeff Ansell, our Senior Vice President and Group Executive, responsible for that business, to give you a little more insight on that a little later on in the call. Organic growth in Mechanical Security did -- was offset by some declines in Convergent Security in Europe. And as a consequence, our Security segment profitability was temporarily pressured by installation mix and volume declines, primarily focused in the Nordic region, historically a very strong region for the legacy Niscayah business. And moving on to Niscayah. The 2013 synergy estimate has been increased by $15 million. The total program estimate, we're now taking a second look at it to think that we may even be able to get more, not this year but next year in 2014, as we combine that business with the former Stanley Black & Decker Convergent Security business in Europe. 1Q diluted earnings per share of $1.03 was up 5% versus prior year. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $0.52. And as I suggested and Don will give you more insight, we are reiterating fiscal year organic growth EPS and free cash flow guidance. Let's take a quick look at our organic growth initiatives, which suggest that they're on track to contribute about 1 point, 100 basis points of organic growth for this year. During the first quarter, we invested an incremental $16 million in spending. And a lot of that was in feet on the street, 370 new associates hired with about 2/3 of them, 225, in the emerging markets, where we believe our greatest opportunity for growth is, growth and volume leverage rests. All of the initiatives are tracking to their 3-year goals. And as previously stated, that's $850 million in incremental revenue and $200 million in incremental profit. But let's take a look at some of the markets, drilling down into some of the geographies. We're going to spend less time on geographies in general than we do historically. That is in your appendix or will be in the appendix. But if you see all the emerging markets with the exception of one, a large one, showed very, very strong increases: Russia, plus 19%; China, 13%; Northeast Asia, 13%; Turkey, 12%; Southeast Asia, 7%. Latin America experienced, I'll say, what we believe is a confluence of temporary issues and they're different in each country: Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Colombia. But as a consequence, our largest emerging market group, Latin America, where we have very strong market positions, is actually down 2%, which we think is temporary. So that gave us a combined total of plus 2% in our total emerging market group, which is below where it has been historically and below where we believe it will be as the year progresses and certainly on an ongoing basis. Let me turn it over to Jeff Ansell who, as I said, is the man in charge of our CDIY business. And he's got some fairly exciting opportunities in his business that he's going to give you some more detail on.
John F. Lundgren: Thanks, Don. So just to wrap it up, hopefully it's clear that we remain focused on driving our organic growth initiatives and efficiencies across the company, maximizing the synergies across our lines of business and certainly allocating capital in ways that provide excellent returns for our shareholders. We are reiterating full year organic growth EPS and free cash flow guidance. The organic growth initiatives are gaining traction and are on track to achieve our 3-year targets of approximately $850 million in organic revenue and $200 million in incremental operating profit. CDIY, as Jeff, I think, walked you through very clearly, will grow mid-single-digits organically for the year, fueled by new products, market share gains and a return to growth in our emerging markets. In Security, which has historically been among our higher-margin businesses, we expect profitability will improve throughout the year, as the Niscayah integration synergies and the benefits of a modified field sales model in North America begin to hit the bottom line. And as a consequence, we expect modest year-over-year improvement. So 2013 will be another solid step towards the achievement of our mid-decade vision with 2% to 3% organic growth and 16% to 21% earnings per share expansion. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Kate and Lorraine, and we'll start our Q&A.
John F. Lundgren: Sure. Within Convergent Security, we clearly lost a slight bit of share both in Europe and North America, some of which was programmed. If I start with the U.S., we've got some good installs and, as Jim suggested in his segment overview, some of those larger jobs came at the expense of margin. But even with that, we arguably have, I would say, very, very, very modest share decline in North America as we attempt to upgrade our mix and integrate the Niscayah business. And we remain highly focused on new vertical markets, such as financial services, government, education. If you'll recall, our largest single market right now or vertical market is retail. And of course, that's not a very, very robust market. So globally, we arguably saw some modest share loss, which we believe is temporary. Europe, as I suggested, our business remains very strong. We remain a market leader. We did suffer some share loss, particularly in the Nordic markets in Sweden, a legacy Niscayah stronghold. The rest of the business remains very strong. We remain strong in France. We've lost business in Spain, but we've gained share because we've lost business at a far slower rate than the market. And Jim, you might want to -- if you want to add anything on to that, please feel free to do so.
John F. Lundgren: And Dennis, just retrospectively to touch on your margin question, as I say, we're just never going to do this prospectively. But we did report strong margins on flat volume. And the math would suggest that was due in part to the delayed promotional activity that Jeff talked about but in equal greater proportion to the strong product mix. Outdoor is a terrific business, but it's not among our highest mix businesses. So less outdoor, less promotion, really strong Professional Power Tool performance certainly helped deliver the very solid margins in the first quarter. Hopefully, that'll help you. Prospectively, we're just not going to go there on this call.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, I'll take that. I guess, 3 points. One is we've said the temporary -- the very publicly announced temporary hiatus in our acquisition program allows us to digest several of the recent acquisitions, particularly Niscayah and Infastech, and focus our efforts both in terms of organizational capacity and to a lesser extent, spending on our organic growth initiatives. That's number one. Number two, we hadn't -- we didn't have -- about 3 years ago, we didn't have Black & Decker on our M&A or BD target, but the opportunity to combine 2 phenomenal businesses with even greater synergies presented itself. And as an opportunistic proactive management team, we seized that opportunity. So that's a long way of saying were that to present itself again, it's not saying we won't do it. Tax planning is a tertiary thought as we look at our M&A and business development plan. Specifically, those who have followed us, we have a very careful screening. Strategically, is it 1 of our 4 identified growth platforms? And then financially, does it achieve our hurdles? Last but not least, do we have the organizational capacity to absorb it? All 3 of those things go into our thinking and our planning. And it will continue as this year progresses. We haven't in the past nor will we ever talk about specific targets. But this company -- acquisition, valuation and integration is or is rapidly becoming a recognized core competency in this company. And we've been given a lot of credit for that. We haven't forgotten how to do it. Long term, it will remain part of our strategy. But temporarily, it's on the back burner.
John F. Lundgren: Yes. I think it's fairly simple. I think when you look at the model, Eric, the North American business, we are investing for growth right now. And the European business, we are rightsizing the cost structure to reflect the revenue reality. So that's where you see the cost out, the synergy increases, is all in Europe. And in North America, we're investing significantly in vertical markets, in particular, the vertical market growth strategy. But it's as simple as that. It's a bifurcated approach.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, I think I'll take it. Jim can elaborate if he'd like. I touched on that in my comments, and I'll try to clarify. Two things. Obviously, Niscayah increased synergies in and of themselves will make up mathematically for some of the volume shortfall and some of the margin shortfall. Again the Niscayah synergies get -- they get greater every quarter, the run rate not smaller. Second, Jim alluded to it in his segment discussion. We've modified our, if you will, go-to-market approach via distribution in North America on the mechanical side of the business. And early signs are it's been tremendously successful. And we think that's going to continue. A lot of other moving parts. And as Don talked about the total company, within Security, Brett would talk about a lot of puts and calls that are neutral. But strong Mechanical Security business, as well as Access business getting stronger and continuing to put a lot of points on the board from Niscayah's cost synergies, we do believe will get us back to where we've been. And Eric, you've followed this business a long time, it historically has been a very, very profitable business. And the math with Niscayah was low -- very low single-digit operating margin when we acquired it. It is double-digit operating margin, and it's going to get to fleet average within a year or so, and that's just a really big piece of it.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, certainly. Jeremie, as indicated, the power tool brand usage in our Hand Tool business has really been positive, while the core Stanley business remains very strong globally. The challenge -- and from a share perspective, we believe our share has increased in Hand Tools over the past 3 years. So from a share perspective, quite positive. Introduction of power tool brands, our power tool brands at Hand Tools have been predominantly incremental. The pressure that business has faced in the past quarter and probably past couple of quarters is high exposures -- relatively high exposure to Europe, which is a strong hand tool market for us that really has been pressured in that business like every other. So that really has offset some of the growth we've had from a power tool brand perspective in our Hand Tool business. But we continue to make progress from a share perspective. And we expect, too, that business will grow consistent with the rest of the business as guided already for the remainder of 2013.
John F. Lundgren: Yes. Peter, I'll say for the third time this morning, we're not going to project margins by subsegment of business going forward. It does us no good and we don't -- we're not sure it helps you that much. I understand the desire from a modeling perspective. What we can say, and I think Jim articulated this quite well, we were slow to shift our model because we had something that was working. But it absolutely will be a catalyst for more organic growth in the North American Mechanical Security market. We were missing a lot of opportunity in terms of both specification and with mid-price point products with our purely direct model, which served the high end extremely well and the restocking captive customers extremely well. But it left us a little void in a lot of areas where we felt it was absolutely essential we have greater penetration to grow the market. So at the end of the day, a better mid-price -- a mid-price point product offering, broader distribution will absolutely be a stimulus for organic growth. And we would not do it if we didn't think it was going to be incremental or positive vis-à-vis margins. But we're certainly not going to forecast that for one small segment of one segment of our business.
James M. Loree: Okay. Thank you, Jeff. Exciting story there and all the more exciting because we really didn't even talk about a recovering U.S. housing market, which as we speak, is indisputably taking place. So no reliance on that, but certainly that's going on as well. Let's turn over to Security now. Overall revenues were $599 million versus $592 million a year ago. Organic growth was minus 1%. And despite an OM rate of 10.3% even lower than normal for first quarter, there was some very positive developments in Security during the quarter. Let's start with organic growth, which was very solid in several U.S.-centric businesses, including Electronic Security, which was up 3%; mechanical, which was up 5%; and access doors, which was up 4% organically. Europe, while not surprisingly under some volume pressure, will outperform its 2013 synergy commitment by $15 million, as John mentioned, thus protecting full year operating margin and ensuring that the Niscayah acquisition produces a solid return on investment. Now some of the CSS or Electronic Security volume growth has come at the expense of OM rate in the first quarter. And I believe we're at an inflection point where the exciting new vertical solutions in K-12 education, health care, financial services and retail are ready to be deployed. And with a differentiated value to be sold, we are training and reinforcing a value pricing mindset with the field, which will address this issue, in addition to some other margin improvement actions that the team is taking. So we expect to see flat deposit of organic growth for the year with overall operating margin slightly positive year-over-year and growing growth momentum heading into the second half and 2014. And moving to Industrial. Industrial is also pressured by Europe, especially in Industrial & Automotive Repair. Total revenues were $695 million versus $662 million a year ago. Organic growth was minus 1%. The profit rate was 14.1%. It was pressured by lower volume on the higher-margin European business, cost absorption issues and investment in the organic growth initiatives. Now as we take them business-by-business. Industrial & Automotive Repair organic revenues were down 4%. The U.S. was flat. Europe was down 9%. The good news here is the comps for both Europe and the total business ease as we get into second quarter and beyond, second half of the year as well. In the U.S., a strong Mac Tools performance was offset by weak government business and Industrial MRO business for the Proto business. I'd like to highlight one of our organic growth initiatives, the smart tools and storage, or otherwise known as Advanced Industrial Solutions, was up 5% organically, with CribMaster up double-digits on vending success in MRO. In Engineered Fastening, they were flat organically. The automotive business grew 6%, outpacing a 4% decline in global light vehicle production. The North America auto business was up 7%. Europe was up 2%, as auto-related market share gains offset declines in Industrial and a $5 million shipment timing issue, which was customer-driven, and pushed $5 million of revenue into the second quarter at the expense of first quarter revenue. Japan, with its difficult situation in the auto industry, was down 8% on a 16% light vehicle production decline. And as John mentioned, the Infastech acquisition closed on February 27 and the integration is progressing well. This exciting new addition to the portfolio will add significant growth potential through emerging market and electronics content. And then Infrastructure really was a bright light in the quarter as the offshore pipeline business drove 9% organic growth in CRC, a very positive sign as the U.S. onshore business is gaining cyclical traction and the offshore business continues to grow. So stay tuned for a very strong 2013 for CRC-Evans. Now I'll turn it over to Don Allan, who will take you through the financial aspects of the quarter.
James M. Loree: I think when you look at the competitors and their various reports, there's no indication that anything but share loss and share gain at the margin is going on. There is no sweeping trend here. You have the largest competitor in electronic industry shedding some less profitable business. So their numbers are not terribly strong. You have nothing really meaningful going on underneath the 2 of us, the largest and us being the second-largest, and no real meaningful trends with the other electronic players, although there's some noise coming out of a few of them. But thus far, nothing to get too excited or concerned about. In mechanical, I would say that I think we're gaining share in the U.S., and that's a terrific turn of events there. Very recent turn of events, but that's a new business model that we've taken on, certainly seems to be paying some dividends in the early stages. So that's really positive. And then as John mentioned, the European situation, we do have a strong, strong business there, and we're very pleased with it. We have been shedding some business intentionally there, and the market is not terribly strong either. And I think John covered that very thoroughly.
James M. Loree: And if I could just elaborate as well. We come at M&A more from a strategic point of view than we do trying to fill in some goal that we have for the mid-decade. So we're not out there just willy-nilly shopping around so we can get to $15 billion. What we do believe is that with the capital allocation approach that we have and with the revenue growth objectives that we have, which would be low double-digits total growth and then 4% to 6% organic long-term objectives, that we can get to something along the lines of $15 billion by the middle of the decade using our very publicly stated acquisition strategy, which is to continue to consolidate the tool industry, number one, which means strengthening our CDIY and IAR businesses through investments, and particular -- in this particular market, the accessories is the area that we really are underrepresented in. It's the most profitable area in the power tool business. And it's one where we're constantly looking for opportunities. These would tend to be bolt-ons in this particular space, but we will continue to pursue those. And then the other area that we're focused on is in emerging markets for the tool business because there's plenty of opportunity to continue to complement our organic growth strategy in tools with an acquisitive growth strategy. So protect the core through M&A, protect the tool business. And then we move to the growth platforms. And we have 4 growth platforms. We have Security, Engineered Fastening, Infrastructure and Healthcare. We'll start with Healthcare because we're only $170 million in Healthcare today, and we're not going to go out and buy a multi-hundred million dollar healthcare business that trades at 4, 5x revenue. That's just not what we're going to do. Healthcare, we may do some small technology bolt-ons that could help improve our value proposition, where we bring efficiency and safety and security to hospitals. But the other 3 areas are the ones that you'll likely to see M&A activity in the future. Engineered Fastening, we just completed one, so I wouldn't expect anything too soon there. And then you have Security and you have Infrastructure. Well, as you know, the Security businesses, those folks are busy digesting Niscayah and also getting their organic growth on track. So they probably won't be doing anything significant in the near term. However, as we look further out, I would expect to see some activity in the emerging markets and perhaps some activity targeted at industry verticals, such as retail, financial services, government, et cetera. And then finally, Infrastructure. And we will continue to see plenty of opportunities in Infrastructure, where we can find niche positions that are in secular growing areas that can be defended, that have high margins and high growth associated with them. So we would probably see some activity in that area on a prospective basis. But as we said last July, 12 to 18 months hiatus. Well, we're coming up on July, we've made some good progress, but we will not continue acquisition strategy above and beyond emerging markets until we get to the point where we can say definitively that the organic growth initiatives are working.
James M. Loree: Yes. And I know that when we talk about investments in verticals, it sounds kind of generic and it doesn't really have a lot of life to it. But when you start talking about the individual verticals and what we can bring to the -- what we can and are bringing to the market right now, it's very obvious that we have solutions that are differentiated in a number of these verticals. Just take K-12, for example, where we have the full array of mechanical, electromechanical and electronic solutions to bring to a K-12 scenario. And every school board in the United States is evaluating their security right now. We have deployed an army of people around that opportunity. That will come to fruition at some point in time. We are the best positioned security company in America to deal with that opportunity. In financial services, we have the best iris identification technology in the world, exclusive rights to the best iris identification technology. We're in discussions with major financial institutions about how we help them create branches that are keyless branches using iris identification technology. At some point, that will likely come to fruition. And I could go on and on. In retail, what we're doing in retail, what we're doing with government, what we're doing with the RTLS technology that we acquired from AeroScout. But if you start to really delve into these solutions, our opportunity at this point is to commercialize them. And that's what the Security people are focused on, and that's why we're investing in North American Security. And oh, by the way, once we get these solutions nailed down in North America, the next wave after that is going to be to take them to Europe. So right now, we're getting Europe rightsized, so it's profitable and robust, and we have strong management team in place, which we're well on our way to doing. And then a year or 2 from now, there will be a wave of solutions, these same solutions coming into Europe. And then finally, we're investing in the emerging markets in Security. Our business this year will be about $100 million in Security in the emerging markets. The Tong Lung acquisition, which was quietly done, and the GMP [ph] acquisition, which was done several years ago, have really provided us with outstanding manufacturing and design capability. And we recently completed a series of EN products, which are the European-type standard products that play much more successfully into the emerging markets. Now we have Chinese manufacturing capability. We have Taiwan design capability. And all of that is being assembled for our frontal attack on several of the major emerging markets. So growth in Security is coming and investments are being made. And it's an exciting time, I think, for the Security business. But we're at the threshold of it at this point.
James M. Loree: Yes, it's an interesting time when you look at what's going on in distribution in Mechanical Security because these distributors, as they went through tough times, they sort of doubled down on growth and driving organic growth themselves and really started pushing the envelope up into the electromechanical and even into electronic, in some cases. So our business model plays very, very nicely into that trend. And the second thing I would say is while we were farming our installed base very effectively, the armies of distributors that are out there that are hunting in the commercial construction area are absolutely winning that war. And so therefore, if you don't play in that arena with them, you don't get the opportunity to participate in the commercial construction growth that's ahead of us. And so there's several other reasons for doing what we did, but those are 2 good ones.
James M. Loree: Yes. I mean, that's definitely a thrust of ours. You saw the product, that is going to be the first of...
James M. Loree: Yes. It's called the EL. The EL lock, which will be introduced en masse in May to the marketplace, was kind of spotlighted at the show. And it'll be at a price point that no one else can even get near. And that's with sourced manufacturing to begin with, that can be brought in-house if we so desire at some point. But yes, that's a key part of our strategy. It certainly plays to many of the verticals that we're looking at. It also gives us quite an edge with respect to what I was just talking about with the independent distributors and the fact that they are moving into the electromechanical and electronic realm. And that comes in both a networked and a non-networked version. And we're expecting pretty good big things. I didn't really talk about that as part of the equation for Mechanical Security growth as we go forward, but that's certainly out there as something that can help drive it.
