Donald Allan: Thank you, Pat. As we report another quarter of progress, our consistent execution against our plan is building momentum and energizing our team. As our profitability continues to improve, we are focusing organic growth investments behind our most powerful brands. particularly DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN and Stanley. We believe these investments can enable organic growth to outpace the market by 2 to 3x. Stanley Black & Decker continues to become a more streamlined business built on the strength of our people and culture with an intensified emphasis on our core market leadership positions in Tools & Outdoor and Engineered Fastening.   We are focused on consistent execution, while positioning the company to deliver higher levels of sustainable organic revenue growth, profitability and cash flow to drive strong long-term shareholder returns.  With that, we are now ready for Q&A, Dennis. 
Donald Allan: Thanks, Pat. And so on the portfolio question, as we all know, we've done a fair amount of work of pruning the portfolio of businesses here at Stanley Black & Decker, in particular, the Security segment, which had 2 businesses. And then in Industrial, we've done some things related to not only infrastructure, but oil and gas a little while back as well.  We will continue to evaluate other things to prune going forward based on value creation opportunities. I think we've gotten ourselves down to a place where we have some very high-quality assets in our portfolio. And there's not an urgent need to do anything at this stage.  As we look at the portfolio going forward, there will be more opportunities likely in the next 18 to 24 months to do a little bit more pruning. Some of it could actually be in Tools & Outdoor as we put more and more emphasis on the 3 big brands that Chris has talked about in a couple of different settings over the last 6 months. And we'll look at some of the smaller assets we have and decide whether those make sense for it to be part of the portfolio over the long term. And so we will continue to be active. I think we've demonstrated over the years that pruning the portfolio is something that is important to do. but you need to do it in a way that creates value for your shareholders. 
Donald Allan: Yes. And the question on the portfolio, Nigel, and specifically around industrial. So what we're left with after the sale of Infrastructure is the Engineered Fastening business that we acquired with Black & Decker a few other fastening businesses we acquired since then. And then, of course, CAM, the Aerospace Fastener business is in there as well. When we look at the different portions of that, One, there's pieces that certainly could be evaluated for the word I use pruning in the future in the next 18 to 24 months, and we will continue to look at that. The overall platform of Engineered Fastening is still a very substantial portion of Stanley Black & Decker. It contributes a significant amount to the EBITDA, to the cash flow of the company. And as the Tools & Outdoor portion of the business, the company continues to improve and EBITDA continues to grow as we improve our gross margins back up to 35% or more. As we get back to gaining market share and organic growth in a much more substantial way, it will provide us more flexibility further down the road to decide ultimately what do we do with the entirety of the Engineered Fastening business. But I think if you think about it in chunks of time in the next 18 to 24 months, there's probably opportunity to do a little pruning in industrial. And then beyond 24 months, it's a question of do you do something more substantial from a capital allocation point of view? Time will tell. 
Donald Allan: So I think that we feel well positioned with our outdoor portfolio. And I think, as I've stated previously is what we're really wanting to do is make sure that we're driving the prioritization of our innovation dollars into the categories that we think that we have the biggest opportunity for share gain as well as that are margin accretive. And specifically, we've been really looking at growing our presence in the outdoor handheld electric market. And that's showing great lines of progress. And I would say that we're -- year-to-date, we're feeling good about where we are from a market perspective. And with some of the listings that we've picked up, we feel good about where we are trending from a share perspective as well. As far as bigger ticket versus small ticket, certainly, in today's environment, we've seen that there are some levels of hesitation from the consumer and from any end user in the bigger ticket items. And we'll continue to monitor that. But like I said earlier, we're cautiously optimistic with how the season is starting, and we're going to continue to make sure that we're driving innovation into those areas that we believe are going to be important and accretive for us in the future. 
Donald Allan: Sure. So I'll probably have a little PTSD thinking about tariffs back in 2016. But if we go -- maybe do a little bit of history here. So we experienced about $300 million of tariffs back in that time frame and made substantial production moves in response to that, which mitigated it down probably to about $100 million, maybe a little less than $100 million. And that $100 million or so was offset by price increases in the marketplace. Those tariffs are still in place today and have not changed even in the new administration or Biden administration. As we think about potential changes in the future, that could occur if there's a change in the administration in early '25. The landscape for us has changed. So back in that timeframe, things that came -- that were sold in the U.S. that were made in China was about 40% of the U.S. revenue. Today, it's closer to 20%, 25%. So it's substantially lower.  And as we continue to drive our supply chain transformation, I mentioned on the call last quarter, that we continue to build out what we call centers of excellence for manufacturing that are in different geographies around the world. Some of them will be in Asia, not necessarily in China, but in other parts of Asia. Some are being built or have been built in the Americas and some in Eastern Europe.  And we will continue to build upon that, to try to -- if something changes with tariffs in '25 or beyond, we will be able to mitigate that through supply chain moves or actions. At the same time, we likely -- if that occurs, we'd likely have to do some surgical price actions as well as another lever to address. So we continue to build on the plans of what we could do or would do as we head into '25. We've started that planning about 3 months ago, and we will continue to work on that. The good news is it's really embedded more into the supply chain transformation program than it is some separate activity that we're looking at. 
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. Julian, I'll try to unpack all of those, see if I can remember them. I think you starting with sales. I think sales will be flat to slightly down fractionally down. I don't think there'll be -- the first quarter was down about one point, it probably won't be that steep.   And your OM margin of 9-ish percent, you're in the ZIP code. I think the first half of the year seems to be playing out in a manner that's consistent broadly with the consensus from our original guide. And so I think that's all in the ZIP code. In terms of cash, yes, I think cash will be up -- flat to slightly up for the quarter. What I'd remind everybody about cash is this year, our cash output is going to be driven differently than last year. Last year, we took out $1 billion plus of inventory, and that was a massive driver of '23 cash flow. We'll still be using inventory to drive cash flow this year, but it will be more like $400 million to $500 million. And then income expansion through margin expansion will drive the balance. And so we'll have the producers of cash this year be roughly the same order of magnitude, but disproportionately driven by operating profits this year. And so obviously, those operating profits are going to flow the way the quarterly revenue and the margin expansion flows.  And so I think that's what's being observed here in the first quarter is we had a really nice organic cash flow in the first quarter, but we had, as expected, less inventory reduction, and that's the net delta year-over-year in the first quarter, but I think it will be more like flat to slightly up when we get the second quarter versus last year. In terms of Outdoor, as Chris mentioned in his comments, we've seen a more traditional timing and order of magnitude start to the outdoor season, which is certainly welcome, and hope carries throughout, but it's early in the season, and we'll see where that plays out through the balance of the season, but coming off of two pretty tough seasons, we would welcome that. And so obviously, if that continued, that would put Outdoor on a growth trajectory. 
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. I mean I think in terms of SG&A for the year, Tim, I think it's 21% in kind of the middle fractions, 21.5-ish plus or minus 20 basis points is kind of where SG&A is for the year. And as our opening comments mentioned, that's about $100 million of incremental investment. I'd say $60 million to $70 million of that in the Tools & Outdoor business. And as Chris mentioned, A lot of that is on innovation. And therefore, a healthy portion of that goes to DEWALT. And a lot of it is on field activation and so again, because DEWALT is the biggest brand out in the field, a lot of that ends up going to DEWALT. 
Patrick Hallinan: Jeff, the after-tax proceeds on the infrastructure deal, I'd say the pretax are in the our 730-ish range. 730, 729 a fraction. And the tax impact to that will be de minimis, probably in the 10% or less range when is all said and done. And that all went down to pay the commercial paper balance down. And that all happened in the front of the second quarter. Therefore, it's in the second quarter financials that you'll see 90 days down the road. In terms of other cash outflows, that is driven by, let's say, 2 things predominantly. There's many things in that bucket. One is a return to normal MICP or annual compensation, variable compensation payments, which go out in the first quarter. You can imagine 2022 was very, very low by traditional standards. And so the payout for '22 that happened in '23 was very low by traditional standards. And the payout that happened in the first quarter of this year for '23 was kind of back to normal standards and then cash taxes. Those are the 2 big drivers of that outflow in the other bucket. 
Patrick Hallinan: Mike, this is Pat. I'll take your kind of balance of the year revenue flows and SG&A, and then I'll let Chris expand on a few things. I think as you think of year-over-year revenue for the balance of the year, I think any given quarter is going to be in that down 50 to down 200 basis points across the quarter, probably averaging down 1-ish for the year, if I had to kind of point you in a direction for the balance of the year. And any one of those quarters, the difference probably more to do with year-over-year comps and promotional activity or currency then some really noteworthy demand dynamic that we're expecting to change from one quarter to the next. I'd say in terms of the SG&A at kind of 21.5-ish percent, I think that's likely where we are in a year like this where we're being thoughtful to manage expenses across our enterprise, while preserving growth investments to still deliver profit and cash on our transformation journey. And I certainly think, as you look longer term, that could be a sustainable percentage as well.  We have talked about in a number of forms over the last year or 2 that once we start seeing the market growth and we're a bit farther down the AGM journey, we may choose for a period of time to take that percentage to 22% or potentially even a little above 22% for a while as we invest for growth on the backs of a little more gross margin and macro demand. We're not quite there yet. So I think kind of managing in that 21% and a fraction range for this year and for the long term is probably a decent modeling assumption. But like we've said, we may choose at periods of time to go to 22% plus when we feel that there's good returns for those growth investments. 
Patrick Hallinan: Nigel, this is Pat. I'll take the infrastructure and then pass it back to Don on portfolio. The infrastructure sale in April was always in our guide. And so our original guide and our current guide account for a very early April sale of infrastructure, which we always assumed was going to be in our Q1 results as a continuing operation and then out of our results effectively from April 2 or thereabouts on. And so there's nothing to adjust in the guide. The guide is the guide. And the -- we planned our cost structure this year to deal with the fact that there would be fixed cost in the Industrial business that had previously been supporting that business. And the Industrial team has been doing a great job, both gaining share in the remaining businesses they have, especially in auto and aero and managing their cost structure proactively to deliver roughly flat margins on the year, maybe slight improvement even though they had a sizable business to part this year. 
Patrick Hallinan: Yes. I'd say on the volume, this year is certainly still going to be down substantially versus 2019 even if the shape of the trend line starts and starts to look more like a normal trend line. The absolute volume in dollars will be down substantially from 2019. And I would still say that most likely next year would be below 2019 as well, but starting to recover. And to Don's comment the big headwind in this business has been the volume retrenching more than we would have anticipated a year or 2 ago. And so a lot of our actions are both around the fixed cost base and then what we can do with product cost structure to drive profit improvement in that business. 
Christopher Nelson: Yes. So if I take a step back and talk a little bit about where we see the markets from a macro perspective for the year. I think that what we're talking about is within it's a very tight range, up a point, down a point, and we're kind of thinking that we're trending towards. And there are specific areas that remain tepid, specifically, if we think about we've talked about the challenges in the outdoor market. We're encouraged by what we're seeing early. But we haven't hit the season yet for really any of our businesses. And specifically in outdoor. And then as is widely understood, the DIY and in some areas, general construction remains a little bit muted as well. That being said, we do see some bright spots as we look at the professional markets and as the earlier conversation, as we hone in on where we're going to really look for driving share and investments, a lot of our opportunities are there. So we remain optimistic there. I would just say, although there are certainly scenarios that you could see some level of back half acceleration, we think it's prudent to be looking at the outlook that we discussed earlier. Because really, if you think about it, a lot of our businesses are fairly interest-rate-sensitive and with the current environment and how we're thinking about what we see for residential, construction as well as renovation there certainly will be an unlock coming. I think it's just a matter of timing. And we think it's prudent to be looking at more of that flattish revenue environment for those reasons. 
Christopher Nelson: So POS was, I'd say, in Q1, it was negative, but in line with our plan or largely in line with our plan. And we remain fairly confident in supporting the outlook that we have for the balance of the year.  As noted, we have seen some progress and pick up with a little bit earlier start to the season from the outdoor perspective that as of late has given a little bit more strength to POS and what we're trying to see now is how much of that carries through and how that continues to ramp up as we get further into the season. But the highlight would be that we're fairly in line with projections from what we're seeing with POS, and we're encouraged with the areas of progress we're seeing from some nice movement on growth with some of our key brands. 
Christopher Nelson: Yes. This is Chris. So Nicole, I'd say overall, what we're looking at for the year is price/cost neutral. And if we look at all the -- we try to sum up all the basket of goods and input costs we have, I'd say that we're -- we're looking at what would be a mildly inflationary environment, but we're going to be price/cost neutral in that environment.  And as I take a little bit of a broader lens on that from a price cost perspective. I think it's important to remember that we had a pretty unique set of circumstances in 2022, where we were really hitting the peak of some historically high inflationary environments as -- and those input costs were going up significantly as our volume was peaking and starting to retrench. So if I take a broader look and a longer duration, we've still kind of only recouped 85-ish percent of that overall cost that we've absorbed. So we're certainly working on making sure that we can improve our pricing processes to be more quickly reactive to inflationary environments as well as more importantly, driving innovation so that we can be putting products in there that earn because of their differentiation accretive margin rates. And then as I think about the competitive environment that we're seeing, thus far, we're seeing a stable environment. We're continuing to look at getting back to, and are more back to historical promotional levels, but that's healthy. And we're looking at those promotions in some important categories to us.  And specifically, we've talked about the importance of being able to be promoting our cordless DEWALT products. So we feel comfortable where we are, and we think that the environment remains stable. 
Christopher Nelson: So I'll start with the second question, first. As far as our inventories in the retail channel, we're at -- essentially at historical levels, if not in some areas, a little bit below. So we're seeing a pretty good direct read on the correlation between what we see in POS and what we see going in from sales. And I think that's a good position to be in. And we're like we said, we're on relatively on plan for what we're seeing from POS.  As far as Hand Tools, I would say that there's nothing that's a tremendous outlier there. I would say that there are some parts that are in the Hand Tools and Storage business that are, to the earlier comments, some larger ticket buys.  And those have been more sensitive in the short term to some of kind of the consumer environment. But overall, we feel good about where that business is tracking. Good about the POS as well, and as well the inventory levels are similar to what we've seen across the business. 
