James Loree: Okay. Thanks, Don. So, to recap, the second quarter built upon the strong start to 2017. We continued to deliver above-market organic growth and robust operating performance. And as a result of the continued momentum, we increased the EPS guidance and continue to be excited about the opportunities to deliver value from the recent acquisitions, which are on track. And as we move into the second half now, our deep and agile leadership team is leveraging SFS 2.0 to deliver organic growth with operating leverage, continuing to integrate the Lennox, Irwin and Craftsman brands into our portfolio and generating that strong free cash flow. And we're encouraged by the results through the first half and we're encouraged by our ability to raise the outlook for the full year. We're also vigilant in the pursuit of our three overarching themes, to become known as one of the world's leading innovators, to deliver top quartile financial performance, and to elevate our commitment to corporate social responsibility, all of which supports the company in achieving our 2022 vision. Thank you. And we're now ready for Q&A.
James Loree: Sure. So, as I mentioned in my comments, we see a path now for FlexVolt to be approaching $300 million before cannibalization. And cannibalization impact will bring the number down closer to $200 million net overall for Stanley Black & Decker. What we're seeing is that, as we've been communicating probably now for three to four months, is that we started seeing cannibalization in the spring, early springtime related to certain products that we were replacing on the corded side with FlexVolt technology. So, we still offer those particular products. However, when someone goes in to make a decision about 120 volt product or a 60 volt product, that is now something that can get through FlexVolt, they have a choice to make between the FlexVolt technology or the corded DᴇWALT technology. And so, as we anticipated, we expect to have a little bit of cannibalization and that's what we're experiencing. And we hope, as we end the year, maybe the cannibalization won't be as large as what we projected, but right now that’s kind of what we feel the trend will be at this stage.
James Loree: This is Jim. I'd also like to say that – congratulations to the operations team in Tools & Storage. They’ve done a fabulous job with productivity. We had a series of years where we had design-to-value initiative going, which is now pretty mature. But at this point we're starting to get in pretty significantly into industry 4.0. And that basically involves creating smart factories and then embellishing them with robotics and 3D printing and these types of things. We're far from the robotics and 3D printing phase of it, but we're definitely making a lot of progress in making the factories more data-driven, more real-time in their execution. And what we're seeing is that we're getting above average, above historical average productivity out of this and we expect to continue that as we go forward. So, that's really helping boost the margins as well.
James Loree: That’s a really important point, Don, because that's philosophically what we're trying to do, is that we're trying to achieve top quartile organic growth and fueling that with investments and at the same time driving margin expansion. And that's not easy to do, as Don points out, but that is really philosophically what we're trying to do.
James Loree: There's a lot of really good things going on relative to Craftsman. I don't want to get into too much detail because it is a competitive situation, but I will tell you that we are working on designing a complete comprehensive product line that spans all categories that it will be a high-quality product line that is high quality, high-value for the customer and will take some of the best attributes of our high-value products from across all our brands and incorporate them into the designs. The channel discussions, the customer discussions are going very well. The interest level is very high. We haven't really changed too much in terms of our strategy. There will be some decisions made in terms of how we expect to go to market from a channel perspective in the late third quarter, early fourth quarter. And then it will be all systems full speed ahead for a mid-2018 launch.
James Loree: We haven’t changed our outlook for FlexVolt pretty much all year. We've been consistent with that, $300 million minus the $100 million for cannibalization. And feel good about that. We have a whole family of new SKUs coming out here in the next couple of months that’s going to support continued growth in FlexVolt against comps that begin to get tough as we start to get into the September, October, November, December time frame. So – and Don, I think, hit the cannibalization subject pretty hard earlier. So, I think FlexVolt is a good story. It's going to be really good. And it's going to be supportive of the $300 million number growth. And we'll see what happens when the new SKUs come out. If they're really successful, that will be – it will be great. And then we have the fact that we have no answer yet in the marketplace to FlexVolt and we're almost a year in now. So, this is about building an install base. A battery system is about an install base. And getting that install base built means that it creates the foundation for future growth and future expansion. And if you recall, the whole concept of FlexVolt is eliminate cords from the job site. And the more speeders [ph] we can come out with over time where people use that battery system will be a definite competitive advantage here as we go forward. So, we're very excited about FlexVolt. We're thankful that the innovation was protected well enough, so that it could not be leapfrogged in short order. And I think it would be foolish to think that, sooner or later, a competitor or competitors won't come out with an answer of some sort, but the answer we've seen so far, which is 9 amp hour, 18 volt clearly has not been the answer to FlexVolt. Going to the – how much did the 1 point of negative price drive volume in tools? I think the volume has been pretty steady in kind of that 5% to 7% range all year. And frankly, for quite some time. And I think it's probably safe to say that maybe we got a point out of it or something like that at most. And so, the conclusion we've drawn is that the business runs nicely at a 5% to 7% kind of threshold or range of growth. And when we start pushing it up into the 8% to 9% range in total, it starts to put strain on the factories and the supply chain and freight and cost and things like that. So, we're probably better off running it in the 5% to 7% range to the extent we are able to do that without any significant pricing kind of promotion in that regard. So, I think that's pretty much about what we can say about the experiment. We're excited about the third quarter promotional calendar, which is something that we normally do in the second quarter. So, stay tuned.
James Loree: First of all, let there be no confusion that the sell-through on FlexVolt is excellent. And really, it's not about growing inventory in the channel. The early first month or two obviously was sell-in as a result of a startup of an initiative. But the sell-through has been excellent and continues to be very strong. So, let me just put that one to bed. I think the one point that you really – you hit it on the head with FlexVolt is this is about share of wallet when it comes to cannibalization. And you have two wallets. You have the end users' wallet and you have the channel wallet. And that’s what makes it so difficult to really predict what the cannibalization will be because, at the end, there's only a finite demand for power tools and there are competitive power tools out there and then there are power tools and there's FlexVolt. And we can't really analyze at this stage and may never be able to fully analyze what the impact is on cannibalization because of those various share of wallet items. And I think that you hit on the head was FlexVolt is more expensive. So, to the extent that people are buying more units of FlexVolt, they are more challenged to buy 20 volt or 18 volt type products in the marketplace. So, I don't think there's any clear or easy answers to the question, but what we're to monitor this is we're actually looking at point-of-sale in the non-FlexVolt areas, corded and cordless. And we haven't seen any dramatic decreases at this point in time, but I think we do see some decreases at the margin, and that’s all we can really quantify. So, we'll keep an eye on it. We'll report back as we learn more and more, we do more analysis over time. But it's going to take several quarters before we can really pin down exactly what the impact is.
James Loree: First of all, I would say that Craftsman brought many positive elements to the table. One of them is that it's complementary to exactly what you're talking about because prior to Craftsman we did not have a large gas engine or small gas engine lawn equipment power initiative. We did have the string trimmers and those types of things, but they were electric. So, this gets us into gas. And we're learning a lot about lawn and garden, as we speak, and we are experimenting with the application of DC brushless electric motor technology to lawn equipment. And we do think that there is a big future. But there are some technological breakthroughs that will have to occur relative to the cost of doing that. And so, there's a lot of work going on there. And the answer to the question, are we too busy with Craftsman? Actually, this is part of our busyness with Craftsman.
James Loree: I’ll take part two. Don can figure out a little bit more about part one and probably ask one clarification on that. But let me cover part two. So, we as the largest tool company in the world, and as Don mentioned earlier, have taken a pretty aggressive stance in terms of making sure that we participate in the e-commerce opportunity and I’ll call it a transformation. And, of course, e-commerce has its limitations. However, we would be foolish to think that it's not going to be a substantial part of the market in the years to come. It already is a substantial part of the market. And as was mentioned earlier, we, back in 2010, elected to enter the e-commerce market in the US and we did it not only with traditional e-commerce players or player, but also with our traditional customers, especially the home centers. And the traditional home centers are forces to be contended with as it relates to e-commerce. My guess – I would never ever comment upon the health or survival of our large customers, but I would say that both home centers embrace e-commerce. And I think they have certain advantages and certain advantages relative to the pure e-commerce players. And therefore, without getting too much into those, but you think about omni-channel and the advantages that brings, and you look at the recent purchase of Whole Foods, and you scratch your head and say why did that happen, I think if you start to envision how omni-channel could play an important role in e-commerce. You could see an unfolding scenario that says there can be successful pure players and successful omni-channel players. And maybe it all gravitates towards omni-channel at some point. So, I think there probably are going to be lots of changes as time goes on. We are really well-positioned, largest e-commerce player in the tool industry by an order of magnitude, probably as much as an order of magnitude. And have developed skills and capabilities that we share readily with all our customers that are interested and now, as Don mentioned earlier, also internationally into the developing countries in Europe and the other developed countries in the world and the developing countries. And I think in the developing countries, what's interesting about e-commerce is that it will enable us in certain areas, such as China, where we don't have number one market share to take a fresh look at how does one go to market in that type of – with that type of an opportunity to leapfrog maybe traditional distribution channels. So, very, very interesting space. We've done a lot of analysis and review of e-commerce in the last year or so. We're very comfortable with our strategy there. And we look forward to that being a major growth driver for us as we go forward across our customer base.
James Loree: Yeah. On Mac Tools, this has been an ongoing, multi-year, steady execution, improvement. We have a difficult relative market share position. So, it makes it that much more challenging. But we've added trucks. Our sales per truck, every year there, they're are improving dramatically. And it's just a kind of a more slugfest over time. A steady slugfest. And even with all that, we're getting kind of mid-single digit growth. We had a pretty good quarter this quarter, a little better than usual. But it's basically three yards and a cloud of dust in Mac Tools. That’s the way that businesses is for us. We love it, but it's not going to be an 80-yard wide receiver touchdown in one quarter. So – and with that, I’ll have to – Don, you can tackle the first part.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yeah, I wouldn’t dramatically add anything to what Jim just said about price. I think that was right on the mark. But I will reinforce that this is probably – if not the second or third highest profitability quarter tools has ever had – I think it’s the second highest they have experienced after last year's second quarter of 18.8. And so – and we just have to keep that in mind and recognize that we're also experiencing some commodity inflation pressure as well, and yet we're still able to achieve that level of profitability. [Indiscernible] and that we don't turn it into something any more significant than what it is, which is relatively insignificant. I do want to make a comment – I didn’t answer Nigel's second question about the profitability related to the shift of cannibalization in FlexVolt. And really, it's not much of a significant impact. It's a little bit of a negative initially here. As we have said before, the FlexVolt margins are a little bit lower than line average throughout this year. We expect as we go into next year for that dynamic to change as we've increased the volume and we also will likely have lower promotional activity as well. But the impact overall is relatively minor and you can see that in the overall operating profit rate of 18%.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yes. As it relates to Security initially, no major changes to our thought process around investments. As we said at the beginning of the year, we're investing a little bit of funds within our Security business to develop a more consistent organic growth profile over the long-term. And we think we are starting to feel a bit of the benefits of that as we saw a quarter with 2% organic growth here within the second quarter, but there's more work to be done in that regard. So, no major shift. I would say there was certainly a little bit of mix pressure this quarter that maybe had a tenths or two-tenths of pressure on the profitability in the segment as we saw a little bit higher mix of installation revenue in the United States and then the country mix over in Europe also was a little bit of a negative, but nothing major. So, I wouldn't say there was anything really underneath that was kind of causing a major shift that's something that’s permanent or ongoing. It's just more of a unique second-quarter type of situation. As it relates to Industrial and electronics, that business for us has gotten down to a relatively small number here in 2017. So, in the second quarter, it was about $6 million of revenue. It's a very small component of that business at this stage for that particular customer. We don’t expect to participate in a significant way in the launches in the back half. We have a minor role with that customer on an ongoing basis and we actually like that position, given the volatility and the profitability of the business.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Sure. So, I mean, I think on the growth investment side for Tools, that's not a simple number to quantify because there's a lot of different investments across the tools business that are made to stimulate growth in the core business, to stimulate FlexVolt. So, it's difficult to really say how much new growth investments are. And what I would say is that there continues to be areas that we want to pursue, to make investments for future growth and to experience the type of growth that we've had in this business at high-single-digits – anywhere from mid to high-single-digit organic growth on a consistent basis, we have to be making some investments along the way to ensure that that type of trend continues, at least in the midterm. And that's really what you're seeing in the business.  Now, that being said, to all the points we made earlier, the profitability of the business continues to improve. And so, we would expect that when we look at the year-over-year performance of tools here in 2017 versus 2016, we will probably see 40 to 50 basis points of improvement in the margin rate year-over-year, while we're making investments, while we're making other decisions because of some of the things Jim mentioned around productivity, because of other cost management in different areas outside of growth investments, all those different things allow us to manage the business in a certain way and get to a certain result.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yes. The other question was related to change in the organic growth guidance assumption. Yes, we have tweaked our – as I mentioned in my comments in the call, we have tweaked our assumption for Tools & Storage up a little bit versus what we said in April. And the same thing would be for Industrial. Now, Industrial's reason is more because we saw a stronger performance in the second quarter than we were thinking in April. Tools is more of a continued trend of modest outperformance in their organic growth versus expectations and then slightly – certainly, as we get to July every year for our tools business, we get a really nice view of the back half of promotional activities, the beginning of the holiday season, and so that gives us something that we can get a better sense of what we think organic growth will look like. So, based on those various factors is why we tweak those numbers up.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Sure. I will take that. Yes, so we started the year with an estimate of around $100 million in total for those two items as a headwind. And at that time, it was about 50-50. So, 50% for FX and 50% for commodity inflation. Back in April, it had shifted more to 60%/40%, 60% being commodity and 40% being the FX.  In the second quarter, that shift continued, where now we think based on current rates, we're probably around $25 million of that $100 million is currency. And the remaining $75 million is commodity inflation. And so, we've seen a continued trend of commodity inflation creeping up through the first six months of the year. We feel like, at this stage, for the remainder of the year, we have our arms around that with various contractual situations with key suppliers that we think we can manage that through the remainder of the year within a relatively small number. So, we don't expect that trend to continue. And if FX continues to go in the direction it has been, there might be a potential for that $100 million to be a little bit smaller by the end of the year, but we'll see how things progress at this stage. So, that gives you a little bit of the evolution and the history and where we are today.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yes. So, certainly, the comps are getting tougher as we get into the back half of the year. So, we've got to keep that in mind. But based on our current outlook, you're probably looking at a second half that’s going to be around 6% organic growth for Tools & Storage. And so, it's kind of right in the middle of that – Jim just described, the sweet spot of the business currently today. Runs very well in that range of 5% to 7%. It might have a slight slam to 7%. We'll see how the year ends up, but it's kind of in that range of 6%, maybe up to 7%.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yeah. So, the first question you had I think was around – Jim made a comment in his opening remarks about Newell and moving certain inventory from one DC to another, and that was really just part of the integration plan. There was no load into a customer. You might have misinterpreted those comments. It was really moving from one of our DCs to another to improve the service fill rate levels because when we initially acquired Newell, fill rates were much lower than what we would want them to be. And so, we've been aggressively – the Tools & Storage team has been aggressively working on this since the first day of acquisition and has made significant progress in that regard. But there hasn’t been any load in or anything into our customers related to new products. It's simply part of the integration, something that we had on the plan before the closing occurred. If that doesn't answer your question, feel free to call Dennis and Greg and they can clarify anything else you had.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yes. So, I'll take that one initially and Jim can add new color on the first part of your question. Right now, we actually feel pretty good about the country makeup of the Security business. We don't see any countries that are major concerns for growth and profitability. We do watch that on an ongoing basis and evaluate it every year as part of our strategic update planning process. There are a few small countries in Europe that over time we have to decide, can we build a level of substance in infrastructure within those country that make them a player, whether either number one or number two in the marketplace, because we have a few smaller ones right now that are not in that position. If that didn’t play out the way we wanted to, then that could be something we evaluate in the future. The second part of your question, yeah, we occasionally do these opportunistic RMR acquisitions in our security – electronic security business where we see them as nice additions to the portfolio, that integrate right into our infrastructure, and we will continue to look for those at the right price and the right financial returns.
Donald Allan, Jr.: Yeah. So, Security Europe, specifically around organic growth, we had said for Security in general, and it applies to Europe, is that we believe it's a business that right now based on its current makeup, it can grow organically 2% to 3% on a consistent basis. And Europe had demonstrated that type of trend up until this year, where they’ve seen a little bit of pressure in France, which is one of their larger markets that we think is just more market related and one time in history in the sense of – it's just really impacting this year. But we still think that’s the right growth prospects for the business both in Europe and globally. But more importantly, as you’ve heard at our investor day back in May, we have to continue to work on the next evolution of Security, which is getting into other areas that are very unique solutions that specialize touch to a customer at higher value and ultimately add to more positive mix to this business over the journey of the next three to five years plus. And so, we need to do both of those things. But I think that’s the type of thing that maybe could move the business beyond 2% to 3% organic growth. But right now, that roadmap is not completely defined, but certainly well underway.
