Donald Allan: Yes, Jason, first of all, the point of -- what type of actions or this associated with, really what it is, is it's a continued evaluation of our organization structures and looking at combining different pieces of the organization, flattening out pieces of the organization, looking at our supply chain, as well in the indirect and direct ratios of their manufacturing plants. In essence really tightening the belt a little further into our organization to drive out more cost and be more efficient. Anytime you take on a merger of this magnitude, you're going to have inefficiencies as you put 2 companies together. We've done a lot of great things with the integration and had significant cost synergies associated with it. But this is an opportunity for us to really, as I said, tighten the belt a little further. As far as the actual cost associated, is included in the $240 million estimate and it's approximately $55 million associated with $150 million of cost actions.
Donald Allan: It's not going to be much higher than that, it might be $125 million to $130 million, because we're -- we've either taken some of these actions already, or they will be implemented by early to mid-next week. So the vast majority of them will be completed within the first 30 days of the year.
Donald Allan: Michael, this is Don. It's approximately 75% associated with headcount. So it's people-related costs, and then the other 25% is what we call discretionary cost and just hunkering down on T&E and other types of cost, consulting fees, et cetera and those particular, that's really the split. As far as how much is associated with synergies, probably not a lot. I mean, it might be maybe 10% of it or something like that when we look at it, but it's not significant.
Donald Allan: I would say that if you look at the 2 pieces, FX and inflation. If you start with FX, clearly, there's you have the CDIY business and Industrial business they're both very global, and so if you just look at the makeup of revenue, you're going to get a sense of the FX impact for those different businesses. So roughly 30% or so of the business is international. On the Security side, it's probably not a dramatically different ratio at this stage, given the inclusion of Niscayah. So I think if you look at that revenue mix, it will give you a sense of where -- of how things will go. And so, if each one of them is roughly 30% of the makeup then it's probably 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 impact roughly. Then you've got to look at the magnitude as well.
Donald Allan: Yes, and so if your question was more around the split between FX and inflation, as I mentioned, 2/3 of that $0.70 is FX, and 1/3 is inflation. I thought you were going more down the path of give me a little sense by segment of those pieces. On the inflation side, the vast majority of our inflation frankly is in our CDIY and Industrial businesses, and the remainder of it would be in our Security businesses.
Donald Allan: Dan, it's Don. I think if you think about the cost actions that we're executing on, and roughly a third or so of those are associated with Europe. Those cost actions are in response to clearly volume and FX pressures. I don't think that you're going to see a dramatic decline in rate. I think we'll be able to maintain our margin rates in Europe as a result of the cost actions. That's one of the main reasons we're taking the actions, to ensure that we maintain them. And then when you look at the cost synergies associated with Black & Decker and the synergies associated with Niscayah, obviously those are accretive to the rate. So when you factor in all these different things, you're likely to see actually margin rates in Europe improving in 2012 even though you have a little bit of volume pressure.
Donald Allan: Yes, one of the, I guess, if there's a significant positive associated with cutting costs, one of the positives if the top line performance is not what we anticipated, and it's better. The reality is, is we're taking cost out of developed countries that are more infrastructure and organizational related. That, frankly, you're not likely having a need to add that back, if you grow 5% in Europe versus being down 3%, you're not going to need to add back this cost that we're taking out because it's more structural in nature and organization based.
Donald Allan: Sure. Jim did mention in his presentation that Niscayah, the assumptions of $0.20 EPS accretion does have a 7.5% volume decline built into those. That was part of the model that we created initially related to this transaction. And he indicated that, we could absorb as much as a 10% volume decline and still achieve that $0.20 EPS. So that's just to clear about that point. And also indicated that we saw about a 4% decline in the fourth quarter. So we're not really trending to that number, but we do have it built into our assumptions, that it could get worse as we do make business model changes, in particular associated with profitability, a third installation revenue project and making sure that it's more aligned with the Stanley Legacy Security business. As far as the first quarter, we don't tend to give a lot of information about first quarter, Steve. So I'll just kind of leave it at that.
Donald Allan: Peter, you're right about the 15%. I mean, clearly the cost actions above and beyond the synergies adds almost 1.5 to our operating margin rates from 2011 levels. There are negatives against that as I walk-through, but for us to achieve that range at these volume numbers, you are looking at that level of operating margin rate. To your second part of your question around if we performed higher volume levels, I mean we typically indicated that our leverage affect or contribution margin is somewhere, for Legacy Stanley, around 40%, for Black & Decker it was in the low 30s. I think for the new company, it's probably somewhere between 36% and 38%, and that's probably the best way for you to look at it.
James M. Loree: Nicole, this is Jim. Yes, there are absolutely no cuts in the new product and innovation area. This company thrives on its new products and its innovation, and that is definitely something that is absolutely excluded from these cost cuts. You said we've been cutting cost for 2 years, we've been cutting cost for 12 years. And I think we're fairly experienced at it at this point in time. And as Don mentioned, when you take on, you put 2 organizations together, 2 $4 billion companies, and you plan an integration in the first 90 days of your time together and you come up with the synergies that we came up with and then outperformed even beyond that. You learn a lot after 2 years, of being together, almost 2 years of being together. And I think we're taking that knowledge that we've gained and we're really focusing the cost cuts on efficiency and effectiveness of organization. If you look at our track record over the years, when we make cuts like this, normally it's improved the effectiveness of the organization, and that's what we expect in this case as well. This has nothing to do with new product innovation. Has very little to do with go-to-market strategies or resource levels, and it has everything to do with efficiency and effectiveness.
James M. Loree: And also, it would be remiss if we didn't mention that if you look at historical gross margin and operating margin percents for Construction and DIY, and if you disaggregate them and look even before these 2 companies came together, you would find the same exact pattern in both company -- in both companies, which is the first quarter generally is right about the same as the fourth quarter or slightly higher. The second quarter goes up, and it's the peak gross margin for the year, generally speaking. Third margin, quarter margin steps down a little bit, and then the fourth quarter margin tends to step down a little bit sequentially. So you can't really just look at these margins, there's a seasonality to them. On a pure -- everything is the same, so there must be something wrong if it's going down or something right if it's going up. I mean, there's all sorts of seasonal aspects to this. For instance, in the Consumer Power Tools business, if you mix in the Consumer Power Tools in the fourth quarter, it tends to have a slightly lower gross margin and operating margin than the Professional Power Tools, as an example. There's also Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, which tend to be days that people are paid for, but they don't do any work, and so there's a more of concentration of holidays, less productivity, less margins. And these types of things that just drive you crazy if you try to just track the margin sequentially at any 1 point or 2 points in time.
James M. Loree: And to be clear, it's all incremental to the synergy. I think, I'm sure that came across when Don made the point, but this is not -- this is all in addition to the synergies that have already been announced.
James M. Loree: Yes, and let me just also comment that the way that we are thinking about this too is that back in October, we indicated that we had a roadmap to get to a number approaching $6 when we, as Don mentioned earlier, found out that we had significant euro-related and market-related pressure in Europe, we decided to do everything we could from a cost perspective that made sense to protect that cash flow and earnings range that we were discussing in October. Because we really felt -- we really feel like we've set the company up very well to be a -- to outperform, when and if the U.S. home improvement and housing market returns, and we wanted to preserve that optionality if you will, for the investors, so that folks that were thinking that this could be a good proxy for playing the home improvement and housing rebound, but felt concerned about the European negative exposure could feel more comfortable continuing to invest in the stock because it still has the upside associated with the U.S. home improvement and housing rebound if and when that happens.
James M. Loree: Ken, this is Jim. First of all, the integration, I would not characterize as easy, because there are multiple countries involved, with multiple P&Ls and very -- some very small, some very large and many different cultures, and Niscayah has -- some embedded -- a very localized embedded management practices that have to be -- more operated in a more central manner, while remaining, keeping their local flavor. So this is not a slam dunk. That said, we feel great about the $45 million. We have a very clear roadmap. We have very talented, experienced people in charge working on it, and so we feel good about it. And what we will do is essentially the same thing that we did with ADT France and the same thing we did with GDP in Europe and Blick as well, which is we will take the HSM model. We are taking the HSM model and we are implementing that so that you have a nice blend of central oversight with local regional management. And that's going to take about 3 years to fully implement. But this year, I would call it the low hanging fruit will be absolutely executed to get to the $0.20. And that's kind of the play here is that we are going to -- we are doing the things that are going to generate immediate results, have priority to do that and then there's kind of a medium to long-term organizational transformation that's taking place, which is why we put a very strong leader, Massimo Grassi, in charge of this who's multicultural, speaks 5 different languages and has been with us a long time, we know him very well and he's bolstered the organization already. He's mustered the resources from the Security business and they're working in earnest to effect this transformation, and we feel very good about what we bought --
James M. Loree: And there's some hidden benefits as well because -- and I mentioned this before, that the Niscayah people happen to be very good at recurring service revenue, in other words maintenance, scheduled maintenance, prepaid maintenance, those types of things, service contracts for equipment that we frankly in HSM had not really pursued too aggressively. And so we're really learning from that and that's going to be something that's implemented in the U.S. and in the non-HSM or non -- excuse me, Niscayah parts of the Legacy Stanley Security, and I think we'll benefit from that. That's not included in any synergies or anything like that. And then the other thing is the vertical marketing prowess. And Niscayah clearly is -- was better and is better than we were at that, and we've been trying for years to figure that out, and I think they bring excellent talent in that area and experience. And that's something that we will also leverage into our legacy Stanley Electronic Security markets.
James M. Loree: Well there's always going to promotional activity in CDIY. It tends to be -- peak around Father's Day and then, peak once again around the holidays, at the latter part of the year. So and then, it typically hits the tailwind of the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter. I would expect a very similar promotional calendar for this year. I think it's quite possible that I think we'll be looking for better, even better returns on the promotions this year and maybe a little tighter, but probably the same amount of activity.
James M. Loree: Well, the company before we -- before it became part of Stanley, it lost a fair amount of market share in the lithium-ion area in particular. And so we are definitely regaining share in lithium-ion and while we're not aggressively promoting because the product's really -- the price value proposition speaks for itself, that's where we really look to be gaining share, and as we look at the NiCad business, while we're in the NiCad business and will continue to be in it, that will become a smaller part of the power tool business as time goes on, and so when there's promotional activity, it typically revolves around that. And then the other area where we're regaining share in, I'm speaking principally about CDIY right now, and the other area would be in the emerging markets, especially related to revenue synergies where Black & Decker had some really strong infrastructure in the emerging markets in Latin America, the Middle East and we both have kind of subscale infrastructure in Asia. And when you put that together, it's pretty strong. So we now have excellent infrastructure. We have great brands that we can leverage across into these markets across what the legacy business is, and I'd say we're really making some great progress in that respect, gaining share.
James M. Loree: No, not at all. I think the new products -- I think they've done such a phenomenal job with the design, particularly of the lithium-ion, I think you're going to see -- if you look at those margins, they're at -- they're at very acceptable levels and will continue to be so for a long time. It's in Power tools is different than Hand Tools, so we can -- we all understand that, but I think we're managing it pretty effectively and to be able to achieve overall margins in the 13% range for the year, for CDIY, and to have more rapid -- more cost synergies coming in next year and the expectation that we will get some accretion in the rate next year, meaning this year is a -- I think it's reasonable. I mean, there is a certain limitation to that over time, and we've not reached that yet, but I think there is a point where in the power tool market in particular, it just becomes difficult to -- there's a feeling to surpass that ceiling. But I don't think that ceiling is at 12% or 13%.
John F. Lundgren: Nicole, this is John. I'll just add a little, maybe a little more light, because I couldn't agree more strongly with Jim that there should be anything but concern. An analogy that my colleagues and teammates are tired of hearing, but I think it'll really help, SG&A, we describe within Stanley Black & Decker internal speak as cholesterol, and there's good cholesterol and bad cholesterol. And my colleagues are laughing as I say this, but I think it's a really good analogy. If it involves new product development and supporting our brands, that's good cholesterol, not only are we not cutting it, we're improving it. If it involves back room operations, paperwork, processing, nonvalue-added activities or a duplication of effort, that's bad cholesterol, and we're eliminating it. That's exactly what Jim's describing. So I apologize for the simplicity of the analogy, but I think it'll help. SG&A in total will come down a lot. I think Don said that about 60% of the reduction is in SG&A and about 40% is actually cost of goods affecting plants and things of that nature. But of the SG&A reduction, it is all on the side of money that is required to spend -- that are required to spend to do business, but doesn't necessarily strengthen our brand or improve our product portfolio. And every P&L owner within Stanley Black & Decker looks at it just that way, approaches it just that way and it's a very serious trade off that we think about before we make any of the cuts.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, you're absolutely right. It was modest, and as Jim said in his segment review, we don't anticipate it going on. We grew the business 6% in the fourth quarter when the market was flat-to-down. There was promotional activity on NiCad, and there was less than historical inflationary price recovery. We can make that comment with a 100% benefit of 20/20 hindsight. And so what you said is exactly right. There was very modest margin decline. That being said, we grew the business at 5x to 6x the rate of the market. The balance between margin and volume and share growth should be or will be a little bit different going forward. So I think your statement is absolutely correct. Jeff Ansell and his team understand it, again you don't have the -- you don't always have the value of all that information until you've closed the books. We were driving for volume, we got it, we got it at slightly less margin than historically we have. We've got a very, very good team that understands that, and we're highly confident they'll get the balance even better.
John F. Lundgren: I think we can use a little bit [ph] of the FX versus inflation of the $0.70 that you've already said, by the way.
John F. Lundgren: And as is always the case, Dan, I know you're well aware on -- the magnitude is proportional, Europe and U.S. as Don had said, we've done everything in our power to not slow down the growth of emerging markets. But geographically, those cuts are shared equally among the -- pro rationally among the businesses as well as among the very various functions. But it always takes longer to get it in Europe, which I know you understand well, 3 to 6 months longer just due to some -- anything that's subcomp-related procedures go with it, and it takes a little longer to realize. But that being said, that's built in to our guidance and our anticipated timing.
John F. Lundgren: Let me, Steve, let me start by saying we're just never going to provide that level of granularity on this call, and you know that. We can't hate you for asking. Cash flow by region, by business isn't something that we tend to, A, we tend to track ourselves, B, that we're going to put out there. What I can say, and I think Jim touched on it, but perhaps, didn't quite finish the thought, that's clear with us. When we implement SFS, the immediate benefit comes from receivables and payables because our very powerful global sourcing operation is involved and our field sales force and business controllers and business CFOs are closely involved. Normally, the dramatic improvement in inventory, inventory reduction and ultimately, in absolute terms and days and the result on turns, comes 6 months later because it requires more forecasting accuracy and better process changes. We have the experience of trying to reduce inventory for the sake of doing it, and with a negative impact on fill rates before the process changes have been put in place, that happened to us 2 years ago in Europe with our industrial tools business and we learned from that lesson. So more of the increment, to try to simplify it, will come from inventory improvement or we anticipate it will in 2012 because we've gotten the lion's share of what we will get from receivables and terms. Geographically, assume it's going to split about commensurate with our businesses and with our revenues, but there is no business or region that's particularly far behind or ahead. We run global platforms with local P&L leaders. Everyone is incented the same way. Everyone is equally focused on it. And while emerging markets are a relatively small percentage of our total, 14%, they're in pretty good shape in terms of working capital turns. And while you might think credit terms are loose or things of that nature, they're not because in many of the markets, the -- a lot of the business is done through letters of credit or cash. So in fact, the turns among our Asian business in particular are very near the top of the heap. That's about all the direction our business -- direction or detail that we're in a position to provide.
John F. Lundgren: Excuse me Jim, I'm sorry. Ken, one other point you mentioned, mix and the need to do install to get recurring revenue, which we've been talking about for years. We've mentioned this on the acquisition call. But to remind you and everyone, the Niscayah business was heavily skewed towards install with a far lower than line average and certainly Stanley Convergent Security with recurring as a far lower percentage of the total revenue base. So part of Brett and Massimo's charge is obviously maintain the flow of profitable installation to keep the pipeline full, but to dramatically improve the mix toward recurring. And if you think about that, for those who have followed this company a long time, that was the HS -- the Legacy Stanley model, was much closer to the Niscayah model where we were way too skewed towards installation without enough recurring revenue and service coming with it. A very successfully HSM model, was very much focused and directed and incented toward recurring revenue, which is why we described it as a reverse integration of Stanley Convergent Security into HSM. What we -- so simply said, we've seen the Niscayah model before, good business, too much installation, not enough recurring. We know what to do with that. And, oh, by the way, we have a history with security acquisitions of improving margins up 400 to 1,000 basis points within 2 to 3 years. That's what's in our model for Niscayah. And to Jim's point, we've seen absolutely nothing having worked with this business now for about 6 months and owned it for 4, that would let us -- that would want us -- lead us to back off from that...
John F. Lundgren: Yes, particularly in the financial services vertical as Jim's referring, as you know, Stanley has done -- historically done very well in retail and some other verticals. Niscayah is equally strong in the financial services sector and brings to Jim's point, and we'll leave it at that, really strong vertical marketing capabilities, strategy execution. It was a real plus of the folks that we've inherited both in the U.S. and in Europe.
John F. Lundgren: We're -- we look at each and every acquisition, first, on its strategic value and benefit, and second, on its ability to meet or exceed our financial hurdles. And we very, very carefully internally and if it's a large acquisition with our board, evaluate that relative to returning cash to shareholders. So in that regard, our process hasn't changed. If what you predict is correct, it will make it harder to achieve our hurdles, and it would mean there's a greater opportunity to return cash to shareholders, if valuation's low or we think unfairly low via repurchase, as we did $350 million worth in 2011. If we think valuation's somewhat fair, but in a 1% return environment for the next year or 2, which based on what the Federal Reserve announced this morning seems to be the case, then there's probably more potential for an increased dividend in terms of improving the total shareholder return for our investors. So the strategy's the same, Sam, and we will obviously respond to conditions in the marketplace and allocate our capital. And as you know well, it's not year-in, year-out, it is over time. And if you look back in history, it's been roughly 50-50, even though we have a stated objective, 2/3 of our capital allocation going to acquisitions. It's been about 50-50 and it's because we, as I say, evaluate every acquisition relative to share repurchase or relative to a meaningful change in the dividend.
John F. Lundgren: Would it -- I guess, I couldn't be more on the other side of that spectrum. It -- this is -- you've followed Stanley longer than I've been here, which is 8 years. This is -- it is so much easier for our senior HR staff and our business leaders to do their job because we are now a $10 billion company that 6 years ago or 7 years -- 6 years ago was a $2.5 billion company. There is tremendous growth opportunity. Jeff Ansell would cite the statistics and he has publicly at the last investor meeting, he's promoted 200 people internally. So simply said, the talent -- we've been a magnet for talent of late, what it's not a good place to be is if you'd like to just punch the clock, maintain the status quo and have your secretary water you everyday and collect the large paycheck, this probably isn't where you want to come to work, but that's not the kind of talent you're referring to, or that we want to retain. So I just couldn't be in a more different place. We're -- we really have -- the success and the size of the Black & Decker merger combined with the growth rate, Sam, has actually made it a lot easier to attract talent. And I'm not saying it's easy because there's tremendous competition for talent all over the world, particularly in emerging markets. But we have people seeking us out, as opposed to us having to pound the streets for talent. So it's actually gone in the other direction. Fair question, but the impact has been exactly the opposite of what you might be concerned about.
John F. Lundgren: And David, just one more point on promotion, because -- so you don't get cut off. We pride ourselves on being a learning organization. And again, I referenced that our CDIY team, as you would expect, analyzes every promotion that they conduct, whether it's in Consumer Power Tools or to a lesser extent, they do the same amount of analysis, less promotion, in Professional Power Tools. And we did -- you got a lot of learning late in the year as the team drove to recapture some lost share on which promotions were effective and which weren't, both in terms of which generated enough incremental volume to make it, if it was a price discount or something else that was offered to make it a good business decision versus bad. With every promotion we run, we learn. And I think it's continuous improvement. We'll do a better job every year, while to Jim's point, the level of promotion will be above -- will be about the same, the effectiveness of that promotion, if we can continue to perform the way we have in the past will be improved every year.
