Jim Loree: Thanks, Don. We continue to execute on a number of outstanding growth catalysts, which position us for continued market share gains, as well as buffering the shocks of a volatile global economy, like, we are experiencing in 2020. The Craftsman brand remains a key element of our growth strategy and we continue to see a strong customer response, excellent growth and remain well on our path towards $1 billion. This brand, with its enduring value proposition, is well-positioned to benefit from the positive trends we have seen in North American DIY. We are continuing to invest in our innovation machine, bringing the new core and breakthrough innovations to market, and most recently, our DEWALT product line has had innovations that span the power spectrum. DEWALT, ATOMIC and XTREME provide the highest power to late ratio tools in the market, while FLEXVOLT is reaching up into higher power categories where we continue to introduce new tools that are cordless for the first time. And during 2019, we also closed on a 20% stake in MTD Holdings, a leading outdoor power equipment manufacturer. This is an exciting opportunity to increase our presence in both the gas and electric outdoor power equipment markets, with the first opportunity to purchase the remaining 80% beginning in the middle of 2021. MTD continues to make progress on improving their operating margins and is also benefiting from the focus on the Home & Garden nesting phenomenon that has emerged in recent months. And as I mentioned earlier, downturns are a time of opportunity, as well as a time of disruption. So, for example, we are the tools industry leader in e-commerce with global 2019 online revenues of $1.3 billion. But with a sudden acceleration and a shift to e-commerce, our growth opportunity here has become immense. To put it in perspective, it took a decade for e-commerce to become 10% of our revenue, and almost overnight, it grew to nearly 15% of sales and is increasing quickly, with our market position, brands, digital capabilities and global customer relationships, what a great opportunity to build upon our strengths in this area. With its excellent margins, this is one of the major growth areas that will attract significant new investment from us in the second half and beyond. And in a matter of months, society has discovered a newfound obsession with health and safety. This in turn has thrust our security business with its healthcare, electronic security and automatic doors businesses, smack in the middle of a new growth landscape. For example, we are commercializing new solutions such as automated entrance management with temperature monitoring, contact and proximity tracing, and touchless stores for commercial buildings and manufacturing plants. We are allocating resources to scale these solutions and benefit quickly from these new sources of potential growth. We expect all of these growth catalysts, which include exercising our option to acquire the remaining 80% of MTD, most likely in early 2022 to contribute $3 billion to $4 billion of incremental annual revenue beginning in 2022, a great long-term growth story as we look ahead to the future. So in closing, we are delighted with the second quarter performance under the circumstances. We were able to quickly pivot to serve a rapidly improving demand environment and weathered in good stead what we currently believe to be a trough revenue performance for the year, maintaining an intense focus on cost control and delivering on the improved demand trends within the quarter, we are able to limit the impact to our margin rates and deliver $1.60 of EPS. Unfortunately, we were in a strong position going into the crisis, and with the dedication and commitment of our talented, diverse management team and all of our great people are taking the necessary actions to stay strong during the crisis and to emerge from it even stronger. We are now ready for Q&A Dennis. Thank you.
Jim Loree: Yeah. So, on your first question, that’s an accurate kind of view of the decrementals in the back half. Yeah, I think, the margins for industrial will be a very pressured especially in the third quarter, but get better in the fourth quarter, but they still won’t be improving year-over-year, but at this stage, we do think tool margins will be improving in the back half year-over-year. But probably will be more improvement in Q3 than Q4 right now, due to various comp and other matters, but also our insight for Q3 is very clear versus the insight for Q4 is still a little unclear. So that’s probably another factor in that analysis as well.
Jim Loree: Yeah. I mean, inventory levels are exceedingly low and pretty much as low as I have seen in my time here. And I think the customers would probably prefer to have higher inventories, if they could. But as you pointed out, we are simply keeping up with POS right now. We were fortunate that we built a pretty substantial amount of inventory early in the quarter when we started to see, the POS dramatically outperform the shipments and the customers in the beginning of the quarter were still in the process of an inventory correction themselves and then it took them a while to realize that the POS needed to be replenished like ASAP in the middle of the quarter and the orders started rolling in, probably in the back half of the quarter. But by then, with our supply chain cycle time, we are fortunately producing sufficient inventory to at least keep up with the POS and actually it took us a while to get to the point where we were keeping up with POS. There was substantial inventory drain in the channel throughout the quarter stabilizing pretty much near the end and then has been stable for several weeks now.
Jim Loree: Yeah. I mean, actually, I think they are both relatively easy questions, because, clearly, the DIY fade is something that makes logical sense. When you take into account the factor, even if there is a stimulus, which I suspect there will be, it will be a lower dollar amount than we have seen thus far, and so, I think, that there probably will be some POS fade. I just -- it’s unsustainable to keep circa 40% POS going for a long, long period of time. So, yeah, I think that’s probably going to happen. But the pro has been pretty much on hold very, very quiet in terms of what we are seeing there, and of course, with the housing market potentially heating up here and if the urbanization and so forth, it’s likely to go on and starting to go on, likely to continue and so forth. I think we are going to see a fair amount of pros coming back into the mix from the sidelines. So I think there is some potential that that could happen.
Jim Loree: Yeah. And we are very, very pleased with the tools margins in this quarter, because they are pretty much at what have historically been peak levels at a time when revenue is in what we think is a trough in the cycle. So, yeah, I mean, I think, that’s a very significant probability that they will accrete upwards. There are a lot of positive things that Don has talked about. And I have referred to relative to the impact on margins from the cost reductions, from margin resiliency, et cetera. And so I think it hopefully will foretell a very positive story in the future. And I think equally important is the lack of what we have had over the past few years, which have been really significant headwinds from the dollar -- the strength of the dollar, which is now kind of backed off a bit and hopefully will continue along those lines for a while. And also the tariffs are kind of anniversarying out here as we speak in the next quarter and inflation has turned into some deflation. So there are a lot of powerful things happening in the tools margin story that I think bodes very well for it going forward. There’s always going to be new headwinds over time. So we can’t get crazy about it, but clearly, the momentum is upward.
Jim Loree: Yes. That’s great. It’s a great question. And it’s -- I was trying to kind of get at that with -- when I talked about the trends that had occurred with the advent of COVID. The first being the sudden shift into e-commerce and -- in terms of the revenue weighting and the consumer preferences. And then in addition to that, you have this kind of re-imagination and re-acclimation to the home. People spending time at home, doing projects at home and then also out in the garden and landscaping, so a lot of the DIY in that area. I think that’s going to be a relatively, I will call it, a semi-permanent trend, which means, probably, for at least a couple of years, we will see that, and then finally, the obsession with health and safety. So all of those things play to our portfolio with the world’s leading, certainly, world’s leading tool business in a great position in e-commerce and in DIY both in the U.S. and in North America and in Europe. And then the MTD acquisition, which hopefully we will be able to do in early 2022, that’s going really well in terms of the cost takeouts that we had -- are working with MTD on, making sure their margins get up to acceptable levels and also from a revenue point of view, MTD is doing quite well as well with significant growth at this period of time. So that’s going to be a great story and that’s probably going to be about $3 billion when we exercise that option of revenue that we are going to bring on probably at a weighted multiple when you take into account the first 20% and then the second 80% will weighted multiple, probably be in the 7 times to 8 times EBITDA range, which is going to be just fantastic. And then the security business, because of this newfound obsession with health and safety, the security business, which has what is today a relatively small but extremely sophisticated healthcare business that serves acute care facilities and elder living facilities and has very sophisticated technology in terms of IoT in particular in artificial intelligence using that business to help with contact tracing and other relevant healthcare applications and one of them being to the protection of elders in these elder care facilities, which as we all know is one of the great tragic stories of COVID-19. Most stakes are running around 50% plus of their deaths associated with elder care facilities. So we are going to be trying to help out with that as a social kind of project to help deal with safety in elder care facilities. And then the electronic security business, which, for a long time, has been on the bottle, if you will, certainly has now moved into the strike zone in terms of strategic relevance with all of its applications that relate to health, safety and security. So, yes, I think, it’s a really great time for our portfolio based on what we see out there in the world today.
Don Allan: Yeah. And my comments in the script, and what Jim said, we don’t want to leave the impression that the inventory levels are so low that it’s causing major issues with the end-user. But then when you look at the weeks of stock and you look at the typical range of anywhere from nine weeks to 15 weeks depending on customer, we are definitely at the very low end of that range and so that’s a factor in as we think about going forward. And we are producing enough products in the tool space that if there is a desire of our customers later in the year to restock. We will have the ability to do that, even if the POS continues to run at the levels it’s trending at now.
Don Allan: Yeah. I mean, maybe the best way to answer that question, because it’s a very good question is that, if you think about our margin resiliency program, which Jim commented on related to how it contributed to this year’s cost actions. We still think there’s a great deal of value going forward in that program and we believe this a range of $300 million to $500 million of opportunity that we can capture over the next three years to four years. And part of that will be what you are talking about really shifting the supply chain and the value opportunities that happened there associated with that. There’s also many other things associated with Industry 4.0, advanced analytics, better pricing, analytical and technology tools. I mean, our organizations have really digitized themselves and the supply chain continues to do that to really create more value on a go-forward basis. So one of the really positives that’s coming out of this crisis is that we are not like depleting our margin resiliency value creation. We still see a great deal of value going forward. And at this point, I would just assume it’s probably $100 million to $150 million per year for the next three years, starting next year. We will certainly refine that as we get closer to the end of this year. But -- that is an opportunity that we will continue to pursue, and as you can see, there are a lot of values still associated with it.
Don Allan: Yeah. The first one is it’s a pretty even split between Q3 and Q4 and then I will pass your second question over to Jim.
Don Allan: I think the way to think about it, Michael is that, if we got the $4 billion obviously, we have another $0.5 billion of incremental benefit in 2021. But we do recognize that that’s probably not likely that we are going to get that type of carryover. Because we are going to have some of these temporary things that come back into our systems such as, we have suspended certain employee benefits as an example, that’s going to be something we can tolerate as an organization for one year. But we can’t continue that into next year, so that will be something that comes back into our cost base. We did some of these temporary compensation things that we are reversing for the reasons we articulated, which will create kind of an incremental cost next year year-over-year. But then we are shifting into -- and we have some things in indirect that we did temporarily this year that will increase in our cost base next year. But then what we are doing is we are focusing in other categories where we are taking permanent headcount actions here right now through, as Jim mentioned, into September timeframe. That would kind of help offset a portion of that. And then, we also are trying to sustain some of these indirect savings, so they are permanent. And so ultimately, when you look at the $1 billion that we have gone after, we think we found $650 million of it roughly that is permanent. And when you do all the math of all those pluses and minuses, and Dennis can give you a little more detail off-line, if you would like. You are going to get a situation where you get a value of $500 million this year, it’s incremental over last year and you are getting at a value of $150 million incremental next year over this year and that’s really how it works.
