James Loree: And clearly, our current estimate, we definitely have some price recovery against that inflation, but it's at lower levels than what we've historically seen at legacy Stanley. As you know, legacy Stanley has had a track record of recovering about 80% to 85% of inflation over various inflationary time periods. In this particular case, we think we're looking at about 1/3 to 50% recovery of inflation at this stage. We have different dynamics now in our new combined company. Clearly, there's a whole set of individuals that need to learn the different rhythms, the center of excellence that we have around pricing and the processes and how we go about doing that. Second, the competitive dynamics are much different on the Black & Decker side of our company than the Stanley Hand Tools side. There's three or four significant competitors that we need to factor in as we make pricing decisions around inflation. So we need to be aware of that as part of the decision-making process. And also, when you look at the business as well, it is clearly a significant part of our company, Black & Decker, and has various commodity components to it, just like Stanley Hand Tools does. So it's going to have more of an impact from things such as if the RMB gets reval-ed as well. That's a risk in that number. And so there's various different things that we need to consider as part of this. But over the long term, we anticipate that we will drive a lot of these rigors and rhythms into the company across the entire globe and across the entire businesses. But there's a transition that needs to take place. And you also have to combine it with the last factor that I didn't even touch on, is that we are catching up a little bit on the technology side with some of our products, in Black & Decker and DEWALT in particular. And when you have that bit of a disadvantage on a few of your products to your competition, it makes pricing even more difficult. So all those factors need to be considered, and why we will have some pressure in 2011 related to that inflation price arbitrage.
James Loree: I'll talk about it generally, but specifically, if you've followed us, and I know Mike has and you have, too, until we presented it to a customer and you can find it at a customer level, we are not going to talk about it externally on an earnings call. But brand expansion is an example of things that are in the -- things that are in the marketplace that have already taken place is a DEWALT hand tool introduction in certain channels. That would have never happened before these two companies came together. That's one that's in the marketplace that people have seen, and that's just a really good example of something. Cross-selling, again I can talk about what's happened historically. Cross-selling is something as simple as legacy Black & Decker is extremely well established in the step bit channel with its powerful, powerful DEWALT business. Legacy Stanley Hand Tools, despite being number one or two in almost every category, is underdeveloped in the step bit channel. So as the historically the DEWALT salesperson is selling DEWALT power tools in the step bit channel, there's the opportunity to sell more Stanley Hand Tools at the same time. So those are one example that we've already put forward of brand expansion and cross-selling that essentially is in the marketplace. Anything new, with apologies, we have a policy that says we're not going to talk about those externally until we've talked about them to our customers. And that's served us well in the past, and we're going to stick with that.
James Loree: A good problem is a great problem for anyone to have, and it's a high-class problem. But one of the things that we're a little -- I think it's a huge opportunity for us, is to get our yield back up to a point where we think that it's attractive to a certain type of investor that has historically been very interested in owning our stock. And right now, we're hovering around a 2% yield, and we're about 50 basis points or so below where we would normally be. And part of that has been the stock price appreciation, which has been driven by the earnings and the cash generation. So that makes perfect sense. And that's why re-evaluating the dividend is our number one cash deployment issue right now or opportunity. And then secondly, as Don mentioned, when it comes to repurchases, we generally look at them opportunistically. The first thing to understand is, of the cash on the balance sheet, virtually 100% of that is overseas and cannot be accessed for things like repurchases and dividends unless we repatriate it, which we're not likely to do anytime soon because of the current tax policy. Now if the tax policy were to change, your hypothesis would be a lot more -- in terms of the magnitude, would be a lot more appropriate or relevant in this particular case. So we don't have this mountain of cash that we can just simply return to the shareholders. What we will do with the international cash is continue to look -- it's very fortunate that where we'd like to grow is internationally in Security and in some of the other platforms. So we are actively looking for international acquisitions, like many multinational companies. And then when we consider share repurchase versus deploying domestic cash for acquisitions, we first look at it strategically. And we have long-term financial objectives, which are to grow the revenue at 10% at 12% annually and organic growth 4% to 5% annually. So to make up the difference between the 4% to 5% and the 10% to 12%, there's a fair amount of acquiring that has to go on. We don't expect 2011 to be a banner year for acquisitions because of the focus on integration. But we do expect to make some acquisitions. So that will consume some of the cash. And then whatever is left over, we look at, is it the appropriate time to buy back stock? What is the EPS accretion from doing that versus investing in more acquisitions? That type of analysis. And what are the future cash flow prospects, et cetera, for the company? So there's no formula for doing it. It's an ongoing process that we go through. And as I said, right now, our first focus is going to be on evaluating the level of dividend and making sure that we address that issue as we go forward.
James Loree: It was quite simple. I mean the -- inflation spiked up in the quarter. Price was negative. So we had an unfavorable arbitrage. That was, by and large, the primary driver. Then there was some -- obviously the synergies were a big offset to that. There was also, on a year-over-year basis, there was more promotional spending than there was in the fourth quarter of '09. But those are basically the moving parts.
James Loree: I mean the opportunity is all good, and it's all positive because you have -- as I mentioned earlier, there's a confluence of things that are coming together here in this business. We have slightly better markets. We have an array of new products. We have carryover in that respect. We have new products that we're going to introduce in the coming months. We have the revenue synergies, the SFS implementation. There's just a lot of good things happening. And yes, we have a little bit of inflation headwind, but we also have improving price management capability on new products that are going to improve our value proposition. So we really have a lot of good things going. So can we put a number on it? Absolutely not, because if everything good happened, nobody would believe the number. So I think we have to just kind of go with what we are we saying for 2011 and assume that we'll deliver that. And then there's probably more opportunity beyond that in '12 and '13.
James Loree: And then, Jim, in addition to that, one of the things that made the Stanley legacy initiative is so successful in getting from 4.5 to almost 8 turns over the course of three years, was that the board put in place a special bonus plan for a couple hundred of the most senior people in the company. And that turned out to be a tremendous motivating factor and a glue that held the whole initiative together. And that was actually paid out. It was a three-year horizon. It was actually paid out last year, in the middle of the year. And given the opportunity on the table, the Board decided to kind of re-put that plan in place for the combined company. So you also have this very direct correlation between the achievement of between 7 and 8 working capital turns within a three-year period and a direct monetary incentive for a couple of hundred of the most senior people in the company.
James Loree: I also think it's pretty obvious that the busiest people in the company right now are the ones that are working on the revenue synergy implementation and the cost synergy implementation. And the most kind of stretched organization would be CDIY and the regions that are strong and prevalent in CDIY. So you're not likely to see anything of any meaningful size, if anything, in those particular areas where people are very stretched working on the integration. So I think the first rule would be, if we do something, it would in all likelihood be either in the Healthcare or Infrastructure growth platforms where there's nothing going on with respect to the integration, or in Electronic security, where there's basically no integration going on with respect to the Black & Decker merger. Perhaps in Mechanical, if it were to occur in a geography where there was not a lot of activity and integration going on. And then maybe in Industrial Tools would be the other area if something were to come up.
James Loree: The first quarter tends to be a little lighter than the fourth quarter, and then the second quarter is very heavy. And so the second and third and fourth quarters are heavy promotional quarters. The first is probably the lightest of the four.
James Loree: We're not there yet, Pete. I think Don has been quite granular on -- $1.1 billion is a very, very big number next year, which means roughly a 10% cash flow yield, which is a very, very large number. Obviously, we have the objective and the programs in place to continue to increase it. But on this call, we aren't going to project cash flow three years out. We're absorbing and digesting our past accomplishments and making sure the programs are in place to deliver $1.1 billion. Not to say if we can deliver more, we won't. But as you know, because you follow us so closely, our cash flow by the nature of the business is always backend loaded in the course of the year. So it's going to be well into the fourth quarter next year before we have complete confidence around the $1.1 billion. And as a result, would have the confidence to provide a larger number or better granularity on cash flow specifically in 2012 and '13.
James Loree: Yes, we've said publicly about working capital that we think there's a $400 million to $500 million opportunity to unlock in this merger. So that clearly gives you an indication of that magnitude over a three to four-year period.
James Loree: Well, China is a terrific market for hardware in some ways and in some ways, it's a more challenging market. We like the GMT business because GMT, it's like Kleenex or Xerox for floor hinges and commercial hardware in China. So if you go to a commercial building in China and you open those big glass doors and you look down at the floor, I think about eight times out of 10, you'll see a GMT brand on the hinge. So they have a terrific distribution network in China. They have a great brand. And their limitation is that they're really specialists in floor hinges. So clearly we can bring some product expertise to GMT, and they can bring some low-cost manufacturing to us to help manufacture those products. So I think you're onto something. I do think this is a very nice platform for commercial hardware expansion. Whether we get into residential hardware in the future will be something that we continue to evaluate because, number one, there is no GMT of residential hardware. And secondly, it is a more challenging market because it is so fragmented. And I'm talking about residential now. And in residential, some of the private company owners run these companies with a different overhead structure than we can. And that's more because we insist on compliance with laws and regulations as opposed to we're top heavy. So that's an issue in residential and whether we can make money or not. That's still an open question. But clearly GMT provides the commercial hardware framework for expansion.
James Loree: But it also -- John raises that point which sparked a thought on my part, too, which is another really attractive element of GMT is that they are exporters into Southeast Asia. So not only do you get the China coverage, but you get the entire coverage of the entire Southeast Asian region.
James Loree: I have to admit, I haven't had time to review all our competitor's press releases this morning as it was a very busy morning. However, what one might surmise from that is the fact that we are less commercial construction driven than our two competitors. So we are more leveraged to healthcare, education and government and the like. And we're also more leveraged to the retrofit market, which has been particularly weak. So if there in fact is a relative comparison which makes us look unfavorable, it's quite possible that it's driven by the mix of business. And perhaps, they're observing a little more kind of better volume in the commercial construction market, and we might not be benefiting from that level of concentration in commercial construction. So it's been a long time since anybody said anything positive about commercial construction, and I'm looking forward to reading the release. As far as Convergent goes, we are pretty optimistic about their ability to grow beginning in the first half, and we think that's going to help the Security segment tremendously get off to a good start here in 2011.
Donald Allan: Share repurchase for us is always opportunistic. We look at the stock price, we look at our free cash flow performance. We also have to consider the pipeline of acquisitions and kind of counter the balance between the two of making that decision. Right now, our priority is to focus on the timing and the magnitude of our dividend increase. And as the year progresses and those different factors evolve, we obviously will continue to evaluate share repurchases.
Donald Allan: Yes, we have estimated within our inflation estimate a potential RMB adjustment of anywhere between 3% and 5%.
Donald Allan: What I was referring to is that in our guidance, I wanted people to recognize that in the first half of 2010, there was very little promotional spend in the Black & Decker part of our company. Because there was a lot of uncertainty around the timing of the closing and the merger, there were decisions being made about individuals, et cetera. So the promotional spend was not at the level that you would typically see. In 2011, we expect that to return to normal levels. As far as an actual estimate, it's not something that I have in my fingertips, but it's not minor by any stretch of the imagination. I'm sure Kate Vanek could follow up with a little more detail on that afterwards.
Donald Allan: I wouldn't say that we've had significant change in any of those metrics over the last quarter or two. The real trend has been around installation orders in our Convergent Security business being modestly showing modest growth. But now we begin to get order trends in the last quarter that's been a little better than that, which is why we feel good about the statement that Jim just made that we expect to see growth in the first half in our Convergent business. And I also indicated, when I went through the segment outlook, that we did expect the Convergent business growth outpace the Mechanical Access security business, which was the point you were making earlier. So that's where we think a lot of the growth is going to come from in that particular segment, particularly in the first half of 2011, but also likely for the year.
John Lundgren: As I alluded to, Sam, and Jim may want to provide a little more color, it's more in distribution than manufacturing for exactly the reason you've cited. These are hand tools and power tools are different processes. That being said, as we've understood the legacy Black & Decker footprint a little better, and we've touched on, there is an opportunity to produce Stanley Hand Tools in legacy Black & Decker facilities in certain geographical markets. Not much of that goes the other way. But what's of tremendous value is the opportunity to combine more distribution centers, we think in a low risk way, run them in parallel until we need to. I mean specifically, we're serving the same end-users and the same customers in the same channels in the same geographies. And as we learn about third-party warehouses and things that are outsourced that we have the opportunity to insource, there's a tremendous amount on the distribution front. So it's skewed in that direction. As it relates to specific facility closures that we weren't sure we could -- we thought we could look at but did not include in our original estimates, I will just apologize and revert to what I said earlier. Depending on the geography, until we've talked to employees and/or works councils about those plans, we can't talk about them externally. But I think you know our track record well. We have a high degree of confidence that there are a couple plants that we've added to the list of potential consolidation that weren't there this time last year. So overwhelmingly on the distribution side, a little bit avoiding constructing hand tool plants, and then the opportunity to consolidate a couple facilities in different geographies.
John Lundgren: And Sam, I'll just add, as I'm sure you and others understand, while that places some pressure to the extent that the RMB becomes stronger, many of our customers are going to see materials and pricing pressure from private label suppliers where 100% of the product is coming direct from China. It doesn't change our view. And Don's, I thought, very, very accurate and helpful explanation on the 100 basis points of arbitrage that we think will be behind at least for a year. That being said, the more our large customers are seeing meaningful inflation that's RMB driven, obviously, it makes it easier for us to have a price conversation. And that's going to help mitigate a lot of the pure impact of raw materials inflation.
John Lundgren: Don's point was in '09 and early '10, as we were putting two organizations together and sorting through the various SBUs and which particular brands and businesses would receive the majority of our brand support, we had about a nine-month period where it was below normal. But that would not have applied to the fourth quarter of 2010.
John Lundgren: Yes. What we said is by year three, we would have $5 of EPS. Now we're saying $4.75 to $5 in 2011. But clearly the top line performance has been quite significant in 2010. We're projecting 5% to 6% organic growth in 2011 and that revenue synergies on top of that of a half a point. And originally, the projections were for top line to be about 2%. We were in a different market at the time, different set of circumstances. The economy was very slowly recovering. And now we're seeing a more robust top line performance than we originally anticipated. So that's the first factor. The second factor is we obviously looked at $350 million of cost synergies happening in three years. Now we're saying $425 million is going to happen in 2 3/4 quarter years or by the end of 2012. And frankly, it looks like by the end of 2011, we will be very close to $350 million, achieving that on a run rate basis. So it's the acceleration of the cost synergies, higher cost synergies and it's a more robust revenue performance and outlook. Those are the two major factors.
John Lundgren: I'll take it, Jim. There's a heck of a lot of training. And I'll say, what I alluded to is we had a good launch with legacy Stanley in 2007. It took six to 12 months for it to really gain traction. And we think primarily via providing robust online materials, as well as making it a focal point of things like the national sales meeting for the CDIY team when they're all together anyway at the same place, at the same time, making that an important part of the team. Particularly stressing the importance for the legacy Black & Decker side of the business. Who I have to say, and I think would admit, a year ago we were somewhat skeptical what's SFS and what are its benefits? I think now there's complete buy-in because everyone's seen the power. So we've got better materials. A lot of it, again, is online. So the incremental training cost is not material, I guess, would be my response to that. And I think the second part of your question, if I understood it, is we've learned from where we were in the past. The opportunity is tremendous. Folks have embraced it. And the whole objective in emphasizing it is can we get an even faster start? Can we gain traction in three months as opposed to, say, six to nine or 12, which is what it took us before. And that's really the reference to it.
John Lundgren: Let me, so we don't get cut off. You asked about comp plans. Our comp plans won't change, in that the legacy Stanley comp plans will prevail and a tremendous, a large percentage -- there's both short term and long term, as you know. And short term, a very meaningful percentage of everyone's comp will be based on cash flow or working capital turns, which simply means implementing SFS, and depending on whether you have any control over payables or the total cash flow. If you're not, it's reducing working capital and improving turns as a surrogate for that. That's up to 50% of any individuals comp-ed in this company. That won't change. Long term, the two elements of earnings growth and ROCE, which are obviously reducing the denominator, is going to have a tremendous impact on how people get paid, that won't change either. So simply said, it's the legacy Stanley systems that prevail, and upwards of 50% of both short and long-term compensation are dramatically influenced by cash conversion, working capital reduction and return focused.
John Lundgren: And, again, Jim, to come back, that existed before. We're doing it again. So the focal points and the drivers are, I think, quite consistent. It's just over a base that's 2x the size.
John Lundgren: Yes and no. I'm going to have Jim respond, because obviously we can't mention specific targets but we can certainly mention platforms and geographies. Jim, I think that's fair.
John Lundgren: And again, discriminating in favor of high growth or emerging markets, as I think is clear from our previous statements.
John Lundgren: The answer is yes. The only granularity, Nicole, that I think we're able to give you, it's only been in the marketplace essentially a quarter. And I think, best estimate, Black & Decker lost 1 1/2 to two share points a year for three years. So five to six share points in that category space. And we think in the course of our projections, which was three years, we can and will gain that back. It's way too early to say we have and we will. There's obviously going to be a competitive response to such a terrific product that obviously has a strong brand behind it, well positioned in terms of price, and we are absolutely confident in its performance. So there's no reason to change our statement that the five to six share points we lost in cordless power tools over about a three-year period, that we'll gain back in the same amount of time or less. That's all we're in a position to say at this stage.
John Lundgren: But if you were just doing big picture modeling, we're going to have some earnings growth. That's out there, so that would definitely be an impact and a significant one. And DNA is going to kind of be at or near those levels for a while, probably even grow a little bit with some acquisitions, if we do some acquisitions in the future. And you can figure out for yourself how much of the working capital turns you think might go into the cash flow statement. But that pretty much you can do your own modeling, and you probably wouldn't be far off from what we would provide at a later date, anyway.
John Lundgren: And the question is how fast we can unlock it, and how much of it truly is converted and flows to cash.
John Lundgren: I think the key takeaway from what Jim said, all of which is totally correct, there is a huge Chinese domestic market factor within GMT. Quite often, one makes one of those acquisitions essentially as an LCC outsourcing opportunity. Jim made it very clear, but I want to be sure that it's understood, that they have a very strong position in the Chinese commercial construction market. This is not something that we've acquired simply because they can produce product at low cost and export it to Western markets. We'd like to participate in the growth of the Chinese market, and this is a very important step in that direction.
