Don Allan: Yes, I'll give a little color on POS, and then ask Pat to give a little color on the pricing part of the question. So I - the POS trends are obviously, when you look at them year-over-year, for some of our customers, they're down in the mid-single digits to high-single digits. Other customers are only down in the low-single digits to flat. So you got a mixed bag of different things happening there, but overall, we are seeing POS down year-over-year in Q1 and that trend will likely continue in Q2 at a lesser magnitude, because as the comp gets easier from Q1 to Q2, that trend will continue. The trend around PRO continues to be very healthy. We're not seeing any major shifts in that dynamic. The consumer side continues to be relatively flat sequentially to what we've been experiencing for the last, two or three quarters since the second quarter of last year. No major shifts there, but certainly not any strengthening on the consumer side as people continue to shift their dollars to different areas across the United States. But overall, I would say POS is kind of trending the way we would expect. Outdoor is a little choppy in the last six to eight weeks, as we saw a pretty rough March due to the weather. Things got better first half to the later stages of April as the weather got better, and then obviously we've seen a little bit of bumpiness in the last week or so as the weather hasn't been great in the Midwest and New England and Northeast in that time frame. And not to be a weather forecaster, but the weather is looking much better as we go into next week, so hopefully that trend shifts back to a positive. But it's a little bit of choppiness. I think, all of us, the retailers, our customers, ourselves, are all looking at probably the next month or so as to what the trends will be in POS, and that will really ultimately define the success of the season. But I do think we've factored our guidance in a way that allows us to navigate that effectively. And, Pat, maybe a little color on price now.
Don Allan: Yes. Most of that margin uplift from the first half to the second half is driven by gross profit margin uplift as opposed to some particularly strong volume or SG&A component. And most of it is, as we get into the back half of the year, you'll have more of the progress and the transformation going through the income statement and less of the inventory destock and production curtailment providing headwinds in that. And the order of magnitude is in the 300 to 500 basis points of gross margin improvement first half to back half.
Don Allan: Yes. Thanks for asking that question, Tim, because I didn't really get into that when I was talking about POS. But, yes, I would say the inventory levels in the channels and our major customers in North America and Europe are still high when you kind of look at traditional historical levels of inventory, but they are starting to come down. And so we're starting to see improvement in that. And I think for us in particular, the good news has always been that we weren't starting with a high level of inventory compared to maybe other folks within the industry and other competitors. So when you look at Home Depot as an example, we're not far away from where you would traditionally see. We're within a week or so of what we would typically want it to be and what they would want it to be. Lowe's is a little bit higher than that, but Lowe's tends to run at a much higher level of inventory, as we all know, versus Home Depot. So we feel pretty good about it. I think you'll see a continued little bit of working down of our inventory and our customers in Q2 and maybe a little bit of that in the Q3 as we work through the year, depending on where demand goes. So I don't think we're done with the de-stocking, but I think it's something that's very manageable for us versus maybe what some of our competitors are dealing with right now.
Don Allan: Yes, that's a good question for me to clarify. Thank you for asking that. So we're being very thoughtful on how we do this. And so those 60,000 SKUs is a lot of SKUs. When you hear about that, you start to wonder if that's going to have an impact on revenue. But the ones that we've eliminated in the first phase really had, very little revenue tied to them and very little inventory in the system. So, it was really just eliminating something that hasn't really been selling over the last several years. What you're left with now are the ones that, which is about 45,000 SKUs, that we stopped manufacturing, there's revenue tied to that, and there's inventory in our system tied to it as well. And so, you need to go through a thoughtful process with all of our customers of conversion from those products to other products that exist in Stanley Black & Decker that are very similar in nature. Now, whether that's an upgraded version that has been upgraded through innovation and the customer is still selling the older version, it could be an example of that. It could be an example of a brand being sold under a certain product and that we want to switch that brand over in that particular customer to a similar product but a different brand. And that takes probably 12 to 18 months to navigate through. And so, it's going to be a very slow methodical process with the overall objective being to not have an impact on revenue and to really minimize any potential write-outs that might exist in the world of inventory. And so far, the team has been very successful in doing that, but there's still a lot of work ahead of us. And we have dedicated resources that are focused on this within our tools and outdoor business. And they have a very good grasp of the commercial aspects of this as well as supply chain. And I think they're doing an effective job so far navigating through it.
Patrick Hallinan: Pricing environment has been stable. The price increase dynamic for us that you referenced in the first quarter was largely a carry-in price increase. Broadly in the channels and across competitors, the pricing environment remains stable. It appears to us that most in the market are focused on margin enhancement and, therefore, preserving pricing. We don't expect additional price in our outlook through the balance of the year, so stable pricing. We will be, given the supply chain improvements we've been making, we will be engaging in traditional seasonal promotions throughout the year, so that dynamic will be returning, but that's less of a new pricing dynamic and more of a return to traditional seasonal promotions.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. In terms of the first quarter favorability, we are executing well on the transformation. And so the transformation is running ahead of plan. And we're feeling good, not just about 2023, but about the road beyond 2023 and delivering on that transformation. So I would say just, when you get to the phasing of it throughout the year, that's more just it's difficult to predict perfectly how inventory rolls off your balance sheet and what level of inventory rolls off your balance sheet. So I would say having guidance that's highly consistent with the original guidance of low 20% gross profit margins in the first half and high 20% gross profit margins in the back half is the way you should think of the business. You should have confidence in the transformation delivering that. And the way it flows quarter to quarter is always going to depend a little bit on mix and what type of inventory is coming off the balance sheet. So I wouldn't subscribe anything other than that to the first half gross profit margin. Solid transformation performance and just an update on where the inventory is falling off the balance sheet. In terms of the outlook of the end market dynamics in Tools & Outdoor for the balance of the year, we would expect what we've seen in the first quarter to persist throughout the balance of the year, which is continued strength in the pro-environment and a softer consumer environment and that dynamic to be relatively consistent across the quarters. But as Don mentioned earlier, Q&A, the comp gets easier as we get from the second quarter to the third quarter. So it's less about a change in end market buyer behavior in the last three quarters of the year, and it's more the comp easing in the latter part of the year.
Patrick Hallinan: Yes, I'd start by reiterating that, we're committed to destocking 750 million to a billion for the year. And that's the commitment. And the team is working through that, given a dynamic macro environment. The reason to not change the flow throughout the first half and the second half is really, channels remain conservative as you would expect with a dynamic macro environment and relatively high short-term borrowing costs. And so, we'll continue to navigate the same environment that they're facing and achieve the year. But right now, it's just too soon to change our outlook on the first half and the second year, second half inventory changes.
Patrick Hallinan: Now, thanks for the question, Eric. Our inclination is to be more thoughtful around sales and operations planning. It is not our intent, except for around the SKU rationalization areas, it's not our intent to drive an inventory change through aggressive pricing. That is not our intent. We're going to be disciplined on pricing and we're going to be focused on improving margins throughout 2023 and beyond 2023. So we'll be addressing that, Eric, really by internal planning around production relative to sales and we'll update, the guidance as appropriate as the macro unfolds and as channel behavior unfolds.
