Kate White Vanek: Thanks so much, Kim. Good morning, everybody, and thank you, all, for joining us for the Stanley Black & Decker's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. On the call in addition to myself is John Lundgren, President and CEO; Jim Loree, Executive Vice President and COO; and Don Allan, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, which was issued yesterday after the close and a supplemental presentation, which we will certainly refer to during the call are on the Investor Relations portion of our website, stanleyblackanddecker.com. This morning, John, Jim and Don will review Stanley's third quarter results and various other topical matters, followed by a Q&A session. There is some helpful information in the appendix of the slide deck as it relates to your models. If you have questions, please contact me directly after the call.  In addition, you'll note on the cover of our PowerPoint presentation for this quarter, you'll see a barcode on the cover. You can access our DEWALT Hand Tools mobile site by downloading the free scan app available on your App Store, and you'll be able to access the site by clicking on the code from there. A replay of the call will be available beginning at 2:00 today. Replay number and access code are on the release. And as always, you can download the earnings replay as a podcast from iTunes as well, should you be interested.  We will be making some forward-looking statements during this call. Such statements are based on assumptions of future events that may not prove to be accurate. And as such, they involve risks and uncertainties. It is therefore possible that actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. And we direct you to the cautionary statements in the 8-K, which we filed with the press release and in our most recent '34 Act. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, John Lundgren.
Kate White Vanek: Great. Kim, we'd like to open up and begin our Q&A. As always, we're going to follow the one question, one follow-up model going forward.
Kate White Vanek: Kim, I believe that concludes our call today. I want to thank everybody for chiming in and joining us. As always, please contact me afterwards with questions. And thank you, all.
Donald Allan: Yes, Dan, it's Don. I would say that the pension -- just to deal with that last part, the pension contribution will be consistent with 2011, so there wouldn't be any significant increase there. As far as the free cash flow performance, we do believe we will exceed $1.1 billion next year as well, and we will have a nice working capital performance embedded in that. And I would imagine you'd see working capital turns improve about 0.5 turn in 2012 versus 2011.
Donald Allan: Michael, it's Don. I would -- we're certainly not giving specific guidance yet, but to give you a little bit of an indication of our thought process. Certainly, we've seen about 3.5% organic growth in 2011 and about 50 basis points of that is coming from revenue synergies. As we go into 2012, we would expect that the revenue synergy number to increase a little bit from a percentage point as we go into the year, so somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points coming from revenue synergies. Combining that, we do expect emerging markets around the world to grow from a market growth perspective and gaining share, not really duplicating what I'm describing around revenue synergies. So that's going to give us some growth. And then our belief right now is we're going to continue to see some of the softness that we've seen in Europe continue next year. So maybe a little bit of a retraction for the first part of the year and a stabilization and flat performance in the back half. And then the U.S. will be similar, I think, in that regard. What we've seen this year will continue or what we've seen in the back half will continue into next year. So the mature markets, we wouldn't expect much growth, in some cases, a little bit of a retraction. And then a lot of our growth is going to come from emerging markets and revenue synergies. And that's our current thought process.
Donald Allan: Sure, Stephen, it's Don. I'd be happy to talk about that. Obviously, I think as you're aware and many folks are, we are monitoring POS and weeks on stocks on hand on a regular basis. So we get that information for our major customers, and we're always monitoring to make sure that we're not getting ahead of ourselves from an inventory perspective. Right now, where we are, we feel comfortable where inventory levels are. We tend to want them to be somewhere between on average, 10 to 12 weeks of inventory on hand in our major customers. And you may have small pieces that deviate from that range. But overall, if we're in that range, we feel reasonably comfortable with the levels of inventory. Additionally, we're always listening to any signals from our customers as to whether there's change in thought process of levels of inventory that they may want to maintain. At this stage, we're not aware of anything that would cause a concern in that light. Our inventories are at the right level based on the range I provided, as well as we're not hearing any signals from our customers that, that's a particular initiative or set of actions they may be considering or evaluating.
Donald Allan: Dennis, it's Don. As far as the fourth quarter rate goes, I mean, I think if you look at the third quarter, it's indicative of what you're going to probably see in the fourth quarter roughly. As far as long term, I believe that this can be a 15% segment from an operating margin perspective. It will require continued execution on the cost synergies. It will require price discipline around inflationary environments et cetera. And of course, the most important thing, it will definitely need to be able to provide continual new products into the marketplace like it's done over the last 12 to 18 months than frankly both companies have done over the last several decades. So those are the keys to being successful and being a market leader with the powerful brands that we have in that particular sector. And when economic market growth comes, and it will some day, I just don't know when, there's no doubt in my mind it will be above 15% operating margin.
Donald Allan: Jason, it's Don. What I said was we expect to achieve $1.1 billion next year. So we didn't actually give a specific number. We just expect it to be higher. As we finalize our guidance in January and provide more detailed insight, we'll give more specifics about what we think that number is. But to your point about working capital, I think there -- and Jim mentioned it in his presentation, there's a great deal of opportunity to continue to drive working capital benefit. And Jim indicated $0.5 billion of assets that can be freed up from legacy Black & Decker over the next 2 to 3 years. We would expect a portion of that number to be achieved in 2012, and then the vast majority, the remainder of it in 2013 and maybe part of '14.
Donald Allan: Ken, it's Don. If you think about going back to November of 2009 when we announced the transaction, we had a view of the top line that was very little growth, about 2% or so, 2% or 3% and we had $350 million of cost synergies and we haven't provided any estimates of revenue synergies at that point. Subsequent to what's happened, since then and the last almost coming up on 2 years, I guess, of the announcement in the next month, we've increased our cost synergies to $485 million on an annualized basis for 2013. We've got revenue synergies of $300 million to $400 million. And frankly, the top line growth has been a little bit stronger than that 2% number that you were talking, not a lot. So you have a little bit of that going on as well. Offsetting some of those positive things, as we certainly didn't expect the commodity inflationary environment we had in 2011. We've been able to mitigate that partially with the price increases we talked about throughout the year and today. But we had a vision of being $5 EPS and $1 billion free cash flow in year 3. We're achieving over $1 billion free cash flow this year and we're over $5 EPS this year. So we're certainly well ahead of schedule based on the items that I kind of laid out and feel very pleased with where we are in the current state of the integration.
Donald Allan: I think Jim touched on this, and I believe he was answering a question earlier on. We will continue to evaluate if we're looking at a U.S. acquisition, the alternative of doing a share repurchase. That being said, our cash is all overseas. And so for us to do that, we have to pay a tax and that really makes it very difficult hurdle when you're measuring against the potential acquisition. I don't foresee a great deal of share repurchase in the short and medium-term, but that's something we continue to evaluate as market conditions, in particular the equity markets, seem to fluctuate and have volatility.
James M. Loree: Yes, this is Jim. The way we constructed the promotional activity, it was essentially a one-quarter phenomenon. Now we also have some promotional activity in the fourth quarter. This time, it will be in the Consumer Power Tools business and much more so than the Professional as you get into the seasonal aspects of Consumer Power Tools and the gifts and so forth, that tends to be more in their fairway. Beyond that, it really remains to be seen what happens with the competitive backdrop in terms of pricing. All our competitors have, like we have, faced significant price inflation. We raised our prices, they didn't for the most part. So we're going to be just kind of stepping back and observing, and we'll see what happens with respect to that and we will do what we have to do to maximize our share and our profitability.
James M. Loree: Yes. And I would just like to follow up, and this is Jim, to say that as we look at an acquisition at this point in time, we're looking at trading that up against a share repurchase. And as you saw in the quarter, we bought $100 million more than we had previously planned because of the opportunistic price that we felt was on the table. And we will continue to make that evaluation on an ongoing basis. When you're trading for 6x EBITDA, it's hard to get your head around paying 11x or 12x or 10x or 9x even for something, unless the synergies are so rich that after the implementation, you get to a point where you're at or near the market multiple of the company. So it's a tougher decision. It's a more thoughtful decision right now as it relates to whether we buy our own stock or whether we buy another company. Now in this case of international acquisitions, as John mentioned, that will probably be our focus. The pipeline is certainly strong there and the obvious benefit from that strategically is there. But you also have the opportunity to use international cash that otherwise could not be deployed in favor of share repurchase. So it's the U.S. acquisitions that really get the tough scrutiny as to whether we should do them or not in the face of what I just described.
James M. Loree: And If I could just take it to a very tactical level, the impact from the promotions from a revenue perspective in CDIY might have been somewhere between 1% and 2% of sales in the quarter. And our estimation is that the market was probably slightly negative. And so that probably just got us right up to about flat. And anything beyond that was driven by new product introductions.
James M. Loree: And we can say the same thing for Asia as well. You grow into Asia, you grow into Latin America, you grow into mix and the higher margin.
James M. Loree: This is Jim. Certainly, we're very encouraged by what we have purchased. And what I will tell you is that if there's any governor on sales right now with CRC-Evans, it is the onshore business in North America. And the onshore business in North America has been characterized by -- especially at 48-inch pipeline in that segment, which is our sweet spot, has been characterized by bureaucratic, unnecessary delays that are related to environmentalists, government, et cetera. And it's incredibly frustrating. There are all sorts of opportunities, the Keystone Pipeline being the biggest that could really drive tens of millions of dollars of revenue and many jobs for this country. And unfortunately, it's delayed. Now it looks like it might be breaking loose. And if it does, it will be a great market for us. In the meantime, we're not sitting still. We have -- actually, I'd say the integration has helped these folks in terms of their product development strategy because where the action is today is in the less than 48-inch pipeline. We are completely redeveloping products that are suited for that particular market, but that's unfortunately a couple of quarters out before we really get the benefit of that. So the shale and those types of things, it's all going to be a narrow pipeline. So when we get prepared to serve that market, it's also going to be very strong for us. And then finally, the offshore business, which is really the outstanding part of this business that we have made so much progress in over the last year, winning accounts with the 2 major pipeline suppliers in the world on the offshore basis. We have a terrific value proposition with welding, coating, pipe laying, inspection and so forth. We've gained market share. We've had many, many wins around the world, and that will be coming next year in force. It's a $30 million business today. We expect it to be $100 million to $200 million within a couple of years, and next year will be a very significant growth from offshore. So no matter what happens in the onshore business, we're going to get great growth from the offshore. If we can get the products configured to the smaller diameter pipelines and if the government can get off dead center here and get going with the Keystone project and some other major projects, I think we'll be in great shape.
James M. Loree: It's interesting when you look at what are the risks to our revenue line from a double dip, for example. Let's say that Europe were to drive a double dip in a global sense. The construction market today accounts for about 2/3 of our revenues when you take into account both resi, non-resi and I include DIY in that and commercial. I don't know how much less construction could go on. We're approaching very close to 0. So now could you have inventory corrections? Yes, but they tend to be temporary. So there could be some volatility in some quarters. On the Industrial side, if I go back to 2009 and think back to the implosion that we had in Industrial, driven primarily by inventories, our Industrial production globally was down 2 or 3, 4 points and volume in Industrial was down 20 to 30 points. And that was characteristic across the industrial universe. That could happen again. So as we look at it, we have a reasonable amount of confidence that they will get their act together in the EU, over time. I think most people have a reasonable level of confidence that they will. Nothing happens quickly because there's so much consensus that needs to be built. But if, for some reason, the wheels come off, this is a management team that took this company through the 2008, 2009 downturn, which was gut-wrenching successfully, and we will do it again. And we will use exactly the same approach, which is we will resize the cost structure to line up with the revenues that we will be looking at, at the time. And we will go on the offense during that timeframe and we will take actions to position the company for success, both within the downturn and as we come out of the downturn. Do we think that's going to happen? Absolutely not. Are we cognizant that it could happen and it's more than the de minimis probability? Absolutely, and we're ready for it.
James M. Loree: Yes. And I think we clearly are getting some help from the market, no question, a couple of points of help from the market. It's been in auto repair with the aging fleet in this country has been a good market, not spectacular but solid. And so that's helped. But I think underlying that, the industrial markets have been healthy as well. In certain segments, such as automotive OEM, for example, in aerospace and some other key segments for that business. So we've had some market tailwinds. But I think the biggest positive thing going on in IAR North America and around the globe is the emergence of that business as a global platform, being run as a global platform as opposed to a series of smaller business units that were not coordinated. And the single biggest benefit from that has been leveraging the product development from the FACOM group based in Europe and driving new products into Mac Tools. And then from a Proto perspective, I think we benefited greatly from its strength in some of the verticals such as petrochem and aerospace and some other verticals that have been strong around the globe. And taking the Black & Decker and Stanley-merged global distribution structure and leveraging Proto across the globe into the emerging markets in other areas around the world, that shows up in North America because it's Proto. And Proto shows up in North America today. I think that's helped as well. So it's been a combination of market strength, and at the same time, I think, improved execution in this business, deriving primarily from changing the business model to be a globally coordinated business with product development centered in Europe and driven into various markets around the world.
John F. Lundgren: Sure, Jim, this is John. We always have an appetite, as those who follow the company know, because historically, between 50% and 2/3 of our free cash has gone to acquisitions. That being said, those who follow us will also know we're very disciplined in terms of our credit rating, financial hurdles for acquisitions and our organizational capacity, all of which will come into play. Our 5 strategic growth platforms remain the same. We've been pretty public with what they are: Convergent, Mechanical, Security, Engineered Fastening, Healthcare and Infrastructure. There is a good pipeline. I think the important thing to know is the majority of that pipeline is outside the U.S., number one, and in very high-growth emerging markets, number two. But 2 things importantly there, those do take longer to incubate, many are private companies and we need to be quite comfortable that we have both the financial and organizational capacity with the cash we generate, as well as with the people we can put on the field before we pursue one. So our strategy remains the same. Our financial discipline remains the same. Organizational capacity remains a discipline. The focus is on those 5 areas. And from a geographic perspective, it's in very high-growth markets. And I guess, I'd go so far to say it won't be in the first half of the year where you see something game-changing and that we don't feel that we have either the organizational or financial capacity to do that.
John F. Lundgren: Sure. I'll take it, and Jim should feel free to follow up. Couple 3 that are in the marketplace, so we're quite comfortable talking about it. I'll start with Latin America first. The fact that we're producing and selling Stanley-branded Hand Tools in Uberaba. That's our plant in Brazil, our legacy BDK plant, with a tremendous adjacent distribution center, where historically Stanley ran a very high-priced import model. It was subject to 18% plus tariff. So Stanley Hand Tools produced in Latin America, sold in Latin America through a well-established Black & Decker distribution channel, jumps right out as probably the biggest one, Jim. The second one bring to mind is things like DEWALT Hand Tools at a large domestic customer, which of course could not have been done under the previous regime. DEWALT is an incredibly powerful brand name, but Black & Decker didn't have the capability to produce or source hand tools that would merit the quality and performance that would merit the DEWALT name or they would've done that on their own a long time ago. That's the second example. Third, just in distribution. Jim mentioned the Mac aficionados. I think most people on the phone understand how the Mac model works. They're essentially franchisees. And while they drive Mac trucks, everything on their truck isn't Mac. The fact that a Mac distributor has DEWALT power tools on his truck, you can only imagine the competitive advantage that gives them and the opportunity that is for the Mac sales folks, which has really helped improve their top line as well as their bottom line. So those are 3 that are in the marketplace, more to come. But we're really pleased with the traction it's gaining and the results that those synergies are generating.
John F. Lundgren: Sure, Mike, a fair question. I think I fear you misinterpreted Jim's comments. And I'm really glad you asked the question to give us a chance to clarify. Essentially, none of that growth came from promotion. Let me break the power tools. The overwhelming majority of that increase came because we had tremendous sell-through on the 12-volt lithium-ion Max product and tremendous pipeline and sell-in on the really, really well-accepted 18- and 20-volt. That's where the overwhelming majority of the lift came. It's where we got the pricing. And of course, we have to announce pricing -- not have to, but we chose to announce pricing across the entire Professional Power Tool line and sell-in and sell-through of those at higher prices was terrific. The promotion that we talked about, recall that's still a very large part of our franchises in the older nickel cadmium technology. And the point Jim made is a very important one. It's a high-performing product, but the reason lithium-ion is growing so much is the charge lasts longer and it is greener. It's also a lot more expensive. So there are folks who are looking at good performance for a good price, who want the NiCad but we're required to promote it more heavily than the lithium-ion product. And then the last point that Jim raised, remember the Black & Decker brand, which is very powerful, is less focused at the professional user as opposed to the DIYer, and it's also a very, very important gift item. It's one of the few brands and products in our line that has any seasonality at all. They are very popular Christmas gifts for dad, for granddad, for the child with a new apartment or a new home. And so there is some fourth quarter seasonality historically promoting of the Black & Decker Consumer Power Tool brand. Having said all that, we will maintain or continue to grow share. We will not be at a price disadvantage or premium to our competitors. We are the market leader and as a consequence, behave like the price leader. And if we're out there alone, we'll promote to get back to competitive market prices. And if we're not, we will continue to gain share at higher prices. And I think that's the best guidance we can provide you. We look at this daily, not quarter-to-quarter or in the rearview mirror. I think, so you don't get cut off, another very important point to make, we've talked about this on previous calls, our pricing center of excellence works very closely with our global sourcing organization to see inflationary increases long before they show up in product costs, so our SBU managers know they're coming, can either reengineer or condition the sales force for the need to take a price increase, so we get out ahead of it. The result, at the end of the day, we're in an industry where historically, real prices have declined 1% to 2% a year for the last 10 years. Gross margins are about 35%. If you didn't somehow, between productivity and price, get 3% a year, your margins would decline. Our margins are not declining. In fact, they're growing. So it suggests a combination of price and productivity has historically and will continue to deliver well above industry average margins. And we think we have the programs and processes in place and look at it closely enough to carry that forward for the next 12 months.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, we actually put that in the presentation. And we'll say this much, it's a very fair question, and it's an important answer. It is above line average margin. We are not going to get more granular than that on this call for obvious reasons. But when it's growing that fast, a very logical and fair question is: Are you growing volume up at the expense of share and margin? We are really pleased due to a combination of premium products and a very competitive cost position due to a world-class manufacturing facility and a good local management team that the entire business in Latin America is above our line average for each specific segment.
John F. Lundgren: Sam, this is John. So you don't get cut off and you're able to ask a second question, I'll add 2 things. First of all, Jim Loree is not running for public office. He's too valuable as a senior executive at Stanley Black & Decker as much as we think he'd make a wonderful government official. Second, probably equally important point, simply for us, this is a very lumpy business that we're getting used to. You know our business well and in our Industrial platform, about 80% of what we do is made to stock. It comes out of a customer's maintenance budget. It's no less predictable than our CDIY business. Infrastructure, in general, but Hydraulics and CRC in particular, these are generally big numbers, big projects, and quite frankly, depending on when they're executed, when they're completed and when they hit the P&L, if we have $400 million business, it isn't $100 million a quarter. It's $70 million, one quarter and $130 million, the next. And I think it's important that as we look at it, that we understand that. And we're looking at longer-term trends because the orders, they tend to come in much bigger numbers and bigger chunks. And as a consequence, it's just a lumpier business than 80% of what we do.
John F. Lundgren: Yes. Well, it's a business that needs to, like any and all of our businesses, needs to earn its cost of capital to remain a valuable part of our portfolio. And what I'm able to say at this stage, Sam, is it took a tremendous bowshot in the first quarter, lost 20-plus percent of its business. Since then, it's recovered very, very nicely. They've got a very sound strategy in place. We're looking at the business hard to can it, in fact, recover to the levels of profitability and ongoing strategic position that it can remain part of our portfolio. And if not, as you know, we're fairly dispassionate about these things. And if it can't and we make the decision long term that it won't, it will no longer be part of our portfolio. Jury's still out at this stage, but stay tuned and we'll keep you updated.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, Jason, it's John. I mean, it's early days, I think, in fairness to be projecting cash flow. We had a lot of discussion as to what we wanted to say about 2012, but we thought it would help you and everybody on the phone. But I'm quite comfortable saying that remember, a meaningful percentage of the entire management team of Stanley Black & Decker's incentives in measurement is based on cash conversion. So you know it's a focal point for the company. But I think on the same token, taking $100 million or $200 million out of working capital, out of inventory specifically, year in, year out, is not a 2-foot putt straight uphill. There are a lot of moving pieces. And I'm very comfortable with SFS, the traction it's gaining. But the last thing anybody should do, including this management team or anybody on the phone is take it for granted that, that goes on in perpetuity. So there's arguably some thoughtful conservatism in the guidance that Don's giving. And we'll get more granular on that on our first quarter call, and obviously, on the fourth quarter results in January. But your question's a fair one. But I think we're where we need to be for the time being.
John F. Lundgren: Jason, everything you mentioned and approximately 15 things you haven't, some of which are far greater impact, some of which are less, are what went into our thinking as we put our preliminary numbers together. It is really too early to talk about each and every one, not because we won't, it's because we don't think we have a better view than you do. Everything you said and everything we've thought about is baked into the 3.5% global organic growth that in mid-October 2011 is our best guess off a base from where we think we will depart 2011.
John F. Lundgren: Ken, we're not going to talk about specific competitors on our call. We never have and never will. But Jim can give you a very granular perspective on what's going on, and it's all good.
John F. Lundgren: And Ken, I'll add because you'll get cut off. From a qualitative perspective, we're very pleased. It's as simple as that. Starting at the board level, the way the expertise from the 2 boards have come together. We just finished the board meeting and you have to stop and think who was the legacy Stanley director, who was the Black & Decker director. Corporate headquarters is in New Britain, Connecticut. Stanley was the prevailing company. That makes sense. We're running our CDIY business from Towson, Maryland, the entire CDIY-wide business, that's where Black & Decker Power Tools is headquartered. We run the entire Security business from Indianapolis. We run our IAR business, as Jim said, as a global platform from Brussels, Belgium in a neutral site. And if you sit in a meeting, whether it be a strategy review, a budget review or a quarterly review, we're at the stage where you have stop and think that the person presenting was legacy Stanley or legacy Black & Decker. I would tell you and Mark Mathieu, our Senior Vice President of Human Resources, would tell you that's the acid test beyond the numbers, how it's coming together. And less than 2 full years into it or exactly 2 years post-announcement, I feel very good as the CEO of this company where we are. That being said, I feel equally passionate that we need to continue at the same pace to truly differentiate this company from its competitors. And that's what we intend to do.
John F. Lundgren: David, this is John. In the interest of everybody, Don has done that and so maybe we could check the transcript that simply said, "We don't think it's going to get any worse." And when the global CDIY and construction market was down 75%, our unit volume was down 15%. So we just don't see step function changes due to a 2% or 3% softening in European GDP. It's 23% of our business. We've got meaningful platforms with all 3 businesses. I mean, round numbers. We've got $800 billion Security business, CDIY business and Industrial business. So it's a 3-legged stool. So I don't want to be cavalier and hopefully, I don't sound that way about the macroeconomic conditions in Europe. There's nothing we can do to control it. We spend our time worrying about the things and focusing on the things over which we do have some control and making sure we have contingency plans, as Jim described in great detail. Were it to get really bad, what we would do about it? So as a consequence that macroeconomic conditions in Europe had a more than 100 or 200 basis point negative impact on our top line, we would adjust our cost structure accordingly to deliver our earnings commitment.
