Kate White Vanek: Thanks so much, John and good morning, all and thank you for joining us for the Stanley Black & Decker Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. On the call, in addition to myself, are: John Lundgren, President and CEO; Jim Loree, Executive Vice President and COO; and Don Allan, Senior Vice President and CFO. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, which was issued after yesterday's close and a supplemental presentation, which we'll refer to during the call are available on the IR portion of our website, stanleyblackanddecker.com. This morning, John, Jim and Don will review Stanley's second quarter results and various other topical matters, followed by a Q&A session. There is also some very helpful information in the appendix of the slide deck as it relates to your models in particular. If you have any sort of questions, please contact me. Replay of the call will be available beginning at 2:00 p.m. today. Replay number and the access codes are in our press release. And as a reminder, you can download the earnings replay as a podcast from iTunes. As always, please feel free to contact me with any sort of follow-up questions after today's call.  We will be making some forward-looking statements during this call. Such statements are based on assumptions of future events that may not prove to be accurate and as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. It is therefore possible that actual results may differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. We direct you to the cautionary statements and Form 8-K, which we filed with the press release and our most recent '34 Act. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, John Lundgren.
Kate White Vanek: Time for Q&A, all. John, our operator will be kicking it off and as always, we'll follow the one question and one follow-up routine.
Kate White Vanek: Hi, Will. This is Kate. First, I'm going to point you to the appendix of our investor overview, which is always on our website. That has the breakdown by segment and by business of our exposures to residential construction. So as of 2010 pro forma, about 20% of total Stanley was residential, 28% was other residential, meaning sort of outdoor, repair, remodel. Second, we're not going to be in the business of predicting the housing rebound, and I think you understand. And I think if we were, we would be embedding it in our guidance and having a lot more conviction behind it. But that's not the stance that we're going to take today.
John Lundgren: Yes, Eric, this is John. I'll kick it off and Don will give you a little more granularity. From 36,000 feet, we're absolutely holding to that recovery. We're getting a little less price than we'd anticipated, and one of the reasons we're getting a little less in CDIY is inflation is abating or the -- if you will, the escalation has slowed down, so we're getting a little less second-half inflation compared to where we left off. So all in, the 80% is still good. But I'll let Don give you a little more granularity.
John Lundgren: I guess any of us could take that. The pipeline is really full but the playbook will be the same. We will look at both financial capacity and organizational capacity. The beauty of Niscayah, as we pointed out, it's primarily a foreign acquisition made with foreign cash, extraordinarily good use of a somewhat dormant resource. That, in and of itself, would make it a good deal. The fact that it's highly strategic, it's been a coveted asset and it's quite accretive makes it an even better deal. We'll still have plenty of cash. If it's a business and a geography that will not interfere with the integration of either of those businesses, we could still opt -- unlikely, this year's 2/3 is over from an M&A perspective, unlikely, we could execute -- would execute anything else this year. But we'll start the meter running again as we look forward to next year. The pipeline is quite full. The only change in environment that I know you're well aware of is with financing being relatively inexpensive. Private equity or financial sponsors are far more meaningful part of any competition for good assets than perhaps they were 2 or 3 years ago when we did the Black & Decker deal. But it's a robust environment with a lot of opportunity. Jim, may want to add something.
John Lundgren: I guess, I'll say 2 things. It should be obvious that the markets grossly undervaluing both our Tools and Security business, but I would argue that those of us on this side of the call are biased. Look, Security at legacy Stanley grew from nothing to almost 40% of our revenues. And Jim, Don and I spend a lot of time talking about that and with the board. And we always felt that if it got to 50% of our revenues, and wasn't being valued properly, we'd think about some alternatives for it. With the acquisition or merger of Black & Decker, Security has slipped back to less than 25% of the business. With Niscayah, it will be about 30%. So you can argue just based on market multiples, we have an 11x or 12x EBITDA business trapped inside a 7x or 8x company. We would all argue that's a very, very high-class problem, because we're -- were it to be -- come to a point where it's a stand-alone company that would be valued higher. We'd create a tremendous value for our shareholders and it's something we'd have to talk about. It's the furthest thing from our minds as we speak right now. We love our business. It's a very important part of a diversified portfolio that served us so well through the last economic downturn, while our Tools business was down 15% to 20% on an organic volume basis, and not quite as much in terms of earnings because we took out some cost. The Security business stayed flat in terms of volume, increased in terms of earnings and it's what makes us, we think, a reliable and a valuable diversified industrial company. That's the place we want to be and our board wants us to be. But every year, we go through a strategic planning exercise with our board. It's one of the things we talk about. Right now, Security is as I'd say, 25% going to about 32% of our revenue with Niscayah. We love the business. We love having it as part of our portfolio, and we're always open to considering various alternatives. Securitas, I might add, and they've been public with this, had the same thought 5 years ago, a guarding business, a monitoring business and a residential security business, based upon 2 of the model but it didn't work very well for them. So it's not magic but if you take essentially high EBITDA multiple business and spit it out and put it on its own, that you've created wealth overnight due to financial engineering. If it was that simple and straightforward, we have an incredibly capable and savvy Board of Directors, and I think a pretty good business development team and a lot of good financial advice, we would have done it 5 years ago. It didn't make sense then, doesn't make sense now, but it's certainly something, Sam, that we will always look at, always consider at the present time.
John Lundgren: And Michael, I'll just add to that, because you'll get cut off, because it was your follow-up that's up. As you know -- you know our Security business so well. We're heavily skewed towards retail but working very hard to diversify into 6 other verticals that we're actively pursuing. Retail simply isn't getting much worse. It's been bad. It's hit bottom. And I'm not suggesting a rebound there, but to Jim's point, all the positives that Jim has talked about, which are modest but in the right direction, are not being offset to the extent by retail declines as they have been in the prior 4 or 5 quarters.
John Lundgren: And I'll take -- I'll just take the second part, on the cannibalization, which I think is a very logical question. Jim touched on it. Remember, DeWalt hand tools are available in one large big-bucks customer, primarily the staff [ph] channel. Stanley hand tools were significantly underdeveloped in the staff [ph] channel. That's why this was a tremendous revenue synergy opportunity to Jim's point and there's not much to cannibalize to be very candid, which is why that was the -- a; the product line, and b; the channel of focus on where we wanted to introduce this high-quality product with obviously a terrific brand name to support it.
John Lundgren: Yes. Dennis, this is John. I think we've been pretty public and granular. Inventory is not at dramatically low levels, although our data tells us that at the larger customers, we won't name any by name, we're down about 1.5 weeks from historical level and that's arithmetic. That did have an adverse impact, particularly in our HHI channel, and to a modest extent, in hand tools. We're not going to go through inventory by SKU or by product line, but in general, as you know, we get good TOS data from our 7 largest customers, and we get it almost realtime. And we're down about 1.5 weeks from what I think we would agree with our customers are historically optimal levels. To the extent, they keep it there. That won't come back, to the extent, they rebuild. There'll be a little bit of a lift in the second half. We've built no lift based on inventory rebuild into our forecast because we think our customers, just as we do, are getting better managing their supply chains with a little less inventory. We know, historically, when it went from about 12 to 8 weeks, they were out of stocks all over the place. That was neither good for vendors or customers. But to think over time, retail inventories could come down a week or so, which is 8%. Of course, it varies a lot by category. And turns would increase and out-of-stocks wouldn't. That's quite feasible. And so we've built no lift into the numbers going forward. But it clearly did have an impact in the first half of the year, in general, and the second quarter in particular.
John Lundgren: That's -- yes. Our best estimate is yes. 1 to 1.5 weeks across the big bucks is going to [indiscernible] . That's right.
John Lundgren: And I think, Nicole, just another point, we talked about inflation abating. It's true. To Don's point, as they ask for more data and we provide it, most folks are focusing on steel which is, without question, the biggest single commodity with which we deal, resins' import, et cetera. But if anybody has looked at rare earth metals lately, they're up 600%, 700%. Now, that being said, they're a tiny piece of costs, but it's important as it relates to power tools. And our customers understand that because they source those products directly themselves. So to Don's point, the data's there to support the increases. What Jim said is absolutely right, we can't have 3 sets of prices in the marketplace, so we either raise the prices or don't ship. And we've been here before and we don't expect much of a fallout from where we are.
John Lundgren: Yes. I guess I'll start, Todd -- Pete. It did improve but I'd like to feel better about it. We predicted it. It improved from an extraordinarily low base in the first quarter, which Don -- I don't think could have been more clear to say we considered it an aberration. We said what we thought contributed to it, specifically, a lot of softness in MAS and the mechanical locking subsegments of the business. And it isn't so much that second quarter was terrific. Second quarter was a terrific improvement off a low base and quite frankly, we felt sanity was restored to our margins rather than we did something special.
John Lundgren: And CDIY is about 80% of the inflation. So you can figure out where the pricing action is most aggressive.
Donald Allan: Yes, Eric. I mean, we are comfortable that we will see an 80% recovery as indicated in the back half of the year. There's been a lot of moving parts and dynamics associated with inflation and price. The vast majority of our price increases are in place, although we still have a few smaller ones that we're negotiating over this month. But by the end of July, we feel comfortable that all price increases will be in place. And on the inflation side, we've seen some pluses and minuses. As John alluded to, we've seen some trends that have caused production inflation and we've also seen some trends that are increasing inflation. So we're managing. We're continuing to manage that dynamic but at this point, we still feel comfortable that we'll have 80% price recovery in the back half of the year.
Donald Allan: No. Jason, this is Don. I get the question but I would say no. When you look at the components of revenue and then the profitability of those revenues and -- as well as the increased synergies and other dynamics that are changing that are pluses and minuses, it puts you roughly to the same place year-over-year expansion in operating margin.
Donald Allan: Sam, it's Don. I would say on the outdoor component, I would say the vast majority of that is behind us. As far as the European component, we do expect slightly negative performance in the back half of the year, which is what we experienced in the second quarter. So that trend will continue and contribute to the whole 1% decline that we talked about for the year.
Donald Allan: It's not like we're getting pushback, Nicole, what it is is that -- there was the profits just continual discussion on data and information sharing, trends that happen in inflation on a daily basis gets discussed. So we're at the later stages of these discussions, but it's relatively small amounts we're referring to that haven't been finalized at this point.
Donald Allan: And you are seeing the impact of the Black & Decker Stanley integration in the mechanical business as we integrate HHI into our commercial locking business. You're starting to see the synergy effect really this year and it'll continue into next year. We didn't have a lot of that last year.
Donald Allan: The whole company will add about a point of price in the back half of the year. That's going to be the best way to look at it. Yes.
James Loree: Well, this is Jim. I mean, IAR is predominantly a nonrevenue, noncost synergy story. It's really an execution story. And I'd say they've done a great job over the last year pulling that business together on a global platform basis and treating it as if it were one company instead of a series of popcorn stands. So I think that's a terrific story. Engineered Fastening, which is another part of the Industrial segment, when they went through the downturn, they dealt with severe contraction in the automotive market. And they really did a phenomenal job bringing their cost structure down even before the merger. And as the automotive market came back last year and into this year, prior to the second quarter with the Japan issues, they have kept their cost structure intact and they have a tremendous operating leverage story. So I think that is another one that we're particularly proud of. But I think you're still seeing across the portfolio, for instance, in Security, their margin growth is not driven solely by revenue -- or cost synergies. It's driven almost equally as much by a terrific story, managing productivity projects and controlling SG&A levels. So you've got those stories, I think, across the portfolio and the CDIY folks have -- are battling a lot of headwinds. But I think they, too, have managed the productivity element of the equation extremely effectively.
James Loree: I'll take it, Dan. We're not going to reveal our spending plans for competitors to jump all over or counterpunch. But simply said, if you look at SG&A, it's totally in line with expectations and with former guidance. We have very robust plans in support of those launches and one of the reasons we talked about CDIY in the second quarter margins, we really had a semi-hiatus same period a year ago, so we are comparing against a low spending base. Essentially, I'll call it brand support and product introduction support. In fact, the historical level in line with where it should be as a percentage of SG&A. And I'll go so far as to say thus far, customer acceptance and future plans we're quite -- we're very encouraged by it and we would not have gotten that level of acceptance without meaningful levels of support. But it's just not appropriate to give you any more granularity than that. And I hope you understand.
James Loree: Yes. I think just in -- to take it from a complementary but slightly different perspective, what we're basically doing here from a capital allocation perspective is taking about 1/3 of our excess capital and returning it to the shareholders in the form of dividends and repurchases and taking the other 2/3 and investing it in acquisitions that are strategically linked to our key franchises and our growth platforms, but are also able to produce cash flow return on investment returns in the 13% to 15% range over time. And we think that is a great way to create shareholder value. However, if we don't execute on the acquisitions and deliver those returns, then we could destroy value. So we're very conscious of making sure that we only invest when we are confident that we can do that, which means we have the organizational capacity to do so. And so, financial capacity, organizational capacity, getting back to what John said, is critical both from a tactical and a strategic perspective.
James Loree: Yes, I'll take it, Will, the one -- essentially, overwhelmingly, it was weather-related. We can take it off-line but the one reliable source I've seen that measures, essentially, hours available for outdoor activities through May, not through June, because the data isn't available yet, that would mean using our outdoor products, participating in various sports, et cetera, it's syndicated resource. Through May, those hours were down 26%. So if you think about -- we were down about 19% with our outdoor, that would tell us that we may even have gained a little bit of share. But the overwhelming majority, if not more than 100% of the softness, was weather-related. You don't hear us talk about weather very often. Legacy Stanley, I think the only businesses that would have -- are impacted by that are Access Technologies and to a small extent, Gate Hardware in our legacy hardware business. So this is new for the Stanley side of the merger, not new for the folks who've lived with this business for a long time. But the simple answer is I would say 100-plus percent of the shortfall was weather-related. Thus, we don't anticipate that it's going to repeat itself. That's the good news. The bad news is second quarter is always your biggest quarter, and when you get past June or July, and you haven't sold it, it's generally gone for the year.
James Loree: Well, that's an incredible amount of granularity that you're asking for. What I will say is that the RMR or the install growth was a couple of points higher than the overall line average organic growth for CSS. So we're talking kind of in the 5% to 7% range. And it was largely derived from new account acquisition. And also, I think the RMR growth was also aided by the fact that our attrition rates are coming down as well and they're in a very good place as it relates to historical performance.
James Loree: I think the state and municipal markets continue to be horrendous. I think we're seeing good in the multifamily, we're clearly seeing some positives. Education is stronger than it has been. Healthcare, slightly stronger. So we're -- that's kind of where we're seeing from a vertical perspective, the better performance. And the order rates are in excess of the install growth. So I mean, they're doing well from an order perspective and our job now is to convert that in the back half of the year.
James Loree: Sure. I'll take the first part of your question, for sure. It's Jim. I clearly believe that the overall market was negative, modestly negative for both Power Tools and Hand Tools in the quarter. And the reason I think that we had strong double-digit performance in Professional Power Tools and solid single-digit performance in Consumer Power Tools is primarily a result of the new product introductions and share gains in cordless that are derived from the 12-volt that we did last year and the 18-volt that we are just beginning to introduce now. So this is not surprising to us that we're performing well in this regard. We expect to continue to perform well. And so really, the market which was exacerbated by the weak European performance down, I'd say, a couple of points. And then with the hand tools and fastening number of minus 1%, probably would've been minus 2% to 3% had it not been for the revenue synergies that are being pursued, selling hand tools through power tool channels that existed with legacy Black & Decker, especially in Latin America but also in Europe now. So I think that's certainly a driver. And then of course, the DeWalt power -- hand tool line, which really didn't have a huge impact in the quarter, but I think we'll continue to see progress in -- as the year develops, and we take that across the U.S.
James Loree: Ken, this is Jim again. The big difference between Niscayah and our business is they both have pretty strong recurring revenue. I think we're about 50%, they're about 40%, but only 10% of their revenue derives from monitoring and we're substantially higher than that, at least double that. And the monitoring business is by far and away the most profitable part of the recurring monitoring business. But the other recurring revenue is service revenue. And I would offer that, I think, Niscayah does a fantastic job signing up their customers for service. And I think we could learn from them actually in the U.S. and take some of what they're doing with respect to their contract service and leverage our service base even more effectively. I think that one of the problems that they have is that, given some of their historical constraints, they haven't been able to really size their service fleet in accordance with their level of demand. So there's opportunity all over the place for both Niscayah and for us to learn from each other and to make our entire enterprise even more profitable.
James Loree: And frankly, we have no choice but to finalize them. So we've implemented the price increases across the rest of the channels so that they will come at the home centers and we will work through that.
James Loree: Yes. Well, we are investing in the business, so contribution margin is one way to look at it, but that assumes that SG&A is steady-state and that's just not the case. We're -- in the Industrial business, we're investing in new products. You're going to see an absolutely stunning new air tool introduction, the first industrial power tool -- air tool that will be introduced here in the next few weeks, in about 15 years in the industry. So just -- those types of things are going on. And we're spending money on advertising and sales promotion and working the emerging markets aggressively. So you can't just take the contribution margin of that. Some of that has to fuel growth.
James Loree: Well, we're not going to give that level of detail, but there definitely will be 1 point or 2 of price in the mix. And then beyond that, it's going to be volume driven.
James Loree: They're across both CSS and MAS. And as I said, when I gave my comments, there were 3 principal factors that drove the earnings growth in security. One of them was synergies, one of them was productivity projects and the last one was SG&A control. Those are the 3 things that drove the profit growth.
