Jeffery Ansell: Thank you, Don. I would like to provide a few more points on the Tools & Storage performance for the year, including updates on our strategic brand partnerships for Craftsman and Stanley. We closed 2018 with high single-digit organic growth enabled by record-setting new product launches, best-in-class commercial partnerships and integration excellence. As evidence, Irwin, Lenox and Waterloo have delivered double-digit organic growth since becoming part of Stanley Black & Decker. Adding to the strong acquisitive performance is Craftsman, which is exceeding both our and our customers' expectations. We're on track to $1 billion in revenue growth by 2021, 7 years ahead of schedule. This progress is being driven by strong user acceptance. As such, we have achieved a 4.6-star rating across well over 1,000 products and outstanding in-store execution by both Lowes and Ace. We also announced last quarter that the Home Depot will now be the exclusive home improvement retailer for Stanley and Stanley FatMax Hand Tools & Storage product portfolios, both in-store and online, beginning this year. The product will begin to ship in the front half of 2019. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jim to wrap up today's presentation.
Jeffery Ansell: I think the actual range Don provided was probably 4% to 6%, said it was probably going to be a little bit on the - more towards the high side of that. So I think that's what we're looking at for the - over the course of '19. And I think you'll see that we're absolutely committed to growth in all markets. So you look at growth, we'll have growth in North America, we'll have growth in Europe, we'll have growth in the global emerging markets consistent with what we had this year. Of those 3, probably, the leading growth contender will be North America as it was in '18. But we're getting growth in both of those other places as well. And we think with that estimate, we'll grow above the market, therefore, representing market share gain again in 2019, consistent with what we had in '18.
Jeffery Ansell: Regarding the question relative to Sears. I think it's really, based on everything that has just occurred in the last two weeks, you'd say it's very much business as usual. If you look at the trend over the last, at least 36 months, that company would typically announce a closure plan following holiday sales, and that would be updated over the course of the year to include more and more stores. This year, it's not much different. So the fact that those stores will remain in operation at a lower count than the prior year, et cetera, is very consistent with what's happened in the prior years. So we expect that our Craftsman rollout will continue to take share as that presence atrophies in the marketplace. So not that different than any other prior year.
Jeffery Ansell: Maybe one last addition would be if you look at 2018, our growth was 6% to 7% in Tools in a market that grew slower than that. That market, we think, is going to be compressed by about a point this coming year, and our growth looks pretty similar to that, 5% to 6%. So our growth rates will still be accretive to market growth although the market's growing just a little bit slower. That's kind of it.
Jeffery Ansell: Maybe one other addition to what Jim just highlighted is that we said for '18, that North America outpaced Europe and global emerging markets. That is also true for '19. And in that, retail - North American retail and North American commercial, therefore, will be accretive to the overall rates we just described. So it's very consistent with 2018.
Jeffery Ansell: Maybe additionally, the POS, as we exited the holiday season continued to be quite strong. So what Don described was we did have a little bit of inventory build in the course of the quarter. Most of that was gone by the end of the year, very, very consistent with where we wanted to be at the end of the year and where we ended last year. Secondly, in terms of pull-forwards, the retailers and so forth have gotten so sophisticated, system-driven, that there's very little pull-ahead these days when you announce pricing. So that was not a big impact to the quarter.
James Loree: Okay. It's Jim, I'll start. At this point in the cycle, our plan is to kind of go in strong, stay strong and emerge stronger. And that's exactly what we did in '08, '09. If you recall, those that followed us for a long time. When we went into this, the cycle, we actually had our balance sheet in great shape and we continued to maintain as much operating margin and cash flows we could squeeze out of the company even though the revenues were down a little bit. And in '09, at the tail end of all that chaos, we actually negotiated the Black & Decker transaction and transformed the company subsequently. Now I'm not suggesting that we have any plans to do that, such a transaction, again. But what I will say is that it's really amazing when you come out of the end of the cycle and look at all the opportunities that are out there, large and small, that derived from others who had not maintained themselves in the same manner during that downward part of the cycle. So with that, debt-to-EBITDA right now is about 2.6x, and we are deleveraging this year. We may do 1 or 2 very small emerging market transactions, but that would be about it. And I'd say by the end of '19, we're going to be in really great shape from a balance sheet perspective. We are already, but even better shape, and then we'll see where we go from there.
James Loree: Okay. And on the margin enhancements, I'll give you a little appetizer. I think the main course, we'll serve up at the Analyst Meeting. But essentially, we've - as soon as we completed the work in the fourth quarter on the cost takeout, the near-term cost takeout, we said to ourselves, "Our margins are under attack from these headwinds. We need to get back what we've lost already, so that $250 million will help. But what if we get more of the same? What if we, the down - what if we go into a downturn in back half of '19 or in '20?" And so we said, "We really need to basically create some protection for, call them black swans or economic cyclical aspects." And also, our objective here is to grow our operating margins by 50 basis points a year. Obviously, that didn't happen in 2018, and we're committed to do that. So we need a way to get there. And we thought about this, and we said, "22/22, we're two years in. We've done enough deals now, and they're - every one of them is a deal that we'd do over again if we could. We love these deals. We've done enough so that we can actually see our way pretty much to 22/22 from a revenue point of view. Now let's figure out how we can make sure that we get the margin to go with it to create operating leverage so that we really get that double benefit of lots of revenue growth and margin expansion at the same time." And so we've been working a lot on different elements of digital technology and how that can be used to create value in our company, both from a value proposition point of view, in our products, in our business models, but also in our functional processes and so on. And it really occurred to us that if we could accelerate many of these things that we're working on and put some serious, accelerated focus on them, that - we started adding up the benefits from these various initiatives, like Industry 4.0, advanced analytics, Procurement 2.0 and indirect cost management, the technologies that exist today, to use analytics to really do those in a - manage those various topics in a much more efficient manner is really compelling. And so we've been experimenting with some of that, and we feel confident now that we have something that can generate hundreds of millions of dollars of benefit over a 2 to 3 year period. And we'll figure out what the exact amount is, and we'll share that with you in May. But it's a very large number and it's a very focused initiative. We're going to run it like an acquisition integration, with governance. And like I said earlier, we're going to focus on executing the growth initiatives that we already have and we're going to focus on margin expansion. And I think the combination of those two things is going to be incredibly powerful.
James Loree: And also the fact that the pricing actions are kind of accumulating over time and getting bigger every quarter sequentially. And so that has a benefit, too, especially as we get into second quarter of 2019.
James Loree: Yes. And I think we all know that the European economy had slowed quite a bit. Germany went negative, the U.K. is in chaos and confusion with Brexit, Italy is a disaster. And despite all that, our European outlook for Tools is going to decent, it'll be probably 2% to 4% kind of growth. So it's still continuing to forge ahead in Europe. And then emerging markets, we have some specific markets that are challenged right now, as almost - as we almost always do. I think in this case, Turkey is tough, Argentina is really difficult. And we had major currency devaluations in those markets, but also just the economies themselves are really difficult. So we might see a little bit slower growth in emerging markets this year than we did last year. But still, we're going to be significantly positive, and we'll be running at least 3x higher than the overall market growth.
James Loree: Okay. Well, it's Jim. I'll have Jeff handle the second question. And on the margin enhancement initiative, the benefit that we're going to see from that is going to be recognized over a 2 to 3 year period. We're going to do everything we can. We're going to work really hard to try to bring some benefit into 2019 as an insurance policy. And it's not clear that it's going to be a huge number. But I think it's - there's probably something there, and we'll go after it.
James Loree: Well, I think that we try to make it very clear that the economic backdrop is one of slowing growth, it's nothing to do with our market share. Our market share continues to outperform the market. And I think the reality is setting in, hopefully not just us, but most industrial companies are facing slower economic growth in the United States, in China, in pretty much most parts of Europe and the emerging markets. I mean, essentially the whole world except for a few bright spots like India, for example. But the reality is that economic growth that we see for 2019, and - is pretty - is probably a good point lower than it has been in the recent couple of years. And then on top of that, it's no secret that the construction markets in the United States have slowed as well. So baked into our guidance is a reality check on the slowing markets. It's not catastrophic. It's nothing that we can't handle. But our long-term growth objectives are 4% to 6%. We're putting 4% out there at a time when economic growth is slowing. Makes perfect sense to me.
James Loree: Okay. I'll take the first part. The slowing in the tools market, I think, started in the third quarter, concurrent with the interest rates increases that were being implemented by the Fed. And we saw the same thing in automotive as well, the interest rate sensitive type markets, housing, automotive, impacted by rising interest rates. And it continued in the fourth quarter. We were thinking, well, maybe it's an anomaly in the third quarter. Sometimes, you get those for a couple of months or a couple - yes, a couple of months. And it really did continue into the fourth quarter, pretty steady in the sense that it didn't get worse, it's just kind of felt a little bit more anemic in the third quarter and fourth quarter than it did in the beginning - of the first half of the year.
Donald Allan: So to your second question, Rich, on free cash flow conversion for 2019 guidance. I mentioned the two items that are resulting us being in 85% to 90%, with one being the total charge and then the other being M&A or restructuring-related payments associated with the fourth quarter charge that we took of about $100 million. So most of that cash outflow will happen in 2019. On the working capital front, we don't actually see a dramatic improvement in working capital turns in 2019 because we do have to continue to work through these brand transitions that we've discussed throughout the last year related to Craftsman, but now also related to what's happening with Stanley and Stanley FatMax in the Home Depot. And we have to make sure that we have the right level of inventory to meet the needs of our customers. And we're not going to get overly aggressive in our supply chain until we work through those transitions. So we're not counting on a dramatic improvement in working capital turns in 2019. But as I mentioned, once we work through that, we can regulate and moderate to the levels that are more historical for us and begin to work our way back to 10 turns over the next few years.
Donald Allan: First quarter margins. So yes, what it does imply, as we look at the second, third and fourth quarter, we would expect to start to see, in the Tools business, margin rate and dollar expansion year-over-year. So the first - as I mentioned, a significant amount of that net headwind of $170 million, $125 million to $135 million is happening in the first quarter. So that's a dramatic impact to the first quarter, which makes sense, given the timing of the headwinds last year.
Donald Allan: Okay, yes. Yes it's not true, Jeff. We actually expect adjusted EPS to grow because we do have a low tax rate again in the second quarter, and we had one last year, so that's - it's a bit of a headwind, but it's not a significant headwind. And we do expect OM dollars to grow year-over-year.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would say that there's certainly a point difference in growth, as you mentioned, versus just looking at the markets as they play out in the fourth quarter, and the view of U.S. housing and the automotive space for production just feels like there's still growth there, but it's slowing. So that's certainly one factor. We do have a little bit bigger tax headwind as well because we did come in lower for 2018. So that's a little bit of a headwind in addition. And then the third thing is we need to continue to monitor the impact of all the price in the markets. And like we said in October, we're putting a fair amount of price actions into the market. We're going to manage this both looking at what's the right thing to do for price and what's the right action to ensure we have the right level of volume. And we're going to manage those in concert with each other to achieve the right outcomes. So as we continue to do that, there will be a little bit of pressure probably in the margin rate versus previous expectations, and we saw that play out in the fourth quarter. But those are really the three main factors.
Donald Allan: Yes. So the cadence of the quarter is - clearly, the biggest impact in the second quarter is going to be the headwinds going down dramatically year-over-year as we begin to annualize those headwinds in the second quarter. If you remember, in 2018, we certainly vividly remember the timing of all this. But as we went into March and April, we began to see commodity prices increase. We got into May and we saw FX shift dramatically. And in then June, we saw tariffs come onto the scene. So in the second quarter, we saw significant ramp-up of the headwinds, and that continued into the third quarter. So as we get to the end of the second quarter and into July, we will have comped a lot of those headwinds. And so you look at that aspect and then you look at the impact of the cost reductions, which the impact is relatively even across the four quarters, and so it's about $60 million per year - per quarter, I'm sorry. And therefore, you got that impact, combined with a lower level of headwinds year-over-year because of that comp issue is really why we believe we can grow our operating margin in the second quarter.
Donald Allan: Yes. So I talked about net headwinds of $170 million. If you break that down a little bit, the gross headwind is about $320 million and you have an offsetting price impact of $150 million. Of that $320 million, approximately 1/2 of that is commodity inflation, so it's a significant number. We have seen positive trends around certain commodities, for sure. But we do have to remember that a lot of the commodities that we get are really engineering-grade commodities, and we haven't seen as much of a movement in those commodities versus some other more straightforward commodities, in steel in particular. So we've seen a little bit of benefit since December. And as we continue to look at this, it may continue to trend in the right direction, and it could result in an opportunity for us as the year goes on. But at this stage, we actually have not seen a dramatic movement in the commodities that we buy because we tend to buy at the higher end of the grades. And as a result, that hasn't moved as much as some of the other commodities. But the trends are positive, which we feel good about right now.
Donald Allan: Yes, I think on the leverage front, you probably have to really look at it on a volume basis versus total organic. So if you look at volume, you can use an assumption like 20%, 25%. That kind of gets you to the numbers that we're talking about. And then there's a separate price benefit that's netted in the headwinds that we've laid out for guidance and for actual results. Because we really dissected that because pricing can kind of mute the leverage numbers or change the leverage numbers quite a bit. And as a result, you're better off looking at them in those separate categories.
Donald Allan: Yes. And at the end of the day, we think that's the right thing to do for all the reasons that Jim articulated. But any chance we're wrong, the markets are a little better, then we'll all be happy. But this is the right approach, given the signals that we've seen in housing, the signals that we've seen in the automotive production space. They're all showing growth for the most part except for auto production. Looks like it's going to be down next year. But they're slowing, and we have to be realistic about what the trends are right now.
Donald Allan: And on the cost takeout side, we did get a modest benefit in the fourth quarter just because some of them were implemented through the November time frame, but it wasn't significant. And the cadence is really, as I mentioned earlier, pretty equal across the year. So it's roughly $60 million to $65 million per quarter.
Donald Allan: Yes. I wouldn't say - we don't really know if anybody pulled anything ahead for tariff reasons. So our customers don't necessarily tell us that they're doing those types of things. I would say that the inventory levels did modestly increase as we exited the year versus the previous year end, but frankly, they're not significant. It's not something that we view as a major concern as we go into the first quarter and the year.
Donald Allan: Yes, the commodity number has gone up primarily because of just some accounting dynamics on how certain things get accounted for. There's a number that's kind of hung up in inventory as we go into this year that will impact the numbers. So it's up by $40 million to $50 million versus maybe what we were thinking in the middle of last year primarily because of that dynamic. And the other thing is on the tariff side, yes, that number is correct, incremental $100 million year-over-year.
