James Loree: Thanks, Don. Yes warranty is a big part of the essence of the Craftsman brand and it will continue to do so as you point out in the future. So in summary, 2016 was a really good year for Stanley Black & Decker. Solid organic growth of 4% and a strong operating performance combined to deliver new records for EPS cash flow operating margin rate, and working capital turns. The DEWALT FlexVolt launch is a great story and it is still early days. All signs point to that momentum growing throughout 2017 and well into the future. In addition to the organic successes we reentered the M&A sphere in a decisive and exciting way announcing the acquisitions of Newell tools and Craftsman. We adhere to our strategic principles by objectively evaluating our security business ultimately deciding to divest Mechanical Locks. We executed a tax efficient transaction to do so at a great price enabling us to monetize the asset and redeploy the capital into higher growth profitability activities. Finally we’ve established 2017 guidance for EPS within a range of $6.85 to $7.05, a 7% increase at the midpoint on a solid 4% organic growth outlook. And that is without any net accretion from the announced transactions, which will be significant and additive when the deals close later in the year. And I’d like to make the point that much has been made of the FX and inflation headwinds that we are facing in 2017. Our view is that this is the best setup that we’ve had in three to four years the time when we overcame $400 million to $500 million of FX headwinds. And during that period we have maintained a consistent record of meeting or beating expectations and we see that record continuing in 2017. We expect to maintain the momentum we built in 2016 as we carry forward into this year with a FlexVolt launch still in the early stages, the security business reenergized and moving forward SFS 2.0 in full swing and the anxiously awaited additions of Newell Tools and Craftsman. 2017 promises to be another inspiring and rewarding year for Stanley Black & Decker. We remain humble and committed to driving exceptional shareholder value again in 2017. Thank you for your support and Greg we’re now ready for questions.
James Loree: Sure. We’ll start with the organic revenue kind of – if you prefer to do a cadence by quarter, I won’t go quarter-by-quarter. But I think if you think about, kind of a mid single-digit organic growth for the full-year, we actually think that the first-half will be pretty strong and be slightly above that 5%, as we have things like positive momentum on FlexVolt and some other introductions and innovations that are occurring. And then as we get closer to the end of the year, fourth quarter, particular the number probably would be slightly below 5%, that’s probably a directional trend that you can look at. As far as currency, we see a lot of that currency happening in the first-half and a much lesser amount occurring in the back-half of the year. And then the commodity side of things will be more evenly paid throughout the year. We’ll have less lumpiness to it, because a lot of that is really things that are – trend that we’ve seen emerge in the back-half of 2016 and then based on the way that a lot of our contracts are laid out that we’re rolling off in the first-half of the year. So I would say more of an even facing of that, but maybe a little bit of a tick up in the back-half.
James Loree: Well, I’d like to think it was as sophisticated as a chess board. But yes, we have some ideas. The first thrust is to continue to strengthen the franchises all three of the major franchises that we have, so security, industrial and tools. And that’s – logically why we – these assets and tools came up, we pounced, because they do make tremendous sense as consolidating transactions for us, and in effect, particularly the Newell Tools been kind of a bolt-on type – and the Craftsman being more of an organic growth machine. So when – part of this is when transactions become available in the segments that we’re in, we take serious looks. And so, for instance, in Engineered Fastening, we love to acquire something. We love that business. We don’t particularly like the – how the electronics part of it has played out. But that’s relatively small piece of it and that will be – and getting smaller as the days go on. But the automotive piece and then there’s an Aerospace segment within Engineered Fastening that we are very underweight in. That – these types of businesses that are similar to Engineered Fastening same or similar to an Engineered Fastening. So a lot of application engineering upfront, good high value added for the customer base, recurring revenue stream, and in some cases even an after-market. That that type of a business model is something that we said that we like a lot. And so if something were to come up in Engineered Fastening or on the periphery, that would be quite interesting to us. In oil and gas, the – I don’t think we’ll ever see oil and gas as a large percentage of the company. But there are some assets in oil and gas that might be attractive, especially to the extent that they enable us to diversify using some of the technologies that we are in today to diversify outside to – into process industries and maybe repair and service for some of the infrastructure in oil and gas and related areas. So that could be interesting. I think other theme that you’ll see over time is, as we develop that flexible technology, it’s going to become obvious that there’s some acquisitions that enable us to really as we go up the power curve to exploit that technology to its fullest potential So those are all things that we think about and we’ll see. We have a pretty ambitious growth goal here to double the size of the company by 2022. And we’re going to need something on the order of $5 plus-billion worth of acquisitions supplement to the organic growth to get there. And so I think you’ll see not, not anything in the near-term, because we’re in the process of digesting what we’ve already done here. But as we get into 2018, 2019, and so on, you’re liable to see something in one of those areas that I just touched upon or more.
James Loree: Sure. So, yes, there’s a change in the Newell Tools estimate. It really has to do with the financing-related activities primarily. And we – in the initial estimates, we had assumed some longer-term debt that we would put in place, short-term debt as well. But given some of the things that have occurred and how strong our free cash flow performance was exiting the year and our view on cash flow for 2017, we don’t see the need for the long-term financing right now. And therefore, the interest costs related to that transaction will be dramatically lower, not only in 2017, but on an ongoing basis. So it really kind of jumpstarts the accretion in year one and gives us an extra $0.05 to $0.10 related to that particular item. As far as Mac Tools goes, they had a solid quarter with mid single-digit organic growth, and was pretty much in line with our expectation.
James Loree: Yes. So the – I would say, if you start with the Electronics business and Engineered Fastening, yes, we’re probably going to see, it’s about a $20 million drag here in 2017 on revenue from that business and specific that customer that we referred to get down to a number on an annual basis around $50 million, maybe $45 million in that kind of range. So, as Jim mentioned, it’s becoming a much smaller component of that business on a go-forward basis, which from our perspective is a good thing. The other thing I would say a little bit and the other topic, your question you had on oil and gas in Dakota, we’re pretty much done. We don’t have any really any new revenue opportunity associated with that. We were part of the pipeline constructed leading up to what occurred over this summer and to the fall. And so there’s really not a lot of new revenue opportunity for us on that particular pipeline. And then you meant, you also had a question of profitability of the overall segment. It was really impacted by what I touched on, which was clearly there’s a deleveraging effect of the top line impacted, just we’re not able to take enough actions to offset that impact and that’s really the main driver of it.
James Loree: Yes we import a lot into the United States, there is no question about that. That’s pretty much the standard model in the tool industry, which is an important model into developing countries for the most part. Now, we have differentiated ourselves over the past few years by ramping up our U.S. presence much more aggressively than our competition has. And so today we have 3,000 employees manufacturing tools in the United States and 11 plants and we’ve always had a fairly significant manufacturing infrastructure in the U.S. selling into the U.S., but it is getting bigger and it’s going to get even bigger because whether or not any of those proposed concepts are implemented or not, it’s making more sense to have that U.S. presence because in the market the folks that are buying the tools, the end-users really like those tools that are made in the United States for US tradesmen and so on. So you’ll see a continued growth in our U.S. manufacturing base with the Craftsman deal, we’re going to open up a new plant in the United States location to be determined, it’s going to be very highly technologically equipped so that it can produce the highest quality tools at the best cost in the world, and we’re excited about that, it will become a showcase plan and when you look at the competition in the industry they are all going to play catch up. There is one other company, I mentioned this on the Craftsman call that is a competitor of ours, but not in the core of our business, but in the auto mechanics and industrial business, they compete with us. They also have a great U.S. manufacturing infrastructure. The rest of them are going to be playing catch up.
James Loree: Well let Don start with the two questions that you gave him and then I’ll hit the acquisition question.
James Loree: Okay and then as it relates to bolt-ons, as Don said there isn’t all lot of cash to start with left after the – capacity left after the deals that we’ve announced, but I would say if we were to see some bolt-ons – smaller ones as you point out aggregating no more than 100 to 200, you know that might be a possibility that would be played against the buybacks so that’s kind of where we are. We think our our culture as bold and agile, but yet thoughtful and disciplined and I think we’ve demonstrated the bold and the agile part and the thoughtful part and the discipline part as it relates to the negotiation of these transactions and the deal execution and now we need to demonstrate that as it relates to the integration part of it. So, it will not make a whole lot of sense to do anything in addition to what we’ve done this year in a large scale, and we’ll get the integration is right, we’ll get the Newell Tools safely assimilated into our company, and providing the accretion we will get Craftsman get that growth trajectory going that we’ve committed to, and then in 2018, and thereabouts 2019 whatever the right time is we will be back with something bigger in all likelihood.
James Loree: We have zero control over what Sears does with respect to pretty much anything. And that’s part of the rationale for why we think this is a deal that is pro-competitive and should be able to pass through the competitive review. So as far as the growth trajectory, we start off with $100 million or thereabouts of business that we actually acquire as part of the transaction and then the rest is up to us. So there are – we have a tremendous commercial capability in this company that can span all the channels in the Tool business. And Craftsman is kind of a unique brand in the sense that it plays in the auto mechanics channel, the industrial channel, the professional tradesmen, the DIY type of user, it’s – the – one of the broadest brands in Tools. And so, our approach is going to be to partner up with our big box customer – partners and make sure that we exploit that channel. We are going to try to partner up with a large e-commerce company and make it available broadly through e-commerce. And we think that’s an exciting growth opportunity. It’s a – it’s one customer that I’m referring to will tell you that Craftsman power tools is the single biggest unfulfilled search that it has. And so, we’re excited about that. And then we have our automotive repair channel nut tools that we would expect to carry the Craftsman brand on in some form at some point. So lots of different approaches what we’ve committed to in the pro forma was $100 million a year of growth. So over a ten-year period, getting to pretty much a straight line – on a straight line basis getting to a $1 billion over that period and we hope that we can do better than that. But we think that’s a very, very doable development curve.
James Loree: Yes, it is. I mean, so based on our – what’s in our guidance that would be dilutive in the first-half, gets –in the back-half still probably marginally dilutive based on the current forecast. Now, if we start getting levels above $200 million, and we’re approaching $400 million, that’s going to change the margin picture dramatically. So that that’s a factor that we have not assumed in our guidance. So it’s a bit of a double positive that we get the extra revenue impact that we’d also get the leverage impact of somewhere – going somewhere between $200 million to $400 million in revenue.
James Loree: Well, the vast majority of it, we would expect it to be probably sell-through and – but we’ll see as the year progress. We certainly have a little bit of a load in happening here in the first quarter. But where is the stage now, where we’re restocking and we would hope that that a lot of that would be sell-through.
James Loree: Well, the industrial business itself showed – within Tools showed signs of life, really had a positive quarter in a long, long time, two years. So I think that that goes under the Proto and the FACOM brands. They did quite well. And so it does look like we potentially have hit an inflection point with the – with that kind of MRO type markets.
Donald Allan: Yes, we will start with the cost actions and productivity. And as I had mentioned in my comments, we have had about $50 million of restructuring charges per year for almost last three years now, and so yes there certainly is, when you look at the $0.55 and $0.60 of positive accretion from cost actions and productivity there is a carryover effect to that. I would say it’s probably 10%, maybe of that number, 15% in that range, it’s not a large part of it, but I would remind everybody that we have been very proactive in our cost reduction programs for quite some time and in particular over the last two years as we dealt with all this currency pressure, and Jim mentioned the number close to 400 million over the last two years. We certainly got some price benefits, offset to that, but it was only about a third of how much we are able to offset. So, we had two thirds of all that that we had to find a way to more than offset to grow our earnings and a lot of those where through cost actions that we’ve done either through continued productivity actions in our supply chain and getting productivity levels up to 5%, 6% in some cases depending on the business and then just ongoing SG&A what I would call healthy restructuring that occurs. And then this year, we’re going to continue that activity like we have been doing because we’ve got nice momentum. We’ve also got functional transformation occurring that will begin to reap some benefit benefits of that here in 2017, something we started talking about almost 2 years ago now. And so that is a positive, so, and the $50 million of restructuring that we’re going to utilize in 2017 will help drive some of those benefits as well. So, I think we’ve positioned ourselves well over the next three years to be focused on balancing where we take cost out and then where we also implement cost to make investments to stimulate more growth and that’s really what you’re seeing here. On the second question related to shares outstanding, we have not assumed any type of buyback in our number at this point. The increase reflects the impact of the hybrid that matured in the fourth quarter of 2016 about 3 million of share impact year-over-year. We will see how the year progresses, as far as cash flow, but at this point we think our cash is pretty much focused on paying for the M&A activity and we don’t have a lot of excess cash to focus on share repurchase, but if we do a little better than we expect there is certainly an opportunity for us to do that.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would just add that related to 2017 your comment is correct Nigel, we do see another $100 million of incremental revenue that is included in our guidance. Jim however did discuss in his comments that we have capacity up to $400 million. So, in total we have $200 million in our numbers with incremental of a $100 million next year so there’s capacity to take on another $200 million. The $100 million makes sense to us right now based on it’s too early to really know what the cannibalization is going to be. And that’s something we’ll watch closely, but if the cannibalization is not as high then there’s certainly a possibility that we’re somewhere between that $200 million to $400 million number as the year progresses combined with some of the factors that that Jim just mentioned.
Donald Allan: Yes, I’ll give you some color on the outlook, remember back in October earnings call, I gave a framework for 2017, which was total growth of 4% for the company. And I gave a little color by segment with, I indicated tools of mid-single digit. So that would be whatever you want to be somewhere between 4% and 6% that’s really what we’ve been seeing for the last 100 plus days. And so I don’t – not sure what you’re referring to specifically other than the 7% was our performance in 2016. And so that’s certainly, maybe there is a an aspect of that that I’m just clarifying, but we feel pretty good about that and our view going into the year that’s the right place to be at this stage. As far as FlexVolt, yes we had about $50 million, $60 million of FlexVolt in the fourth quarter. And as Jim said part of that was booked the continued loading, but part of it was also sell-through. And so there’s the combination of factors there so that certainly contributed to the 7.3% organic growth that we saw in the fourth quarter, but there’s still a very strong underlying growth excluding that as well that’s been driven by all the other activities that I mentioned in my comments related to Tools & Storage segment.
Donald Allan: Yes. So Q1 I would fear for your modeling purposes for restructuring I would say, I would use about half of the $50 million in Q1. So, we expect to move a fair amount of activity to get really to help drive some of the benefits that I talked about in guidance of the cost reduction and productivity action. So that’s certainly is a large number that impacts the EPS in Q1 and why it’s a lower percentage for the full-year. I would exclude that and kind of look at the underlying performance without that effect that’s more just based on decisions they we’re making and not operationally focused. The other thing is on a currency it’s very close to $20 million incremental impact in Q1 and so those two items combined with a little bit of pressure from the shares, higher share count in the first quarter is why you’re seeing that type of EPS number for Q1. And pricing actions, we are always looking for surgical pricing actions. We’ve been doing that for over a decade now in our company. It take in our Tools & Storage business that team is very much focused on what they can do at a very specific level or at the product level or product family level depending on the situation and we make decisions on what the right pricing decisions are that are both price increases in some cases on occasion price decreases that might be necessary for certain products. But overall, looking how they get a price increase. Commodity inflation certainly offers up an opportunity to talk about price increases, but the reality is $50 million to our whole company in a full-year is really not large enough at this point to make a large case for a broad price increase. But it certainly is something that we utilize and we go through and do the surgical analysis of pricing by product to help make the decision of what is the right price point for a specific product.
Donald Allan: I would just enhance Jim’s comment on what control we have, we did, is right, we have zero control. But they do need to meet certain quality standards for use of the brand. And so that is part of the band license, so it’s not to say control, but it is a standard that we wanted to have in place to ensure the quality of the products are at the right level.
