Donald Allan: Jason, it's Don. I would say there's a few dynamics happening here. First of all, we've had two waves of inflation associated with commodities over the last 6 to 8 months. We had a wave back in third, fourth quarter of last year, and then we had a significant second wave in February-March timeframe of this year. The fact that we had the additional wave, and it increased the negative impact of inflation to us, actually allowed us to have a more pragmatic factual discussion with our customers based on more significant inflation levels, which allowed us to get many of these price increases in place or they will be in place in June and July of this year. So really, it had to do with the timing of it and those two different waves. And the more inflation that you tend to have in one of these cycles, the more factual robust discussions you have with your customers and your ability to implement price increases. I wouldn't say it's easier, but it's a little less difficult when you're dealing with lower inflationary numbers.
Donald Allan: Nicole, it's Don. It's likely that the repurchase, the bulk of it, happens in 2Q, and I wouldn't expect it to go much beyond that. And as far as additional repurchase, I mean, John gave an indication that we have approval of about double the size of what we're doing. So we could certainly look at that as a possibility. We'll have to balance that against the pipeline. As I mentioned in the summary comment, the pipeline is robust. And combining that with the fact that a lot of our vast majority of our cash is overseas, we are looking at the utilization of that. And hopefully, through acquisitions, we can do that in particular. So I would imagine that some we'll continue to evaluate as we move throughout the year.
Donald Allan: We're utilizing the -- as far as FX, we utilized the latest rates, in the last week or so. That's what we utilized in our guidance. And so whatever the Euro is a week ago, $1.43 or $1.44, in that range, is what we've utilized.
Donald Allan: As far as the outstanding share creep question, the reality is, is that because of the rise in the stock price, it's not only the exercising of options, it's also the sudden impact of anyone who has options that are in the money. That has an impact on the shares outstanding and on a diluted basis. So as stock price goes up, it puts pressure on the number of outstanding shares as a result of that. And we also have -- you combine that with the fact that we do have certain tranches of options that we know will be expiring, from a vesting period perspective, later this year, which will likely result in many of those options being exercised. And so when we forecast that and look at it, it indicates possibility of $5 million -- 5 million shares of creep from the 170 million level to, potentially, 175 million. That's why we're looking at a share repurchase, which is about 3.3 million as John indicated, but it doesn't completely offset that potential creep. Now if all of those exercises don't happen, which would be unlikely, because if you have people's options expiring in a vesting period, they probably just wouldn't let them expire, they're going to exercise them. So as a result, we believe that's why 172 million makes sense.
Donald Allan: This is Don. I would say that we're not going to, say, break it down by power tools and hand tools and Industrial businesses and Mechanical Security. But if you look at where we're experiencing inflation, the vast majority of it is in our Mechanical Security business, HHI business and CDIY and both CDIY hand tools and power tools. We do, as Jim indicated and I indicated, we do expect 80% price recovery in the back half. I don't see a significant deviations in businesses as a result of looking at each business component to that percentage. But you also have to recognize that for the year, we're only going to get 1/3 to 50% price inflation recovery. It's just the back half that we're experiencing. And if you look at previous cycles, there tends to be a period up front where you don't get the price recovery and then you get a higher percentage later on. But you rarely get to a point, across the whole cycle, where you fully recover all your inflation.
Donald Allan: No, we don't tend to forecast operating margin percentage by segment. I think you can take the information that Jim presented. And he talked about things that he felt were temporary and things that he felt were permanent, and the vast majority of them were temporary. You can take that as an indication of the future.
Donald Allan: Yes. I think our [indiscernible] -- and frankly, the impact wasn't that significant in Q1. It's not going to be that significant throughout the year. It's a relatively small impact of 20 to 30 basis points on the Security sector, and it's not something that we should be overly concerned about as a result of this year and going forward.
James Loree: Yes. Well, this is Jim. The one thing I would say about the market growth is it's pretty soft in Europe and the market and in North America. And by soft, I mean, if you look at point of sale at the big boxes or the merchants, mass merchants, to see a positive POS is a good day for the total markets. So I think what we're seeing is kind of a sluggish bumping-along-the-bottom kind of market. And a couple of points have outperformance on share, in the power tools, and it's mainly the cordless, where I think that's occurring, and mainly in the 12-volt area.
James Loree: And I think you will also find that Japan power tool production tends to go to Japan, although there are some export. But most of the power tool production that comes to the U.S. is probably from China, even if it's a Japanese company. So their plants themselves have not -- we've studied the locations of their plants, and the plants haven't been impacted. The final finished goods plants haven't been impacted in any significant way from what we can tell, but we don't know to what extent their supply chain might've been impacted. We know that ours is pretty much unharmed with a one or two little, very, very small immaterial items here and there. You probably can count them on one hand. But as the Japanese companies might have a little bit more tendency to have Japanese subcomponent suppliers, and that's what we'll really have to see in the second and third quarter.
James Loree: Yes. And I'd also -- and this is Jim. At the analyst meeting, I mentioned that our expectations for acquisitive capital allocation in 2011 was nothing substantial in terms of multibillion dollars or billion dollar plus. I think I said probably around $0.5 billion would be our target for the year with maybe a little bit more, but that's kind of the range that we're thinking of here. And so if anybody is worried about a major multibillion dollar transaction, you could put that aside for the rest of this year, at least. They're certainly -- that's not going to happen.
James Loree: Well, in the CSS business, Jim, I think, without a doubt, it's the national accounts that we're gaining traction with. So it's the corporations and the very large commercial customers. What remains weak is municipalities and education. Government is modestly positive, although I'd say we're making good strides in government, from a share perspective, because we have a big initiative going on there. So that kind of breaks it down for CSS. Mechanical, oddly enough, the construction business is stronger than the retrofit business. But when you think about that in the context of education budgets being constrained in this environment and municipality budgets being constrained, I think it makes sense. We're not seeing any huge recovery in commercial construction. But I do think that there's a general feeling, with our people in Mechanical, that the construction market, whether it's our own execution or whether it's the market, that the volume has kind of firmed up a little bit there. And we're certainly not decreasing, I'd say, in the municipalities and education at this point in time. So it's really kind of a sluggish situation in Mechanical. We're talking the Best Access commercial, MAS, what we call, level. And I think we'll probably see a little bit of positivity, but not a whole lot. I think there are -- Electronics is going to carry the segment for the rest of years would be my guess.
James Loree: Retail channel, it's very -- but for the inventory corrections, it's very stable. It's a point or 2 of growth, that type of thing. Nothing dramatic, but certainly no downdraft going on. And it's just -- what we saw this quarter was a little resizing in the inventories.
James Loree: We're going to get a little end market, but I think it's going to be mostly ? Stanley, Black & Decker specific. We've got new product major initiative in hand tools through the DEWALT hand tools. We've got additional generations of power tool, product development that'll be introduced here as we go forward. We've got timing issues that affected the first quarter that won't repeat. We've got revenue synergies. I mean, everything's pointed in the right direction.
James Loree: The only thing I would clarify in addition to that is that when Don referenced more difficult comps, on a prospective basis, he was really referring to the Industrial & Automotive Repair business, which has been booming since the second quarter of last year, as well as the Engineered Fastening business, which has also been extremely strong if you look over the last three quarters or so. That's what we're up against in Industrial is that the comps for IAR and for Emhart are both getting tougher. Hydraulics is not big enough to matter in the overall scheme of things.
John Lundgren: Jason, this is John. Your last piece on product coming from Japan, stay tuned and watch. You're well aware that the travesties and tragedies in Japan took place very late in the quarter. Any U.S. shipments or POS were already here. The supply chain is longer than that. So any impact from Japanese producers shipping to the U.S., as a result of the difficulties in Japan, would not have shown up in first quarter numbers. To the extent they exist, they'll take place in the second quarter.
John Lundgren: Yes, I don't think we can provide anymore direction, Dan, than we already have, specifically, inventories were too high. They were corrected, and we think they're right about where they need to be at this stage, which is why -- I worry about a lot of things, but this is not one of them. As Jim described, we really do think it was temporary. This business has performed, the Kwikset business, extraordinarily well over the last 18 months in terms of both POS, customer acceptance and performance in the marketplace. And as you know, home center inventories are always depleted in the month of January due to their fiscal reporting, and reorders took place later in the quarter than we anticipated. But that's a long way of saying we think they were a little high. They probably got a little low by the time the quarter was over, and we think they're pretty much in line with where they need to be given our customers' projections and our projections on demand going forward.
John Lundgren: Sure, I'll start. And Don, Jim and I are also extraordinary close to the pricing center of excellence and our global commodities sourcing team. I think we're probably all equally attuned to respond. If you think about the commodities that affects us the most, primarily it's steel, then we get into the non-ferrous metals, resins, and now that we're in the power tool business in a big way, batteries. But it's still far less of an issue than steel, non-ferrous metals and resins. We've seen pricing out through essentially the third quarter. So as Don made the reference, and it was a very good one, when there was very modest inflation in the fourth quarter of 2010, we absorbed it or tried to with productivity because it was not enough to justify a price increase. When we got it the second time, dramatic increases, particularly in steel, it was enough to go and get the pricing. And as Don suggested, most of it -- that we've had the negotiations. It will go into effect in June or July, and we think that will offset, at least, Dan, what we've seen coming basically through September. Beyond that, we don't have prices. And obviously, our prices in the marketplace will be -- are pretty much set up until that time, and we think one will offset the other.
John Lundgren: Well, we haven't seen any weather impact. I mean, the business, overall, I think is on track for what we expect for the year. It's a lumpy business. This quarter was not as robust as we would've liked, but it certainly was a solid quarter. We had 8% organic growth and low single-digit operating margins. So we're going to have to get used to the lumpiness of that business. I think we're all going to have to get used to it, especially when Infrastructure becomes a bigger part of the portfolio. But right now, we're more than happy with the integration the way it's going. I think the interesting thing, as nuclear becomes a little perceived as more risky in the wake of the Japan situation, I think natural gases and clean coal are basically the two areas that you're going to see a lot of interest in, in terms of helping supplement the energy base here in the U.S. And CRC strength is natural gas onshore North America, so we're right in the sweet spot if and when that takes off. In the meantime, the offshore business in CRC is a burgeoning area. I'd say, CRC brings more to the table in offshore and has a very small business there, but significant contracts have been signed in the last 3 to 4 months with the providers, major providers. And we really have a great value proposition. We see a lot of growth coming from that. So I think that CRC is going to live up to our expectations and maybe then some, but time will tell.
John Lundgren: Nicole, let me just -- to clarify. The repurchase for the third time is to avoid creep get our share count back in the 170 million to 172 million range where we guided at the beginning of the year, and it has zero to do with lack of a robust business development pipeline. As Jim has pointed out on numerous occasions, and I think it's important to reiterate, the integration of Black & Decker remains our highest priority. It's organizational capacity, not lack of opportunity, that will allow us to tread softly and be very thoughtful in terms of which types of acquisitions that we think we can pursue. We're very pleased to have a position, from a balance sheet perspective, to be able to pursue some meaningful acquisitions. But if it's the same people working on those acquisitions that are working on the integration, that will detract from our primary objective. So that is our biggest concern, staying focused on the integration of BDK. The pipeline's robust. As you're probably aware, we have full-time BD professionals on every continent and a very, very active group. It's just something we're spending less time on, short to intermediate term, because we are focused on the Black & Decker integration.
John Lundgren: 2% so far, Nicole. So our sense would be, unless we've missed something, that would be about 2% tailwind due to FX.
John Lundgren: The 80% is a back half number, which -- at the same time, inflation is abating, the price increases are kicking in. So our total price recovery is going to be far from 80% for the total year, quite a bit lower. And as far as competitive reaction, we are the market leader, so we have to go first in order for the rest of the competitors to make their decisions. And time will tell whether they follow or not. Frankly, our value proposition is so strong right now. We feel very confident that the price increases will stick. The discussions are underway. In some cases, commitments have been made. Agreements have been forged, in some cases. And we're not feeling terribly concerned right now about the willfulness of the channels to take the increases in general. Now we'll see what happens at the point of sale and whether competition follows. And we'll have to do whatever we do to protect our market share and just watch and observe and respond as circumstances unfold.
John Lundgren: And 30% to 50% for the portfolio would be at the very low end of our historical post-2004 inflationary era norm. So I think we're in a good place there.
John Lundgren: Yes, Jim. That remains slow, to be very candid. I mean, part of what we experienced in the second quarter was a large, very, very good customer delaying some retrofits and some store expansions. And a lot of competition in the retail space, on both the door and the locks side. So I guess the simple answer is that remains low. We think we've certainly have hit the bottom. But we'd like to see a little more robust activity in that, if you will, retail-end market or retail vertical as we refer to it, both for our Mechanical locking and our Access Technologies business. We have not seen it yet. And as you know well, having followed legacy Stanley, second and third quarters are normally the best quarters for that business due to a lot of work, no weather-related issues and just a lot more construction than normal. But it's still bouncing along the bottom, to be very candid.
John Lundgren: Pete, this is John. I guess it would be naive to say there's no inventory -- there's inventory risk every day. We experienced it in HHI in the first quarter. But I think, simply said, what you're after, POS is in line with shipments and retail inventories across the board, to the best of our knowledge, and that's one area where we've really got good data, are totally in line with what we're used to seeing. Now there's a modest seasonal build because it's a busy season, but we see that there's nothing at retail to suggest a risk, in that regard, at this stage of the quarter.
John Lundgren: Let me start, and then Jim will give you a little more detail. The Infrastructure piece of our portfolio is extremely small right now. It's $350 million annualized revenue. About 1/3 of that is legacy Stanley hydraulics and 2/3 is CRC, which Jim talked about our optimism in that business but the lumpiness of it. If you think about the third that we've got a lot of history on, there is a very, very close correlation between our backlog and our future projections and the price of scrap steel in our Hydraulics business. And as Jim referenced, scrap steels, very high, relative to historical levels right now, which would indicate our legacy Hydraulics business is in very, very good shape. CRC-Evans is newer to us. And as Jim indicated in the segment breakdown, it comes in bigger pieces on a less regular basis. And to be candid, we really don't have the history with that business to project it quite the way and too read as much into backlog, good or bad, as we would if this had been part of our portfolio for 5 or 6 years. Jim, you may want to elaborate.
John Lundgren: I guess, two things. We are not going to get into detail on the pricing between national and core commercial. I just don't think it's appropriate on this call. As it relates to install and RMR, as Jim said, install is up 10%, RMR is up 3%. We've been saying, for about the last 18 months, that our margins have been flatter, for lack of a better word, or certainly helped by the fact that installs were so low. And as a consequence, RMR, as a percent of the total, is higher and our margins are higher. So the shift to install is growing at 3x the rate of RMR is not healthy, short term, in terms of margins. But I think as we've alluded to all along, we feel very, very good about it because you know well, without those installs, the future RMR won't be there. Historically, we've had a tremendous national account focus. I will say that much. And the small -- the local or small- to medium-sized enterprises, as we refer to them, offer a great opportunity for us going forward. And Brett Bontrager, Tony Byerly, the North American team, are really, really focused on it. But we are not going to get into profitability by customer or by channel on this call or ever, if it helps you going forward.
