Donald Allan: Well, I think, Jason, the -- I think the 18%, 19% clearly, as you indicated, represents the historical view of the 2 different companies, primarily driven by a lot less volume in the first quarter versus the other 3 quarters. We tend to have $250 million to $300 million less volume in the first quarter as a result of that seasonality, primarily in CDIY, but also in our Security business. It drives a lot of that. So we do expect continued operating margin rate expansion and additional growth in our Security segment as the year progresses, so we do expect that to improve significantly versus the first quarter. I wouldn't necessarily expect that our Industrial segment would continue with a 19% operating margin rate that we saw in the first quarter. We're really pleased with that performance, but as we look at the investments we're making in that area as well as a slightly lower volume growth as the year progresses, I would expect that, that will return back to levels that are closer to 17%.
Donald Allan: Michael, it's Don. I -- if you think about it from the perspective of how Jim described it, POS is a fantastic statistic for us to look at. It helps us as an indicator of where we see what's happening in our major customers. But we also have to look at order trends, and if order trends are not exactly in sync with that, which they're not yet, then it's not necessarily prudent and intelligent to raise your guidance based on an indicator that, although very positive and we feel good about it, we want it to continue, we want it to translate into orders and ultimately into revenues. And if that trend does continue at that pace, then we clearly anticipate that the revenue performance would be stronger in the second quarter than currently anticipated. But it's something that we believe in our philosophy and our approach that we actually need to see it translated into orders versus POS.
Donald Allan: As Jim indicated, we clearly have seen different trends in the CSS, North America business in particular. And due to some timing of some of the larger projects, we did see a revenue of flat performance or slightly down performance in that particular business. But the order trends are positive. We had a build in our order book in the first quarter, so we just currently -- we believe it's a timing issue and it's not something that's necessarily reflective of economic or market conditions at this stage.
Donald Allan: Yes, second quarter and beyond. We could -- we were I think pretty granular last quarter, but it's absolutely worth repeating and I'm glad you asked the question. Essentially, none of that showed up in our margin in the first quarter. We were often off and running by late January, early Feb. But precious little, if any, showed up in the first quarter. We expect more than half of it, 3/4 of it to show up the remainder of the year and some of that will, of course -- get carried into next year.
Donald Allan: Yes. So obviously, the first quarter, as I mentioned, is the lowest volume quarter for CDIY. It's significantly lower by about $200 million of revenue. And when you look at that and you think about the leverage opportunity where a business that was -- performed at 13.1% in Q1, probably had, as John mentioned, a little bit of the cost reduction actions in the first quarter, but not a great deal that the vast majority of that is going to happen in Q2, Q3 and Q4. Recognizing those 2 items and recognizing that our company -- based on our current outlook, we're going to achieve very close to 15% operating margin this year. The CDIY business needs to achieve that type of level as well from an operating margin rate, which means it's going to get to levels that are around 15% and above as the year progresses. So when you look at price inflation, that's another positive factor associated with that. The inflation is clearly higher, in particular in the first quarter, and it begins to go down significantly in the second and then becomes very small in the third and the fourth quarter. And the price benefits of what we did associated with different actions last year will be a positive that rolls into that as well. And then there's ongoing productivity associated with just normal productivity that occurs every year.
Donald Allan: That's exactly what it is. I mean, it's inflation and then the positives that we have are pretty much offsetting that, which is why we have a flat operating margin rate versus last year at Q1. But then, like I indicated, that dissipates significantly in Q2 and beyond.
Donald Allan: Nicole, it's Don. I would say that you have to think about a couple of the comments that Jim made around, in particular, the commercial and mechanical business and the product gap that we're looking to fill related to certain products in the back half of the year. That has certainly caused some pressure to the profitability of that business, in particular this quarter, and in previous quarters as well. And then also some timing around some of the Access Technologies or automatic door business around that particular business and some of the ordering trends related to national accounts as well. So there's -- and then there's a seasonality aspect related to what John described, which is it's really 3 businesses in there, 2 of which I've mentioned. One is also the residential lock business that for the first quarter, is very similar to a CDIY-type business from a revenue perspective. So that -- certainly feel pressure from profitability in the first quarter as well.
Donald Allan: It really goes back to what we -- what I said earlier, and I think John and Jim touched on it as well, is we have not, we're not completely covering inflation with price in Q1 in CDIY. And as a result, we have 240 basis points of pressure, and they're associated with inflation. That complete -- virtually goes away in the second quarter. But as we've talked about for 2 or 3 quarters now, that's been a pressure point in that particular business. We didn't have that type of inflation in Q1 of last year. It began to -- and the commodities began to trend up late in Q1, and we began to feel an impact of that significantly in Q2 and the rest of the year. So that is anniversary-ing as we go into the second quarter, but that is the main driver for why you're seeing that flat performance.
Donald Allan: Yes, just to add on, Nicole, because you will -- to Jim's point, which I think is an important one because you won't get another follow-up. We are very pleased with the increased level of sophistication, albeit from a high base of the CDIY team's ability to analyze the effectiveness of its promotions. If you think about it, you took 2 serious players in CDIY, but with Hand Tools and Power Tools strengthened, may be different drivers. I give the team a lot of credit as we shine the light on margins and on the impact, sometimes negative, of promotions on margins. Which promotions made sense, i.e., did the volume lift more than compensate for the sacrifice in margins and which didn't. They've done great work in the last 6 months, so that's just the long way of saying, we think we're a lot smarter about which promotions are effective and which aren't. And that takes some time with 2 organizations coming together with different databases and different strategies and I think we're cautiously optimistic that by us putting the focus on it and the team taking it very seriously and internally developing significantly improved analytics. We think we've got a better handle on it than we did 6 months ago.
Donald Allan: Sure. On the Engineered Fastening business, yes, we have factored in auto production forecasts in different geographies around the world both -- and obviously, there's 3 major ones for us in North America, Europe and Asia, plus Japan, both of them. And we have factored that into our particular guidance in that space. From the beginning of the year, we felt that the Engineered Fastening business would be strong, not necessarily as strong as it was last year given some of the significant increases in penetration and market share gains that they've had. But based on where we are at this point in time, we feel good about projections for them for the remainder of the year, but we'll continue to watch that closely as the second quarter evolves. As far as FX, yes, the euro has improved slightly and as I indicated back in January, they're -- we were using roughly a EUR 1.29 to dollar exchange. And our assumption at this stage, it's about EUR 1.30 to EUR 1.31. And I indicated that basically a $0.01 movement in that would equate to $0.015 of EPS on an annual basis, so that could be about $0.03 of a positive, if you look at it from that perspective. But if you also look at a few other things like shares outstanding, which is a bit of a negative versus what we initially estimated, it's pretty much a wash.
Donald Allan: Yes. I mean, we look at those every month and every quarter as we get new information around auto production forecast, that's factored into Engineered Fastening business ongoing forecast process.
Donald Allan: And I think part of it is just math, too. If you think about history of innovation in Hand Tools, much lower ticket item, $15 to $25 ticket item, far less pent-up demand in Hand Tools, we would think or suggest than there has been in Power Tools. So all of those are contributing, I think, to the spread between Power Tools and the Hand Tools.
Donald Allan: Sure, Michael. It's a combination of a few different things. Clearly, whenever we acquire a electronic Convergent Security business, there is a bit of a shift in the model and we like to achieve certain levels of profitability around installations and service and monitoring. And Niscayah's not any different in that sense, and so as we look at new installation revenue and new installation projects, there'll be certain projects that we will pass on because they don't achieve certain levels of profitability. And that's really what we're saying, when we built in a bit of a revenue retraction associated with that, combined with that there isn't -- obviously, 85% of the business is in Europe. And although there's a large chunk of it that's in the Nordic region and the northern part of Europe, which as Jim indicated, is performing relatively well in many of our businesses. There also is a decent amount of that business that's in the southern part of Europe, in particular Spain and Italy, that we do expect some retraction associated from an economic perspective. Those are the 2 main drivers that would really be associated with why we would see a revenue retraction in year one related to Niscayah.
John F. Lundgren: Jason, this is John. Just to -- to be very specific, because of a lot of those on the call have not followed the company for 10 years, as Jim alluded to. The 2 specific seasonality items, to which Don referred, and CDIY, as it’s been quite evident over the years. January is always a very soft month in terms of shipments as the big-box retailers wind down their inventory in the anticipation of their year-end close in January. It does ramp up in Feb, March, but first quarter for CDIY is always a relatively soft quarter, as Don suggested. And then within Security, there is the seasonality to which you referenced, but for -- I guess, for others' benefit, normally that's in Access and in MAS, Commercial MAS. Within Access, there's often weather-related delays in terms of snow, rain, flooding. Far less of that this year than in the past, but most of that's focused on national accounts and a lot of our retrofits aren't scheduled until the second quarter so they don't face weather delays. And on the MAS business, we do a tremendous amount of business on university campuses, also, albeit [ph] more and more business with our Convergent Security Solutions and it stands to reason the overwhelming majority of that business happens in June, July and August when there are fewer students on the campus. So second and third quarters for years have been better quarters than first and fourth for Security. So I hope that, that adds just a little more color to what I think is fairly well understood, but if not, it's an important clarification.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, Steve, because you'll get cut off, I mean, just 2 specifics that we have shared and we're happy to, the largest single use, as Jim suggests, above the trends that are the structured housing, the second largest use is pallet repair. So to the extent that the economy is good and industry is good and product is moving on pallets, a very large use of Bostitch or a large consumption of Bostitch products is in pallet. More pallet repair than pallet making, but it's very important in that vertical market.
John F. Lundgren: And just to elaborate a little bit, and obviously you don't get denied your follow-up. A logical conclusion, if orders are picking up, why wouldn't you jack up your organic revenue growth rate forecast? The issue, of course, particularly in Convergent Security where so much of it is first install and then ultimately, recurring revenue-related, it is really hard -- it's a much longer-cycle business than CDIY, where we have a POS that ultimately leads to orders, that ultimately leads to shipments. Quite often, we'll see the order backlog pick up, but it's for projects to be installed or things to be delivered 3, even 6 months in the future. So to translate that to a quarter, is very difficult for our Security team and obviously for Don's finance team to do. So we're encouraged by the order pickup, if not to suggest that it's all going to show up in the second quarter or even the third quarter as it relates to organic revenue growth.
John F. Lundgren: That's a significant factor, yes. You'd said orders, Don was very specific. We have not seen the orders yet or we'd be more aggressive with our forecast. We've seen the POS, and as Don normally follows, night [ph], orders normally and shipments normally follow POS, but until we see them, we're not going to be encouraged. So I want to be sure you understood Jim's comments. But I think that's a very logical, I'll say assumption or conclusion, Dan.
John F. Lundgren: With volume leverage, 50% of the $150 million cost reduction over the next 3 or 4 quarters and what we feel will be, at worst case, neutral price inflation arbitrage, those 3 things all will -- all should and will contribute positively to the CDIY margins for the next 3 quarters.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, I guess 3 things. We don't give 6 seconds' thought to what our multiple is, relative to our -- and that's assuming an all stock transaction. And as Don pointed out, we generate $1.2 billion in cash, of which 2/3 is going to be deployed towards acquisition. So our -- if you will, our multiple being up or down a turn, Sam, is not a significant factor in our thoughts about acquisition. Our balance sheet is strong, our cash-generation capability is strong, thus from a financial perspective, our ability to acquire is strong. What will be the governor is organizational capacity. The good news is our 2 large integrations are going extraordinarily well, but if you think about Security, they're digesting an acquisition and integrating one that is almost 50% of their size pre the acquisition. Their plate's full, so obviously we can look for some bolt-ons that'll make sense, but we don't want to overstress the organizational capacity. Small opportunities in other areas where less of the organization is focused on integration. That's where you could expect to see some modest activity. But if you combine 2 integrations that neither of which are fully complete, Don has very publicly stated, and we have -- we've got a couple of $300 million of deleveraging that we intend to do. The pipeline is very full. It'll be -- more organizational capacity than financial capacity that will govern our appetite, speed and size for our acquisitions.
John F. Lundgren: Well, and I guess, of equal or greater importance, first quarter '12 versus first quarter '11, x -- we bought $1 billion business with single-digit operating margins. It's math. It's up 130 basis points, excluding Niscayah, quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter. So I'm a little bit puzzled as to the need to rationalize the margins. But I think between the 2, remember the 13 4 excludes Niscayah. It's $1 billion business with single-digit operating margins that we will improve over time. But that's why we carved out x-Niscayah, it's 130-basis-point improvement versus same quarter last year, which is the one that was referenced in the question.
John F. Lundgren: Yes -- no, I talked about in 2 things, and I may have confused you. When I talked about Canada and Australia, 2 established markets, relatively small geographies, but I wanted to touch on them. I said there was a tremendous amount of competition in IAR and in CDIY. What I mentioned was in Australia, we have very small Security business as well as South Africa, that we are deemphasizing. It's that specific. Call it a conscious business withdrawal because it's below-line average margins and I may have unintentionally misled you. No, there's no abnormal competition in the Security business, either in the U.S. or Europe. The major players remain aggressive. Our focus remains on commercial. But nothing abnormal, and if that was your takeaway, I apologize, I unintentionally misled you.
John F. Lundgren: And just to add a little more, and hopefully it was clear in what Don said. Maybe to say it in a different way, remember that Niscayah's business, they are extremely capable with demonstrated skills and installation in systems integration. A much lower percentage of their business is recurring revenue in monitoring than our model, than our base business. So as we -- and I think Don said it quite clearly but just to amplify, as the Niscayah business mix shifts from a little bit less systems integration and a little more service and monitoring as a percent of total, some of the lower margin installs, although they're very good at it and very effective at it, if it doesn't come with the service or the recurring revenue, that's what we will pass on therein is the, if you will, top line headwind. But needless to say, it's favorable from a mixed perspective thus the margin accretion assumption that goes into the numbers.
John F. Lundgren: No, it's -- Don could give a better -- it's 80-20 cost out mix shift. The mix cost out will happen within a 12- to 24-month period. The mix shift is a very gradual thing. That's going to be 1 to 3 or -- plus year project, so at least 75% of its cost out, I'd say 25% mix in that short term.
James M. Loree: I mean I think I covered a lot of the POS versus shipments, but I'll hit the numbers again very quickly. The POS was up 12% for the quarter, and as you know, organic growth was up about 3%. So clearly, there was a significant lag in terms of the sell in to the channel. It is not surprising to me at all. When you think about how the quarter unfolded in the sense that the fourth quarter POS was probably in the neighborhood of 1% positive, and then all of a sudden in January, it's up 10% and it's up 10% all quarter, it didn't get stronger, it didn't get weaker, it just stayed up 10%. So it's almost like a switch was flipped and POS was up 10%. And given that, if I were a retailer and given the warm weather, I would be sitting there saying it's a weather-related pull-in at first. I certainly don't want to bet a bunch of inventory on the fact that, that might not be the -- or that might be the case -- not the case. And then so, normally, we would have a lag of probably about 60 to 90 days anyway, so -- and if you listen to some of the commentary from the retailers, they were clearly citing the weather as a factor. Now whether that was just an attempt to kind of tamp down expectations or whether that was a real issue or how much they attributed that in reality to that phenomenon, I think it's up for discussion or debate. But there was clearly -- that piece of it had a big impact, and I think they were maintaining a cautious stance in terms of -- throughout the quarter, with regard to buying additional product and building their inventories and we know that they ended the quarter with some of the leanest inventories we've seen in a long, long time at retail.
James M. Loree: Yes. Well, look, the POS was very strong in Power Tools and in Consumer Products, including Power Tools and Outdoor products. So Outdoor, while it may have been weak last year, if you recall the weather was extremely unfavorable last year, it certainly reversed itself this year, and the POS and Outdoor was up, close to 30%. But Power Tools was up about 20% in the aggregate, a little bit less if you take Accessories and put them into the equation. Now I think some of that is clearly share gain. I don't think you're going to see a home improvement POS numbers around 20% for the Tool category. Some of that was clearly weather. There's no doubt in my mind. We had a somewhat weaker POS last year in the first quarter and I could attribute that to some very, very cold and negative weather conditions. However, I think it would be foolish to assume that all of it is weather or even the preponderance is weather. I think that clearly if you look at almost any housing-related statistic in the country, you'll see some modest improvement. And I think people are going back to work gradually in construction projects. I think, maybe even a bigger part of it, home improvement projects, where you had several years of deferral of do-it-yourself projects. We clearly have heard from some of the retailers that they believe that is a factor. So I think it's a mixed bag of things, but general economic conditions are better, confidence is higher. I mean, it's a -- there is, in my opinion, a clear indication that the home improvement market is getting better and it's not just due to weather. Now some of it is absolutely due to weather.
James M. Loree: I mean the Accessories business was -- POS was up about 8% in the quarter, so not the stunningly positive performance that you saw in Power Tools. But still a very respectable performance at plus 8%. And then the Bostitch business was down in the low-single digits. I couldn't give you the exact number, but it was probably in the 1% to 2%, 3% kind of a range. The Bostitch business and the nails in particular will be much more tied to home construction as opposed to doing improvement projects than, say, the Power Tools. And I think that's probably why we got some increase in home construction, but it wasn't as notable as I think in the home improvement area.
James M. Loree: Yes, and as I mentioned last year or last quarter on the call, the -- I guess, it was -- well, it was January, but in any event, we really wanted to position the company to outperform in the event that we had a construction market or a home improvement market recovery. And the reason being that the -- first all, it's a good stock to be in for that type of a recovery. And what happened was the European cloud that was hanging over Europe was causing some dissonance in that respect, so people -- investors couldn't really feel comfortable with betting on a housing recovery by putting their money in the stock because of the European issue. So we felt that we would simply take the recovery off the table and then the cost reductions were really put in place to make sure that we could cover the European issues, and so now the company is still positioned to outperform in the event that this home improvement and housing recovery issue or opportunity is real. And that's where we are today.
James M. Loree: Yes, I think this is absolutely typical. I mean, there's nothing new. The private label thing has been going on as long as I've been around and long before I even arrived here in 1999. It comes in ebbs and waves. And ultimately, in Hand Tools -- Hand Tools, there's only one company in tools that has the brands in Hand Tools, that overarching brand that spans all the categories that we sink a lot of money into, has more brand equity than any other Hand Tool brand, and we support it and we have a great end-user demand for it. We back it up with innovation and we are not private label. We do not -- we do very little private label. So let the home centers and the MAS merchants do all the private label they want. What happens when private label grows, the marginal brands get squeezed, and ultimately, we're at the high price point, the midprice point. We don't really play at the opening price point. Private label plays at the opening price point, tries to come up into the midprice point, runs right up against the marginal brands and runs right up against us. We tend to win, so we don't -- we're not terribly concerned about private label. We focus on our value proposition, which really is all about what the brand stands for and we feed that brand and we feed the innovation and we're happy to participate. That's the life we live in Hand Tools. Hand Tools and Fastening is about 20% of CDIY.
James M. Loree: Not really, nothing more than we read in the newspapers. It's -- I think they're scrambling -- they're all scrambling to make sure that they don't run into production issues, so we couldn't tell you one way or the other whether ultimately auto production is going to be impacted by that. But I will say that because we really didn't get a chance to talk about Engineered Fastening in the prepared remarks, that we're really pleased with the progress in that business and that the kind of growing content of aluminum-based cars in auto production is a huge positive for Engineered Fastening because of their self-piercing, riveting product line, and there's only one other competitor in the world that really has that and the content in aluminum vehicles is dramatically higher than in other types. So they've got great secular momentum in terms of penetration, and of course, the industry remains reasonably strong this year and perhaps not as strong as it was last year, but still pretty darn strong. I think the -- global auto production was up about 4%.
James M. Loree: Yes, in the first quarter. And I think we're going to continue to see, notwithstanding some exogenous interruption like you referred to, we're going to continue to see good production in the auto industry, and therefore, good results from our Engineered Fastening friends.
James M. Loree: Yes, well, I mean, first of all, I know that was -- was that one question, Ken? Let me start with Europe. Europe, I was -- I think we were all really pleased with the European performance. I don't think that the distribution channel in Europe has as pessimistic a view of the economy as some of the people I listened to on CNBC over there. But from -- I do think it's getting more pessimistic as the days go on, and maybe more realistic in terms of what's happening overall in Europe. But as we know, basically, Italy and Spain are really, really down significantly, like down as much as 20%, in that territory, and then the rest of Europe is much more sanguine. So in fact, the Nordic [ph] region, for instance, is quite positive in Europe right now. And as we know, Germany, where we don't have much volume but just to kind of complete the journey, Germany is slightly positive too, largely driven by, I think, the auto industry but exports in general. So I would expect it to get marginally worse as it sort of spreads, as the malaise spreads around Europe and the reality of the austerity and so forth sets in, in some other countries. The U.K. is a bright spot, I might add. The U.K. for IAR was quite positive. So mixed bag in Europe. And then the emerging markets, the distribution channels are -- it's interesting that the CDIY and IAR distribution channels in many markets around the world are -- there's a lot grayer and blurrier lines between the channels than there are, say, in the U.S. or in Europe or the developed countries. And so whereas in the U.S., you clearly have well-defined channel separation, sometimes in the emerging markets it gets kind of blurry. And so for instance in Latin America, sometimes it's tough to figure out when you're calling a distributor, whether they're a CDIY distributor or an IAR distributor. So for us, it -- and it's true in Southeast Asia and not quite as true in China, but even in China we see it to some extent, so anyway, for us it really -- it's actually an advantage, I think, to have our IAR and CDIY businesses because we can kind of go into the channel leading with, if the channel leans towards one or the other, those strengths and we can go in with those products kind of as the lead and then bring our IAR products or our CDIY products depending on which is the stronger kind of -- in there as well. I think that's one thing. The second thing for us, and one of the reasons I think we're making a lot of progress, is that when we put the companies together, Black & Decker and Stanley, we really got a much more significant scale in the emerging markets and we put a lot more emphasis at our business unit level as well. So for instance, now IAR, we've actually split the management of IAR, where we have Europe and Latin America is run by one gentleman, and North America and Asia is run by a woman executive. And the reason we did that is so that they could spend a significantly better portion of their time on specific emerging market regions. So Joanna, for instance, who runs IAR North America/Asia, spends a fair amount of her time traveling to Asia and working hand-in-hand with the regional people over there and making sure that they have all the resources, making sure that the products are tailored to that particular market and so on. And then Jim, the gentleman who runs Europe and Latin America, does the same thing in Latin America. So they're running their businesses, which are pretty significant businesses within the developed regions, but they also have much more time than if we ran them as one large business unit. And so I think there's different strategies that we're undertaking in every business to attack the emerging markets, but I think in IAR, it's going to be a unique one. It's an experiment to see if it works, but it's so far, so good.
James M. Loree: Yes, and I think if you'd think about the first quarter margin in CDIY without the inflation, it was a 230-basis-point impact. That would have been incredibly positive story for our first quarter in CDIY. So, yes, we have the inflation, so yes, we absorbed productivity and we absorbed the synergies in the quarter. We're not going to have that in the second quarter anywhere as near that magnitude as what's pointed out, and then you have the positives that were just mentioned. And I think it's going to be a good story as we go forward.
James M. Loree: Sam, I mean, we could talk all we want about sell in. All that is, is a change in inventory if it doesn't have anything to do with POS. So 20% POS in Power Tools seems to indicate share gain, from everything I can derive. And really, I can't even begin to fathom why there would be major differences in sell in. That's just something that's going to have to sort itself out in the inventory line.
James M. Loree: And I think you're seeing a lot more -- or a lot less promotional activity in CDIY. As you may have noticed, the price was neutral. It was not positive, but it certainly wasn't negative and I think from a trend perspective, that's a good trend. And I think in that business, we've spent a lot of time with them. John and Don and I have spent a lot of time with the CDIY folks, walking through promotional strategy, level of promotion, promotional payback and a number of other things and how important it is to keep the gross margins moving in the right direction. And I think they will -- they have listened and have made some changes that are going to be positive as we go forward.
James M. Loree: I think we have a clear -- in -- when we stated our strategy about capital allocation. John mentioned that about 2/3 of our free cash flow will typically be allocated to acquisitions, it's been lower over time. So when you look at $1.2 billion, you're talking about a meaningful amount of acquisitions. When you look at the revenue objectives for the company, we try to get the revenue growth up into the double digits, maybe on top of an average of maybe 3% to 4% organic growth. So we're adding about 8, 9 points of acquisitions a year with that money that we generate. And so -- and John also mentioned the organizational capacity being a gating item. It's one of the reasons we have growth platforms, because we have multiple growth platforms. So we have Security as a growth platform. We used to say Electronic and Mechanical, now we just say Security because we run it as one business. We have Engineered Fastening as a growth platform. You can see we really like that business a lot. It has growth characteristics. It tends to be a little focused in automotive OEM, which is great right now, but it's not always great. So there's other growth markets in aerospace and electronics that are really -- other verticals that are interesting to us in Engineered Fastening, so you can expect us to be working on a pipeline there. And then we have 2 exciting new growth platforms in health care and infrastructure. In infrastructure, we did CRC-Evans a while back. It's been a good story for us, as the offshore business has grown significantly and that -- and we've had a weak market in onshore, but that hopefully will change as time goes on. And at some point, we probably will add to our oil and gas activities and infrastructure, maybe branch out beyond oil and gas to some extent. We're looking at some opportunities in that regard. In health care, the value proposition in health care is bring productivity to acute care facilities and bring patient safety to acute care facilities and security. And we have a small but growing business there that we will probably buttress up with a few bolt-on acquisitions to improve our value proposition, to improve our distribution reach, et cetera. Those are the types of areas. Now as it relates to Security, when you start to evaluate the available opportunities in security, especially in electronic, there's one very, very large company out there that while it's not for sale -- it could be for sale, I highly doubt we would ever do anything to acquire a $10 billion security company, so it doesn't look like that's in the cards. Once you get beyond that, you're into regional players in North America. You're into Resi security. Resi security in North America, we don't really like that. We like it better in Europe, but there's nothing really meaningful for sale in Europe right now. So there's not a ton of opportunities. I think we'd like to beef up our Security business in the emerging markets, especially Asia, maybe Latin America. Over time, you might see something there. And then finally, in mechanical security, today our Mechanical Security business is too focused on North America. We've been trying to globalize that for several years. It's been challenging just due to actionability of assets outside of North America, but there's always a chance...
James M. Loree: Yes, commercial locks and access, both. So there's a whole series of different areas that we can play and we can also work on bolt-ons in the CDIY business to the extent that they aren't home center focused or to the extent that they're not Power Tool or Hand Tool-focused. So for instance, Accessories is a great opportunity for us. Higher-than-line average margins, higher-than-line average growth in general over a long period of time. And we are about half our market share in Accessories versus where we are in Power Tools. And by the way, the opportunities in Accessories are plentiful because it's a very fragmented marketplace, so I think you could see something in Accessories. And then also in some of the blurry areas between industrial, automotive repair and CDIY, you might see some activity where it didn't have home center content, and then you might see some geographical expansion in IAR as well.
James M. Loree: Well, clearly, I absolutely believe that the market is stronger for Power Tools than it is for Hand Tools right now, and that's one thing clearly our product development, our new product vitality in Power Tools is exceedingly strong. So vis-à-vis Hand Tools. Hand Tools is -- if you think about the innovation opportunities in Hand Tools, they're at the margin, whereas in Power Tools, you have lithium-ion, which we came out with. Now we have brushless DC, which we're coming out with as we speak. And these are big game-changing kinds of product innovation areas, whereas in Hand Tools, we kind of go out into the marketplace, we go to construction sites, we evaluate how we can inch up the productivity of a worker by changing the tape rules at the increment. It's just not -- it doesn't drive the same level of excitement and so forth in the marketplace, but it supports the brand and the value proposition, et cetera.
James M. Loree: Yes, it's more of a replacement. Hand Tools is really more of a replacement market than it is a new product market.
