Donald Allan: I would say the FX components, actually, were pretty much back to the level we experienced early in the year for most of the major currencies. So we don't see a lot of FX headwinds based on current rates going in 2013. As far as the other acquisitions, I would say, yes, they're kind of in the net neutral category. We didn't call them out because it's a relatively small number, but when you look at the impact of commodity deflation, the mix headwind and those acquisitions, they'd all be in that kind of bottom category that I called net neutral.
Donald Allan: Yes, Nicole, it's Don. What I mentioned was that we saw in the third quarter that all of our Industrial European businesses retracted. We expect that to continue at a slightly worse trend, so we would imagine that IAR would retract a little bit more than we saw in Q3. Engineered Fastening will probably have saw 7% growth rate overall. In Europe, they were down 3%. That will be slightly larger as the Industrial European piece of that business, which is not tied to automotive manufacturing, will be down high single digits, maybe double digits at this stage. And then we'll see probably a flat performance with European auto business for Engineered Fastening. So those businesses are expected to experience a fair amount of pressure. There's a little bit of our Infrastructure business in Europe, as well, which will be pressured, but that's not a significant number.
Donald Allan: Yes, I would say that the big thing that's changed is really the impact of what we're talking about around MAS Commercial. So that's clearly creating what we are calling a negative mix impact to the company, but it's also true for the Security segment. So we saw, as Jim mentioned, a really solid performance in Security from a rate perspective given those pressures, but we would expect it to, sequentially from third quarter to fourth quarter, retract a little bit more given those pressures and probably, obviously, will be down slightly total year when you look at it versus expectation of flat back in July.
Donald Allan: Well, as I mentioned, Rich, we're not really giving thoughts on organic guidance for 2013. There's just too many factors out there that are going to change, most likely, over the next 90 days. There's things in Europe, there's things in the United States, et cetera. And as a result, we're not really giving thoughts. But I think if you look at what's happening to us in Europe this year, there's no reason to suddenly indicate we're going to see growth in the first quarter of 2013 in Europe. So I think you can use it from that perspective and look at our overall portfolio, but there's going to be variations that happen in the next 90 days. Things like the fiscal cliff in the United States, that we don't know the impact of that, and the U.S. economy, the continued crisis in Europe, and the Eurozone, as to what will happen with Spain and how that might impact business in that particular area. And then slow growth in China and emerging markets as well. So it all goes back to the theme that we started with, which is that we don't -- the macroeconomic environment is not real robust. And overall, when you look at it, doesn't feel like you're going to see a lot of growth beyond 1 or 2 points. So we're looking to stimulate it with these growth programs, which is what we've tried to focus on this morning and get people to recognize that we're taking action in response to an environment that we don't see changing, or improving dramatically, going forward.
Donald Allan: Sure. I think when you look at the pro forma and Niscayah business being down, roughly 5%, I think it's an actual -- it's a pretty good performance given the macro environment in Europe, in particular, given that they're really shifting to a more profitable business model around installation, revenues, as well as trying to drive more recurring revenues into the business model long-term. They'll be down 5% versus our expectation of 7% or even possibly 10%, we think it's a great story. But we would imagine that, that type of situation would continue probably into the early stages of next year and then, depending on the macroeconomic environment, would start to improve. If you look at the 5% today, I would say that probably at least 1/2 of it is due to the macro environment and the other 1/2 is more due to the model shift.
Donald Allan: Sure. I mean, I don't have a precise view on free cash flow of 2013, but if you want to get a little input, I would expect that we would imagine we would have continued improvement in working capital next year, and our expectation is usually about 1/2 a turn as we go into the year. We will be making more capital investments related to emerging markets to make sure we have the right products in the different countries that we walked through this morning. So that could be a little bit of pressure but even with that, I still think we'll have improvement in working capital turns in 2013. There's no major pension fundings beyond the current run rate that would pressure 2013, that would be a new item. So I would expect, based on continued accretion in our earnings, continued improvement in working capital, we would expect that our free cash flow would go -- be accretive to the $1.2 billion that we're experiencing this year.
James M. Loree: Yes, I mean, the numbers are pro forma. So the -- whatever Infastech was in 2012 would be in the base as well. And as far as the acquisition strategy for Stanley right now, it is almost exclusively on emerging markets. And we tend to be looking for power tool, hand tool, commercial hardware and Electronic Security acquisitions, which are very relatively small, in most cases, less than $100 million but very strategic on a one-off basis in a given market. We really feel that some of these companies have strong local distribution, which when combined with our product and manufacturing expertise that we're developing, or the manufacturing expertise that we have and the product expertise in the emerging markets that we're developing, can be very powerful. So yes, it will be supplemented through some acquisition. None of that is included in the organic growth rate numbers that I shared, obviously, that would be in incremental to that.
James M. Loree: Yes, basically, I think, we're outperforming the market, for sure, in the U.S. Probably, market may be up 1 to 2 points at this point, and, I think, given our performance, a couple of points higher than that. Most of it is coming from the things that I referenced, the cordless, in particular, in Professional Power Tools and to some extent in CPG. But also the -- now we're getting the introduction of the very innovative products that we have in CPG, the Matrix and the Gyro. I think that will definitely be, again, outperformance in the marketplace. And then, the revenue synergies from Hand Tools, in particular, with respect to the DeWalt tools, are also kind of differentiating us in the share point of view. So we're probably outperforming by a couple of points there.
James M. Loree: Yes, well, clearly, the resource allocation will be towards the larger markets that are -- that we're currently underweight in today. I think where we -- in Latin America and Middle East, Africa -- well, Middle East, I'll say, we have excellent coverage, sales coverage. And really the key there is just we can -- and we have pretty good MPP products that we've developed locally in both those cases. However, in some cases, the products are sourced, so the products that we will manufacture in local markets is -- that's part of the strategy there, and then just to leverage the resources that we have in the market today in those large markets that we're already pretty overweight in. In the underweight markets, it is absolute majority, probably 70% to 80% of the resource allocation will go there. It's all about getting the right products with our SBUs and then basically flooding the market with feet on the street that can develop the distribution channels to drive share growth in those markets. China, India, obviously, are the 2 biggest. But I will tell you, I just got back from Russia, Turkey, Dubai and some other countries earlier in the year. And some of these kind of medium-sized markets that I'm talking about really offer enormous potential, and it's really just about getting the right products and getting the feet on the street. The brands that we have are phenomenal. The recognition of the brands is amazing. The markets are hungry for some market development, and we're going to provide it.
James M. Loree: I guess 2 points. Ken, the backlog I referred to is primarily in convergence security, not mechanical locking. The issue that Brett's team is dealing with in mechanical locking is that the market got smaller and faced tough economic times. There was a tremendous move from premium to mid-price point. And full disclosure, our mid-priced point offering was not up to snuff, and the teams worked very hard to get that developed in the marketplace and it's there. That's on the Mechanical Security side. The backlog conversion is simply the orders are there, we've got to get them converted, we've got the installations done, we've got to get them done right the first time. And that's one of the things that led to a management change within our Convergent Security business, where within the last 6 months, we've -- 2 internal, 1 external -- have added 3 senior leaders to Brett Bontrager's team to accomplish that. Regarding Apex, it's not our role to speculate on competitors and what their new owners will do. It's quite a, I'll say, diverse portfolio of brands, many of which are secondary and tertiary. That in and of itself is a challenge. Joint ventures are a challenge. And so as a consequence, we felt that -- we don't think that was a major factor, the Apex joint venture, in our ability to gain share. And I would think that's not going to be a major factor going forward. It's an interesting business. It's in good hands from a very, very professional private equity owners. Talk to them about their strategy as opposed to us. It's not our place to speculate.
James M. Loree: I think the only thing I would add is that it's -- of all the various outcomes that could have occurred, it's probably the best for us because they are rational people. They are highly levered. And they will pursue some growth opportunities for sure, but there's plenty of opportunities out there for 2 of us. So I think it's probably in a very good place. And it will probably be for sale in a couple of years, too, so we'll have a look at it then.
James M. Loree: Yes, another element to this is, which is not compensation-related, or at least it is indirectly, is that we are a very, very tightly managed company when it comes to P&Ls, and especially at the business level and the region level. In both cases, when there are revenue shortfalls, the initial reflex in the organization is to cut costs. And frequently, the businesses were attempting to make emerging market growth investments, but when the cost cutting kind of came to bear, typically, emerging markets were not unscathed, although we directed them to minimize that, they just couldn't help themselves because they are measured on P&L and they're very capable people when it comes to delivering those kinds of results. So the overlay that we've created here by absolutely making the investments at more of a corporate level or at least corporate oversight level, we can protect those investments, and we have to kind of sort of put our armor on and kind of get through -- if the environment gets tough, we have to protect these investments, and we will. And that will be a big difference. The other thing is with respect to kind of creating the center of gravity at the region level, you don't have the same incentives to cut costs that you would in the emerging markets that you would if you are running a business that had a global footprint because -- and you are measured on a quarterly P&L. In the emerging markets, your -- the measurements of these individuals are going to be -- well, yes, they are going to be P&L focused. There's going to be a clear understanding between them and us at the corporate level that our expectation is that we achieve organic growth and we do that with investments and the investments are protected. So there's a couple of other subtleties there beyond just direct compensation that we're addressing through this change.
James M. Loree: I think 7.5x, when you really look at that business, I think, is a very fair price. And spinning it didn't make a whole lot of sense given all the extra cost and the fact that it's a very tax efficient transaction. If you look at the composition of the portfolio, the one thing that is, perhaps, underappreciated is that $200 million of that business was Pfister. And Pfister, we attempted to sell on its own and frankly couldn't get it done at anything over 5x multiple, and that would have been a victory if we could have gotten that and would have required seller paper and a number of other things. And we finally just said, the heck with that, let's mix it in with HHI locks and so forth. And so you have to kind to think of it in terms of we got, for what really is the heart and soul of that portfolio, we got something closer to 8.5x. And that's a pretty good price in relation to -- especially the after-tax proceeds that we received for that.
James M. Loree: Yes. And there's also a missed perception with respect HHI being so tied to the housing market. When you look at the company's exposure to construction before and after HHI, it is still right in the 30% zone. And the fact is that HHI is a replacement business for the most part. It is not a new construction business. You look at channels that it sells into, they are not going into the builder market for the most part. They're going into replacement, remodel, those types of markets. So we haven't really changed the complexion of our portfolio dramatically as it relates to exposure to the construction market. And the market would not have viewed this business as a construction pure play, very important point, which would indicate that we got a very fair price for it, as was mentioned.
John F. Lundgren: And Mike, this is John. Just so you don't get cut off, I mean, Jim referenced a plant acquisition, which was really a manufacturing base in India. That's a good example of the kind of thing Jim's talking about. And collectively, we have spent a lot of time on target identification and development. Jim has spent, with mine and Don's and our board's full support, a tremendous amount of his time focused on emerging markets in the last 3 to 6 months because, as you know, these relationships, large or small, have a far longer incubation period than, say, a North American acquisition. So that's all part of the thought process. But importantly, the focus is in emerging markets on business development but it's small. Our hiatus on significant acquisition activity going forward remains, because we're going to focus on organic growth. And as I said, we're going to run it. I think Jim explained it really well, we're going to run it like we run a large integration, because that's a model that's tested and proven within our 4 walls, and it looks well for us.
John F. Lundgren: And Eric, the second part of your question, we're seeing no abnormal level of promotion or price activity, comfortable at that level. As you know, there's been some commodity deflation, which is helping margins, but not so much that it's placed a tremendous pressure on price. And fourth quarter, there's a tiny bit of seasonality in the consumer piece, but that has been what's driving our business. So right now, I think, another thing that's always an area of interest, our best view in our top meetings with customers is inventories are at a very normal level. The data is so much better, both at the customer base and internally, and the ability to share it transparently, because nobody wins when the channels are stuffed, and nobody wins when they are out of stock, as you all know. We see inventories as of mid-October approaching a busy season up in -- prior to, I'll say, the December doldrums as quite normal.
John F. Lundgren: And Dan, this is John. Just to follow up and certainly, hopefully, just expands what Jim just said in a very simple manner. As you know, or some of you know, I've spent 14 years of my career living and working abroad. And as Jim, myself, the business leaders huddled to talk about the organic growth opportunity, I guess we always knew, but we've come to the realization that one size doesn't fit all, and that's really been the model that we've been using, which is why we elevated it as a corporate priority. But simply said, it's going to be different in each and every one of those markets. But I think Jim just said it well. It's what's the customer's focal point? It's going to be different in each of those markets depending on its degree of development. What is the product design? We can't simply design one product in Towson, Maryland and dummy it down a little bit and sell it all over the world. So there's 3 engineering centers around the world that are going to drive this activity. And last, but absolutely not least, how we are organized. And Jim described that in great detail, but who is accountable, who's accountable in the region, what's his or her relationship with the relevant business and with corporate, and then finally, how do we track it? So that's nothing different than what Jim said. But I think to summarize it, it is a -- it's a new approach for us, but it's one that we believe it's tested and proven. We've got a lot of experience behind it. And I think we've just validated it with the work we've done with consultants, advisors and, most important, our own team, over the last 3 or 4 months.
John F. Lundgren: There's -- BDK revenue synergies are not just Brazil, Mike. You've kind of asked 2 questions that are hard to answer. Brazil is 65% of our Latin American business. And roughly 65% of the growth has come in Brazil and 35% has come outside. The overwhelming majority of all of that growth, think of it as BDK revenue synergies, specifically Black & Decker, legacy Black & Decker had a very capable manufacturing plant with a very capable local leader, well-established commercial teams and distribution channels in all markets in Latin America, and a very capable business leader in Jaime Ramirez. And what we've been able to do is leverage 2 things. Production in Brazil but for -- it serves all of Latin America through the -- our Uberaba plant where we've been able to do some simple hand tool assembly and production there, number one. And number two, take very, very popular but previously cost competitive black and yellow Stanley products that were imported that are now managed and sold locally through a well-established distribution channel. That's been the big lift. So simply said, the business is pro rata with the size of the markets. And you can contribute the overwhelming majority of that to what we do refer to as the Black & Decker revenue synergy.
John F. Lundgren: Yes, Dennis, it's a very fair and, I think, appropriate question. 8 or 9 years ago, I implemented, with obviously the tremendous support of Jim Loree, who is already here with our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Mathieu, our head of HR, organic growth as a significant portion of the short-term incentive for the entire management team. It made good sense. There were very specific goals for each and every business. And we carried on for 4 or 5 years, I think, with tremendous success, both organically and via acquisition, which is where we deployed most of our -- 2/3 of our cash flow. As we faced what was clearly going to be some really tough economic times, 2008, '09 -- 2007, '08, '09, quite frankly, some very thoughtful and experienced board members led us to the conclusion -- or helped us to the conclusion that it was going to be very difficult to grow organically in that environment, and protecting our balance sheet, focusing on cash flow was a very important thing to do to weather that storm. It's exactly what we did. That was the initiative or the driver, if you will, behind SFS, which has generated tremendous amounts of cash and, quite frankly, I think it's why Stanley was in the position to acquire Black & Decker. As Jim pointed out, we didn't think that would last 5 years, but it has. And rather than continuing to work focused just on cash flow, on income conversion, we've decided, if you will, to take organic growth into our own hands. So the simple answer to your question is yes. Anyone and everyone involved in this, a significant portion of their short-term compensation will be based on profitable organic growth. The exact specifics to that, I'm not going to reveal at this stage. It will be in our proxy that we publish next February. But it will be a specific part, and there'll be a select -- a precious few number of individuals. And Jim talked about how this team was staffed and organized. There'll be a handful of individuals that the overwhelming majority of their incentive will be based on that, but that will be specific to the initiative.
John F. Lundgren: It's also a highly profitable business, Sam. And I mean, it's just math. One of the reasons 7.5 doesn't look meteoric relative to some of the comps that you're comparing to is this is $186 million or $190 million EBITDA business. There aren't a lot of housing pure plays, to use your words, with those kind of EBITDA margins. And lastly, not so much the multiple or the margin or how to sell it, we just -- we wanted as disruptive a process as possible because this is an ongoing business that if we didn't sell it successfully, we wanted as little disruption as possible, because it was a business that had then turned around nicely and was performing well. But lastly, remember, this is primarily a design source and ship business. And to Jim's point, Pfister is 100% design source and ship business. Not that we can't do that. We're a manufacturing company and we think we do it pretty well, between global sourcing, product design and production. And that lever for us and ability to further improve the business really didn't exist in this business, and that was part of the driver. But at the end of the day, we're really happy with the...
