Jim Loree: Thank you, Don. Well as you've heard Stanley Black & Decker is hitting on all cylinders. The first quarter represented a solid start to the year as we continue to build on the momentum underlying our organic growth and margin expansion initiatives. As a result of the strong operating performance and a reasonably favorable operating environment, we raised guidance excluding charges and the gain on sale of the Mechanical Security business to $7.18 at the midpoint, a 10% increase on a year-over-year basis. Apart from our focus on organic growth, we're very excited about the opportunities to drive value within the Newell Tools and Craftsman brand acquisitions. And as I mentioned earlier, integration activity is well underway for both transactions and we received nothing, but positive feedback from all constituencies. And finally, I want to remind everyone that we will be hosting an Investor Day in the morning of May 16 in New York City. This will be a great opportunity to communicate our strategic and financial objectives and discuss the next chapter in the Company's evolution. We're also looking forward to showcasing numbers of our business unit and other key functional teams and we look forward to seeing you there. We're now ready for Q&A, Greg.
Jim Loree: Okay. And then on the second question, and just to reiterate how committed are we to our USA manufacturing strategy related to Craftsman given the uncertainty, but certainly the lower probability of the implementation of a border adjustability tax. And frankly we just comment on that that it's good just see that the government seems to be coming around on that one and understanding that that is not a good idea for the United States of America and many, many companies within the United States as well and really pretty much everywhere. So offsetting that aside for a minute as it relates to the facility expansion plans there was never a contingent on a VAT being implemented, it was really a function of the strategy for re-Americanizing Craftsman and just so everyone is aware we manufacture about 30% of all tools that are sold in the United States of America today and we are able to cost effectively do that with today's manufacturing technology and our intent is to increase that for the total tools business including Craftsman but in particular Craftsman. We have 11 tools plants in the United States and those tool plants, probably the majority of them will be expanding capacity in addition to the facility that we've discussed. And in the end it maybe -- it maybe more than one facility in the U.S. we will have to see how it all shakes out, but we're looking at various scenarios, so answer to your question we're very committed to manufacturing in the U.S. for Craftsmen and for the rest of our United States sales.
Jim Loree: Hey, Mike. First of all on the M&A landscape we just spent $3 billion or almost $3 billion and are integrating feverishly as Jeff says, two major acquisitions in Tools. So this is going to be a year of digestion for the most part and I think everybody should understand and can understand why that would be both from a financial balance sheet point of view as well as an operational bandwidth point of view. So having said that, I would say the pipeline for M&A is about as robust as we've ever seen it with valuations and in its own, I think is manageable with good synergies not cheap by any stretch, but some really interesting strategic assets out there that are of a decent sized, decent enough to move the needle. So we're coming through those right now and doing a lot of analysis and thinking strategically about what makes the most sense. We may do some very small acquisitions yet this year but there won't be -- there won't be anything which I would call material in size but be on the lookout in as we get into next year for something in all likelihood in one of the other segments, other than tools wouldn't rule tools out, but I would say that in all likelihood, it would probably be in either industrial or security which is where we see the action today. So that's the M&A picture, we can talk more about that at the Analyst Meeting for people that are interested. As far as breakthrough innovation I have never been more excited about the opportunities that we see across the company and we have about 10 teams up and running. We have every business in the company has at least one team and our emerging markets group has a team and we're all using all those teams are using the same formula that we use for FlexVolt under the global Tools & Storage model that we have identified as part of SFS 2.0. So you'll see more information about that at the Analyst Meeting, but I can tell you that we don't expect a 100% batting average on these. But I would think that if we have 10 teams up and running and have been up and running now for us anywhere between a year-and-a-half to six months in that timeframe, there will be some innovations coming out of those teams that we've already seen some. One of the challenges for us will be some of those require commercialization in places or in ways or channels that we don't necessarily have access to today. So another one of our challenges related to breakthrough innovation will be getting some channel access to for some of these innovations that are a little bit out of the fairway, if you will. And I think you see a combination of human resources additions to tackle those challenges as well as some integration of M&A activities with our breakthrough innovation activities and synergizing up both of those. So really exciting times here at Stanley Black & Decker as far as breakthrough innovation goes.
Jim Loree: So Jeff while you're on the topic of FlexVolt may be you could just expand a little bit on the program right now. I know there is a little skepticism out there from a couple of people who probably have a vested interest and skepticism. So why don't you just tell give them the ground fruit about FlexVolt right now.
Jim Loree: I think we're planning for a more rapid ramp than $100 million a year over 10 years. We can probably handle a ramp with our current planning at about 2X rate of that clearly that's hypothetical at this point in time and it's a contingency but it's certainly definitely something that we are planning for in the event that that were to occur.
Don Allan: Sure, this is Don. It is somewhat lumpy in the year where we do have like we experienced in the first quarter, we'll probably have a similar dynamic in the second quarter around system sales within Engineered Fastening but in the back half right now, we really don't see a lot of those types of system sales occurring as a lot of the new model launches are happening here in the first half of the year, back half of the year. Right now, that's not the case so that's part of the reason that we're being a little more prudent and balanced in our view of the full-year for that particular business. Those dynamics can change a little bit every once in a while, but at this stage, we think that's the most appropriate perspective of the full-year.
Don Allan: Okay. I'll start with the first question, Rich, and continuation of the previous question, which on the automotive business with Engineered Fastening, we do see a really some strong growth here in the first half of the year, just like we experienced in the first quarter. But right now, we do see light vehicle production slowing in the back half in particular North America but even slowing in some of the other regions compared to what we expect to experience in the first half. So that's part -- that is really what's kind of factored into our guidance when we look at first half versus second half in the industrial business, in particular, we have a combination of the -- the auto systems, and then you have a secondary factor of just a slowing of production in the back half of the year versus the first half based on current projections.
Don Allan: Sure, I will take that. But there's nothing unusual, I think it's a continuation of all the things that we do under the SFS 2.0 operating system model which is focused on appropriate pricing actions, driving cost productivity, transforming our back office et cetera, et cetera all those different things, commercial excellence where we're really trying to make sure that we're providing new products at the right price points to gain market share all that that entire operating model is really what drives that on an ongoing basis. So when I look at the first quarter in particular, you've got that dynamic of just continued trend of trying to drive operating leverage as we grow. And so the way that we drive operating leverage as we grow is that we look at various things excuse me that I just described but then we also try to reinvest along a portion of that along the way, so we can continue to stimulate future growth. And so we don't necessarily let all the leverage drop through but we had a large part of it drop through along the way. And the only way you're going to get operating leverage is to do the things that I just described, which is focused on pricing mostly focused on cost reduction, driving productivity for the supply chain offset any inflation that you're experiencing et cetera, et cetera. So you combine that with a factor that this is the first year we don't have $200 million of currency pressure. We have a number that's 50-ish roughly on an annual basis at this point, all those factors combined with that are resulting in a continued trend of strong gross margin.
Don Allan: Sure. So let's start with the first quarter gross margin, which was, as I said, very strong. We clearly did experience commodity inflation in the quarter, we experienced some year-over-year FX pressure as well, but we did have some nice pricing benefits Jeff mentioned some of things that we've done in particular in Europe and some other markets around the world that have been positive for us, he is referring more the last year, but we also some saw some of the impact this year in the first quarter. And then we also had focus on cost actions and productivity that came in very nicely throughout the quarter and then we -- we put a little bit investment back into the P&L. So I think the probably difference was as we didn't put quite as much investment back in the P&L as we originally were anticipating at the beginning of the quarter, but frankly, the rate was not dramatically better than we anticipated it was just modestly better. As far as Craftsman goes this year as we said it about $0.08 of EPS impact for us. The margin impact will be relatively modest, not a big number. There is a, which many of you're aware of their accounting aspects related to the royalty stream or the free royalty basically that we provided to Sears that does have an annual impact. This year that will drive frankly a large part of the operating profit here in 2017. And then as we move into 2018 and beyond it will be more about the activities associated with driving organic growth, driving more profitability in the business through our supply chain in our manufacturing etc cetera, etc cetera. And so I wouldn't expect a large number here in 2016 -- 2017 I'm sorry based on what I just described and also just keep in mind, a large part of the operating margin will come from that accounting dynamic.
Don Allan: Yes, so the gross margin, yes the trend I expect. I expect the trend to continue throughout the year. Can I guarantee every quarter will be perfect based on what we did in Q1? Absolutely not. But because there is timing of when we make investments and various other factors, but the Tools & Storage business right now, although they have some headwinds, the headwinds aren't quite as large as what we've experienced over the last few years. Currency is much lower number; commodity inflation right now is a reasonable number. We'll continue to watch that as the year progresses. But in total, those numbers are about $100 million to $105 million with a large part of that, probably 80% of that hitting the Tools & Storage business. So when I think of the business trend and as I mentioned as I went through guidance I think the trend is going to continue to be accretive year-over-year as we go throughout this year. And I want to say be of the same magnitude every quarter based on what we had in Q1. So we definitely expect solid accretion. As far as Newell cost synergies we as Jeff mentioned, we've just started that process and about 30 days good news is we had a fair amount of planning, leading up to the closing over about a 90 to 120 day period of time. So we were ready to go day one, and which was -- which is always great to be an acquisition, and so this year, we think we're probably going to get about $20 million to $25 million of cost synergies from Newell in 2017. And the rest of it will kind of pace a little evenly over the next three years. So that would be what you should expect for 2017.
Jeff Ansell: Thank you. To this point that the response that we received from both end-users and trade customers globally has been outstanding, they want favorability on the Craftsman news was 90%. From Irwin, Lenox or Newell Tools perspective similarly positive feedback from customers and employees. So they want to be onboard 3,200 employees to our system seamlessly and we spoke with over 1,000 customers in the first 48 hours of the integration and the feedback has universally been great brands, great opportunities they have struggled free acquisition Newell Tools they struggled to serve their customers in terms of availability of products, service levels. And that's the number one thing, the customers have said to get that right and we can grow this business. And I'm pleased to say that in the first -- less than the first month of ownership, we've improved that backlog position reduced it by over 70%. So we've met the number one objective of the customer. So the feedback from our customers has been outstanding globally and from employees as well and we think it really strengthens our portfolio and opportunities to serve our customers unlike anyone in the world.
Jeff Ansell: Sure Jim, thank you. Inside of Tools, if you look at last year's period this time last year, we had grown about 8%. This quarter in the emerging markets, we grew another 7% in total 6% and as you know Tool P&Ls volume are very volume-dependent. So with that volume growth, it's given us a lot of degree to freedom inside of our supply chain, it's driven great productivity, while at the same time, tremendous quality improvements drove -- lowering our warranty return rates and the volume growth that we've had has been profitable growth meaning we targeted specific promotional opportunities in specific categories, seasonally adjusted for the right retail environment around the world and we've been successful. And in addition to that, we fought around the world with all this currency pressure we faced now for four years to be very, very frontal facing there. And if you look at places like the UK, we grew 16% this quarter, 8% was volume, 8% was price given what's going on there. And so if you take all those things into account, we better served our customers and in the same time been more reliable and more profitable while we've grown the business at unprecedented levels.
Jeff Ansell: I will take that. So it's really too early, early to declare the commercial strategy, we are that is not to say we're not working on it. We're working on it feverishly and we have been since March 9. But what we could tell you early read from this process is, we have an incredible demand for the Craftsman product across our U.S. customer base even in some other international geographies like the UK and Australia but in particular in the U.S. In terms of its opportunity within our stable of brands, if you look at our absolute share today although we are number one by all accounts and growing faster than the market, we still only we own about 20% of the total global market. So 80% of it is still out there for us to go after across 10 or 11 different marquee brands. And if you -- if you look at Craftsman in particular, it still represents nearly a couple of billion dollars in the marketplace today. And while we have grown our Tool business from $600 million to over $8 billion that Craftsman franchise has survived and that tells you what a loyal installed base that is, the customer however says that they would much prefer to find that brand in a lot of other more convenient locations. So our opportunity to take an installed base we've unable to dislodge make it available across other -- other retail options is exactly what the customer is asking for and we'll give a little more clarity May 16 but not full, we are working feverishly on this and as soon as we are able, we will tell you more about it, we can't wait to get started.
Jeff Ansell: We were up strong mid-single-digits about 7% in the industrial business that was pretty pervasive across all of our industrial tools businesses. The Tier 1 folks were up double-digit in the -- in the quarter. So that recovery looks -- looks promising and we believe our growth in that market certainly with a share gain more than just a market improvement although the market did improve concurrent with our Q1 results. We did -- we did see some, some industrial tools folks actually exit the market, which we very quickly converted over to our brands, which was fantastic. So things like that as well as the flexible introduction in those industrial channels has been really high, really well done well accepted in that technology really performing in that marketplace so all those things come together for a market that has improved a little more than we expected and our growth is greater than that market itself. So that's kind of the way we see it going forward.
Jeff Ansell: What tends to be in this marketplace competitors are violent and if your competitors don't have a response they tend to -- they have a negative view on what you -- what you're doing and how it's performing. The reality is we couldn't be happier with FlexVolt and if you think of 7% growth in this first quarter 8% in North America, 6% in Europe. We're very pleased with that. But half that growth came from FlexVolt half came from the core, so what it says, our core business vibrant we comped a very big quarter from last year and grew the core at the same time while allowing FlexVolt to provide the other half of the growth. Our retail execution of FlexVolt is now more than double-digits ahead of what the customer expectations work, which is fantastic. And the uptick and uptake in industrial channels every bit is good if not better. So if you consider those things and you look to the fact that we are loading new flexible products as we speak in this quarter and we will continue to load new introductions throughout 2017. And as Jim said, in the next several years that has been the real, the real driver behind what you do with this breakthrough innovation team. We have to continue to keep this fresh and we feel that we are quite, quite nicely doing that. The last point I would tell you is, while it takes time to introduce new systems and power tools the fact that this does leave the old system behind has led to a much faster adoption than most new power tool platforms. As such, our growth in FlexVolt, the ramp in FlexVolt is 10 times faster than the ramp in brushless as an example. So we couldn't be more pleased and we are we know it's a competitive advantage and the average of five stars. The average user rating of FlexVolt is 4.9, so if you get the product right for the user everything else takes care of itself. So we feel great.
Jeff Ansell: Well, the beautiful thing about FlexVolt is we are able to develop 20 volt tools where they're appropriate, where the max watt outperformance is appropriate. At the same time, develop 60 volt tools where the max watt outperformance is required and obviously there is a cost difference right the 60 volt tool is more expensive proposition for the user and for us that delivers unprecedented performance, at same time the user wants the right tool for the right job, at the right cost. So all those things come together and what you'll see over the next 36 months we'll be presenting this to Jim and team in the next few weeks and then you'll see some of it at the May 16 session, you'll see fresh introductions of both 20 volt and 60 volt tools coming within the FlexVolt range and I will tell you that the users pick up on them has been equivalent. The user likes what they can do with FlexVolt batteries under 20 volt system but they really have also embraced the 60 volt performance. Circular saw in particular is absolutely killing it. The portable you mentioned 120 volt, the portable products like miter saws which are 120 volt absolutely killing it. So the user has embraced all those various platforms and because it gives them the performance of coated in a cordless package. So more to follow but yes we are very, very active in development of 20, 60 and even 120 volts going forward.
