John Lundgren: Hey. Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everybody. This is an encouraging quarter to say the least, as everything from organic growth, the margin, earnings and capital allocation demonstrated that innovation is robust, SFS 2.0. is gaining traction and our management team and our 50,000 associates around the world are demonstrating agility and executing really well in a volatile environment and as a consequence they are overcoming numerous challenges that are well beyond their control. So let’s get to it, second quarter organic growth of 8%, offset by currency of negative 8%, so essentially flat revenue. This is our fourth consecutive quarter of organic growth at or above 6% with Tools and Storage leading the way up with 11% organic growth. We as a company achieved and delivered growth across all three segments. The Black & Decker merger closed in the first quarter of 2010, more than five years ago and our operating margin in 2Q ‘15 expanded to a post-merger record of 14.4%, plus 70 basis points versus second quarter 2014. Volume with sharp cost focus and price realization delivered robust operating leverage despite a $50 million foreign currency pressure. There are lots of puts and takes with respect to FX and Don will provide a lot more detail around this in our estimate for the year, which still includes $200 million to $220 million of foreign exchange headwind that we have every intention of overcoming. Second quarter diluted EPS was a $1.54, up 11% versus prior year, overwhelmingly, on strong operational performance. And on June 23rd, we announced the dividend increase of 6% from -- to $0.55 a share from $0.52, that maintains our compelling dividend payout and as well as, an unrivaled history on the New York Stock Exchange in terms of continuity of dividend payment and increasing the dividend. As a consequence of a great first half and actions we are taking up for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our 2015 full year GAAP EPS guidance range to $5.70 to $5.90 from $5.65 to $5.85, so the range is now up 6% to 10% versus 2014 and that’s despite a $1 to $1.10 per share foreign currency earnings pressure. Let’s take a look at our sources of growth, which in fact were very similar in terms of both source and geography for the first quarter of 2015. Volume was up 7%. We got 1% from price, leading to the 8% organic growth that I referred to previously. No impact from acquisitions, offset by 8% price, so you see flat revenue for the year -- for the first half of the year, as well as for the second quarter. All geographies showed some strength, with the U.S. leading the way at 11%, strong growth in Europe [Technical Difficulty] despite relatively stagnant market condition, emerging markets as a total were up 4% despite some areas of weakness, specifically Russia and China that Jim will talk to you about in a minute, and the rest of the world was up 7%. So the very, very strong second quarter back to back up 8% organic growth, so enough from the total there is lots of really good news and strong momentum within each of our three segments. So let me turn it over to Jim to take closer look.
John Lundgren: Yes. Hey, Tim, this is John. It’s a complex answer and that it varies a lot by geography. And I think that’s the only point I want to leave you with. The trends in the US are good. As demonstrated by the numbers that Jim walked you through, we’re seeing more end users, we’re seeing both online purchases, purchases through the two step channel, professional purchases through the big box, all good. You see or large customer’s numbers, at the same time we do. They are nicely 5% to 7%, and of course we’re above double that rate. So we are gaining share. Now that being said, and that’s 50% as you know, or 52% of our revenue is in North America. Europe is relatively flat. So our organic growth in Europe is representing growth of 2, 3, 4 times the rate of the market. It certainly hit bottom. We don’t see it getting any worse. But in Europe, it’s far from robust. And the rest of the world, I think Jim talked about it pretty nicely. There are certain emerging markets, China and Russia way down, China relatively flat, the rest of the world doing okay. But in the North American market, we are cautiously optimistic that the signs are positive. They could be better, but they are certainly more positive than they have been. That shows up in our customer’s numbers and it certainly shows up in our numbers. So that’s helping us maintain a cautiously optimistic outlook.
John Lundgren: Yes, David. This is John. Just to add on because it ties into a Jeff’s question earlier and I think Jeff, you are on the right track and Jim I think explained very well what it is. Within that long tail, you have a mix of obviously size of projects as well as margins. And in appropriate world, we installed a higher margin projects first, which is not always an option, obviously given contractual commitments and customer needs. But it’s one of the more difficult businesses when we just look at open orders or backlog to forecast that on a quarterly basis because the sixth plus months of time to get these things install. So Jeff’s earlier question and yours are right on. I think Jim described it is as accurately as we are able to. And we continue to learn more about it everyday and we’re getting better everyday at both prioritization, pricing, cost estimating, and it’s all part of a learning curve to which Jim spoke.
John Lundgren: We are also seeing on the oil and gas onshore. It’s the onshore business that looks like it might get some legs next year, because we are doing a lot of prep work with specifications right now. Our concern is and the reason Don is very circumspect about it is, because there is a good chance that these types of projects will get delayed if the oil prices don’t recover. And again, the gas prices are also a factor here because the onshore market is about 70% gas. The offshore market, which is another big piece of our business, doesn’t look to be too favorable anytime soon. So it’s kind of a mixed bag and we expect probably double-digit declines in the oil and gas for the next couple of quarters, and then we will see what happens when the comps get easier and the activity picks up.
John Lundgren: And our long-term view of that business answering the second half your question is that we think it’s a business that fits into our long-term organic growth vision of 4% to 6%. And it’s demonstrated a good track record to be within that range. And as it adopts more of the commercial excellence activities and innovation activities, that’s 2.0, we think that will only assist in that ability to continue that on a long-term basis.
John Lundgren: Which translates to less than $0.02 a share due to the large relatively large for oil and gas, it’s less than a $300 million business. So when you get a $7 million order shipped in the quarter, that’s large on a very small base on our $2 billion plus industrial segment base or $1.7 billion engineered fastening base. However, if you want to look at it within oil and gas, it was large; within the segment, it was tiny.
John Lundgren: As we said many times as it relates to oil and gas, it’s one of our few businesses, infrastructure in general, and oil and gas in particular where it’s a long cycle business with large lumpy orders, unlike our Global Tools and Storage business and even a security business the way we install and recognize revenue. You get large orders and depending on when they are fulfilled in a quarter has tremendous variations. So it’s one of our few businesses where quarter-to-quarter the numbers can vary dramatically due simply to timing.
John Lundgren: Well, the markets have generally been good in terms of MAC tools and markets. As you looked at some of the numbers that come out, they’ve been very good. The statistics very recently published in the last 10 years in the U.S., which is overwhelmingly where MAC tools is of course. Car ownership, the average age of cars on the road has gone from slightly under nine to slightly over 11 years, which means cars have been built better, but it also means they’re on the road longer and so there is a generally healthy environment for automotive repair and automotive aftermarket. That’s clearly helping MAC. What’s also helping MAC is just the benefit of it been part of our Global Tools & Storage business with a great product development, product introduction, good sales rhythm, good forecasting. A lot of the newer cars of course require a lot of diagnostics and something where we’re relatively underdeveloped compared to some of the competition. But in general, Liam, those markets are healthy. And we benefited from that, but we clearly believe we are growing faster than those end markets, which implies share gain of course.
John Lundgren: And just to add briefly do that. I think as Jim pointed out in his piece of the presentation, our largest business obviously is within GT&S, Global Tools & Storage. It’s where we have the best data. Inventories are at or slightly below normal levels that bodes well for the future. That’s partially offset by relatively weak industrial markets compared to what we’d like to see. But simply said, a very smooth quarter and a very good position in terms of inventories at the customer level, which has led to our guiding the second half of the year the way we have versus importantly, if you look at the details, some very, very steep and difficult comps, but keep that in mind as you look forward.
John Lundgren: Yeah. Let me -- this is John. Let me just add to that. I certainly agree with everything Don said. But as we’ve had a lot of focus again on the 15% of our business that’s performing slightly below our line average specifically. So, I think, Jim pointed out European security and North American conversion. We’re focused on improving the performance. But I think it's fairly important just to note that while it’s -- that subsegment of that segment are performing at a level slightly below our [OM] [ph] average. They’re performing right in the middle of fair way, relative to their peers. This is not a broken business. It’s the business that’s performing not as well as it has in the past. There is some industry trends, as well as some internal executional issues that Jim spoke about I think in great detail. I guess, I just -- we need to be on record. This is not a broken business. It’s a good business. It's been better and it will be better going forward. And our assessment of it will be based on both the trends that as Don said, we’re here to create shareholder value. That’s ultimately going to be the driver this time next year as we zero in on it fit in our portfolio relative to elsewhere.
Jim Loree: It’s Jim. I think the issue is more of a learning curve issue. It’s also a little bit of an organizational issue in terms of how exactly, how we’re organized and the types of people we have experience, the level of experience that we have with people installing these very complex jobs, because we’re getting into highly engineered solutions with Internet of things and software. And it’s much more complex than the typical historical access control and intrusion type systems that we used to have. So there is a learning curve there and there is also a bit of a talent kind of training and development issue. Now pricing, I think we’re gaining experience on pricing. We are creating a lot of value with many of these solutions and some of the verticals we are doing a really job capturing the price, the value in the form of price and then some of the other verticals. We need to improve it as well. So I think we will see continued progress in terms of the moving up the learning curve, but it’s not an overnight kind of a process.
Jim Loree: The order growth definitely has a long tail. It typically averages about six months in terms of its tail and the backlog is growing in North America and in Europe, it is growing as well, I would say growing even more in North America. The European folks are doing a better job efficiently installing the backlog. North American folks have a growing backlog and have the opportunity to install at a faster rate, but are experiencing some learning curve issues as we just discussed. So it’s all encouraging from an order rate perspective and we just need to do a better job in North America on the installation side.
Jim Loree: The other thing I would want to just go back on the first part of the question just to make sure people don’t get a view that this order was a huge impact to the second quarter. The impact at margin, the profit for EPS was less than $0.02 of EPS in the quarter.
Jim Loree: Yes, geographically, okay. So Asia was -- we’re generally outpacing light vehicle production wherever we are operating geographically. I will say that I think the North American and European markets were a little stronger than the Asian markets in this particular quarter, but it’s all over the map in terms of quarterly -- quarter-to-quarter. So it’s -- I would say that it’s -- our growth is not -- is less market related and more just penetration of platform, lot of platforms as we go here, but we do consider, although overall production was about flat for the global light vehicle. So it wasn’t a particularly strong quarter at all for the market.
Jim Loree: And as I said earlier an answer to the first question, we’ve seen this roughly every six to nine months. We have sometimes as large order like this, so it’s not a one-time item. Maybe one time in a specific quarter, but when you look at a year, you can have one to two of these and even occasionally three that happen every year.
Jim Loree: On the industrial side, clearly, there is a big differentiation within industrial markets by segment. And so the oil and gas issues within industrial marketplace are weighing on growth. We got ag laying on growth and mining as well and hydraulics. So, mixed bag in industry, I would say the MRO channel is little weaker than it has been, maybe inventories are little higher, we’re not sure about that, but it feels that way. We don’t have great data on the MRO channel. It seems like there might -- won’t call it a correction, but sort of an inventory build maybe going on there. So in general, the industrial markets are a little weaker than they have been over the last year or so.
Don Allan: Sure. This is Don. I will take that one. We did -- as Jim mentioned, we did have a large order in the second quarter associated with equipment, which does happen occasionally in this business and particularly in the Far East. We do get an occasional situation whether the large pipeline being constructed and we are just primarily selling equipment and then training them on how to use the equipment effectively in the construction process. Those things range from occurrence from anywhere from 6 to 12 months occasion they happen, but they are very sporadic. And we don’t end to plan for those types of sales. And I think it’s just happened to occur in the month of June, which we’re all very pleased to see. As far as our outlook of oil and gas, I mean which continues to be similar to what we’ve been saying for the last almost year now where the level of activity of construction of pipeline is really on the onshore really not existing at this stage. There continues to be a lot of activity within the industry about the potential kind of ramp up of activity in 2016. We have not seen specific quotes within that nature of the stage that would give us a high level of confidence, but then we’ve also seen a downturn lately in the oil prices as well. So there is still volatility in this space, but ultimately we do feel that we are going to see some type of ramp up in activity in the next 12 to 18 months of pipeline construction, because there is a great deal of pent-up volume that needs to be dealt with and have to take to the stage.
Don Allan: And then just for analytical purposes, we understand why you’re trying to get to a run rate, but please don’t think of it as a one-time item because it’s part of the ongoing discussion.
Don Allan: I’ll take that. This is Don. I think our organic growth was about two points better in the second quarter versus beginning of the quarter expectation and most of that was driven as you might imagine in Tools & Storage, a little bit an Engineered Fastening. Our EPS level, how does it play out $0.20 versus $0.15? I mean, the way, my view would be, security was about $0.03 to $0.05 off expectation in the second quarter and you can do the math the rest of the way. But clearly, Tools and Storage outperformance, depending on how you look at our outperformance of the company, we look at the vast majority of that $0.10 as an operational outperformance and a lot of that’s being driven by Tools & Storage. There is some plusses and minuses below operating margin but the bulk of that is next to zero. And really what you’re looking at is a $0.05 to $0.08 operational outperformance, but if you factor that $0.03 to $0.05 in, then Tools & storage was somewhere around $0.08 to $0.10, or $0.12 outperformance.
Don Allan: This is Don. I’ll take that one. We -- actually when you look at the second quarter, we saw a pretty balance level of growth across the quarter, especially in Tools -- actually in all our business. As we look at all our businesses, we saw relatively healthy growth in all our businesses in each point of month across the quarter. And so we didn't see an accelerating trend or a decelerating trend in the month of June. Our guidance is reflective. Obviously, we feel good with what we’ve experienced in the first half of the year and the momentum as we exited the first half of the year, which allowed us to increase our organic growth assumption of 5% to 6%. So, we’re clearly seeing trends that make us feel at least, reasonably good about the market. We will be the first one to admit. There is a lot of conflicting data and information out there across the construction and industrial phase as to what might happen in the back half of the year. And as a result, we’ve evaluated that combined with a very healthy organic growth performance in the first half. I think we’ve put forth a very balanced view of the full year.
Don Allan: As far as, Europe goes, as Jim mentioned in a nice level of detail that the business continues to progress forward. It’s turned the corner in the sense of organic growth over the last two or three quarters. We’re starting to demonstrate modest level of 3% in the second quarter, which we're pleased with. The profitability continues to improve. It’s still in the range of mid to high-single digits and as it exit this year, it will certainly be at the high single-digit level as it continues to progress in the back half of the year through its transformation. So, we really -- and that’s really what we’ve communicated in the past, so it’s consistently performing with our expectation. As far as, our view as to our decision associated with the fit in the portfolio, it will be a combination of factors to evaluate. And certainly, the one that, probably, drives the most, a largest part of decision will be valuation and if the valuation improves based on a certain outcome that we make related to that decision. And ultimately, we believe we’re here to drive shareholder value over the long-term and if we think whatever decision we make is going to achieve that result that will be a big driver of decision. Certainly, evaluating how its performing is a factor but I don't think it’s the primary one.
