Don Allan: Thanks Rob. Those are great questions. And the first one, the surcharge, we have really tied it to these cost to serve costs, additional costs to serve items that we believe obviously are transient in some level. It's just a question of how long they linger in the system. And we believe, we have a very solid basis to make that price increase through a surcharge. We've received a lot of initial feedback from our customers and feel like we're in a very good place to ensure that gets in place in the fourth quarter. So feeling good about that at this stage. On the second around data analytics, I mean, I believe that actually on the pricing side, we got ahead of that a little earlier than we did on the supply chain side. And so we have fairly robust analytics in place around pricing. We don't – we look at pricing in a much broader way. So pricing is not just about list pricing increases or in this case, a surcharge it's about how do you really manage the mix in the business appropriately? How do you manage the pricing of new products when you put them in the market to ensure that you're pricing them at the right premium, giving the innovations that they are bringing to the end user? All those things have to be factored in. And our Tools team actually has the small organization that works on that full time. And their focus is really how do they drive margin improvement with all those different levers, which can be price – direct price increases can be surcharges, can be mixed management, new product introductions, as I mentioned. So all those things have to be looked at and we've been doing that for about two years now. And so that's a little bit ahead of the supply chain data analytics that Jim described, which really that was driven by necessity in the summer and fall of last year, just given the complexity of supply chain.
Don Allan: Yes. I would just add to what Lee said at the end there. The cost to serve dynamic is interesting. It will improve eventually. The question is when will it approve? And so that's why, we took this approach around pricing fairly swiftly in the fourth quarter to respond to it. But we may be dealing with some of these supply chain challenges for another six to 12 months. Hopefully in the back half of 2022, we start to see them ease a little bit, but we're prepared for them to continue to remain for the full year of 2022.
Don Allan: I just add one thing to what Jim said. There is the cyclical recovery of industrial. That's still out there, now whether that all happens in one year, because we think that's about $300 million, it's still to be debated, but maybe it happens over two years we get a $100 million to $200 million next year and you get the rest in 2023. So that's kind of an addition to all the things that Jim just mentioned.
Don Allan: And I would add to that. To be very, very specific in my comments, we have enough commitments in battery cells and electronic components/chips to be able to expand our supply chain by 25% in power tools, if the demand is there for that to be served. And so that will happen by the spring of 2022 is what I was trying to say. And as we said, the guidance that we had for 2022 was mid single digits volume increase. So what he’s basically implying here is that there is, if the demand is there and it’s very robust, we have – we will have the ability to serve that demand.
Don Allan: Yes. Sure, Michael. So as the year has gone on, obviously some of the margin resiliency has flowed through as each quarter has gone by. So as we got to the back half of the year, we still had $75 million to $100 million out there of possible margin resiliency available that was not in our guidance. A lot of that’s dropping through when I made reference to pricing actions and other actions of $0.30 of a positive when I did the walk from our previous guidance to the new guidance. And so that’s where you would see that play through. We do see another $100 million to $150 million next year that is not in the numbers that I mentioned. And so that would be there for contingency or outperformance as we usually do at the beginning of a year. And so I just wanted to clarify that as well.
Jim Loree: Tim, we have made enormous investments in growth. As you can see by some of the output that we talked about here, and you just mentioned. 1300 new employees, $200 million of run rate investment in the run rate and just a massive commitment to increasing the intensity of sales, product development and e-commerce and all sorts of other growth oriented resources. And also as Don mentioned, adding capacity and so forth, the demand is strong. The conditions are supportive. So serving the demand, I think is the challenge. And I think we're confident we've created the demand and the environment is supportive and we need to serve the demand that is challenging, but you can see we delivered on our third quarter organic growth commitment, 10%, despite the challenges that we faced. And so we have a resilient organization and we have all the growth programs in place. And we have a high level of confidence that we can deliver that sort of growth. There's not a whole lot of restocking in that number, a couple of $100 million maybe a tad more, but I think it is important to point out that there's enough stock in the stores to support a POS growth environment, and that we're starting to see that in recent weeks. So we have gotten the inventories in retail up to where they were a year ago. And we still feel like there's a – maybe a two week to three week kind of additional opportunity for restocking and the retailers will enjoy higher fill rates, when that happens. But right now, the fill rates are sufficient to generate modest POS growth. And that's even before a lot of these new initiatives come to market.
Jim Loree: Yes, I would say that your presumption on the fourth quarter is pretty accurate. And next year, yes, the operating margin rate expands maybe 30, 40 basis points in that category year-over-year. If you look about, how things will kind of play out quarter-by-quarter, we will see a significant improvement in Q1 versus Q4. Things will get a little bit better in Q2 and then the back half, you'll see another step up of maybe half a point to a point in the back half versus the front half. So we would expect continued progression and improvement in those areas. The cost of serve will still be very high in particular in the first half of the year, but that's probably the right cadence for you to think about.
Jim Loree: So I would say that, yes, the number you mentioned for price going in the fourth quarter is the right number. We believe that everyone for the most part is doing some type of price increasing. The question is what geographies and what magnitude, most of our competitors, if not all of them are being impacted by higher logistical costs to serve, additional costs, so to speak. So everybody's dealing with the same dynamic and it's a question of how much you want to have your margins impacted for a period of time versus offsetting it as quickly as you can with price increases. We've taken a very proactive approach where we have, as you saw from Lee, some significant headwinds that we're dealing with here in 2021 that carry over into 2022. They appear to have stabilized in the last 30 to 45 days, which is in our mind a very positive sign. Maybe we've hit the peak in this area. So now it's really about how do you drive the price increases on various products and different geographies to more than offset that. And so we feel fairly confident at this point that we can get, if not a 100% recovery on the price side versus the headwinds, pretty close to it. And so that's then our approach. Then we have productivity that over and above that, that'll help us fund investments and other things we need to do to continue to grow the business. That is the approach we're taking. And it's an unprecedented period of time around inflationary headwinds, but in some ways it helps us do what we need to do because it is so significant and everyone in the industries that we serve are dealing with it.
Jim Loree: It's certainly not a – we do not expect the industry-wide semiconductor market, the semiconductor industry-wide market to basically meet balanced supply and demand until probably 18 to 24 months from now just based on lead times and so forth. But we're a small player in the semiconductor world. We're a niche player and our ability to secure supply has been adequate at this point in time. And as Don mentioned in his remarks, we're already programming to have at least a 25% increase. But that is a Stanley specific phenomenon. And I can't speak for the auto industry or the appliance industry or other industries that use these types of semiconductors.
Jim Loree: Yes. Well, I wish the competitive landscape was getting easier, but it’s not, it’s intensifying and hence the investments in innovation and capacity and growth and everything. So the pouch technology is very exciting though. It is as I mentioned in my remarks, 50% more power, 25%, more compact, 15% lighter and it lasts twice as long. You get twice as many charge cycles. And one of the nice things about it too, is that the pouch technology batteries do not compete with automotive. So we don’t have to worry about the cylindrical cells that go into power tools being much, much a smaller part of the cylindrical cell market. I don’t think cylindrical cells will go away over time, because the pouch cells are slightly more expensive. So, there’s probably a 10% to 20% type premium on the cost of a battery that lasts twice as long. It’s going to be a very pro oriented product. It’s going to play beautifully with the atomic and extreme compact tools. And over time, I expect it to grow to be a significant part of the market. But I don’t see it crowding out of the competitors. I mean, there are active vital competitors who are continuing to invest and it’s a hotly contested race for market share. I think we’re doing well, but so are some of the competitors.
Jim Loree: Yes. I’ll take that. So I’ll give you a quick answer, we can certainly answer more offline. But keep in mind that we put in the 4% to 5% price increase in the third quarter, and then globally here in the fourth quarter, we’re going after another 5% target. So, you will get to exactly what Don talked about a little bit earlier, which is this kind of 3.5% to 4% zone. That’s really the right mindset to have for 2022.
