Jeff Ansell: Thank you Don. 2017 was a special year for our Tools & Storage business, including expansion of operating margins, while delivering 9% organic growth and 19% total growth. This translates to $1.4 billion in growth with approximately half coming from organic initiatives and half from acquisitions, an accomplishment that used to take years rather than months to achieve.  We delivered market leading innovation, quality, and commercial excellence, and as such we are recognized with vendor awards from the largest customers across every channel and every geography. We expanded our exclusive FlexVolt system which offers the user the power of corded with the freedom of cordless. This innovation spearheaded and accelerated dual growth across corded products, 20 volt cordless products and across the FlexVolt range itself.  The Volt was the only provider with growth across corded products as well as low and high voltage cordless products concurrently. Our stable of brands continued to perform well on a global basis. With Stanley Black & Decker, MAC Tools all up single digits, while [Turdo], Vidmar and DeWALT all expanded double digits. All of this occurred in consort with a successful integration of our second and fourth largest acquisition in our history, namely Irwin, Lenox, and Craftsman.  To close the book on 2017, we delivered growth across every region, every channel, every strategic business unit and with all of our top customers. We integrated a complex carve-out in dual tools and build Craftsman from the ground up, all concurrent with delivery of our largest organic growth year in history.  Looking to 2018 and as I Jim mentioned earlier, I’m also pleased to provide an update on our plans for the Craftsman brand going forward. During our October earnings call, we provided an update on the development of our Craftsman distribution strategy. That update included confirmation that Ace, we’d support Craftsman across the hardware channel, and Lowes would support Craftsman across the home center channel. As we continue to develop and fine tune the strategy, we are pleased to confirm that we will also make Craftsman available via Amazon. With support from leading companies like Lowes, Ace and Amazon, we expect to make Craftsman available to far more users than any time in its 90 year history. Overall the support of the iconic Craftsman brand today is overwhelming.  Now I will turn the call back to Jim to wrap up today’s presentation. 
Jeff Ansell: Thanks Jim. The answer to the question, we’ve built a dedicated Craftsman team and split them up so that the core business continues to accelerate even while we build Craftsman from the ground up. So we are developing all the new products to go with the brand that we acquired, and until that is complete we really can’t affectively do capacity planning, which is just beginning as we speak.  While we are committed to launching Craftsman in the second half of the year, customer roll-on plans will be dependent on completion of the customer demand plans along with our capacity plans to ensure supply. As stated earlier the support of this iconic brand is overwhelming, and our teams engage to support as much demand as soon as possible. However, we’re just clear at this point that we will have greater demand than supply in 2018. 
Jeff Ansell: So if you consider what we have to do in the core business, side by side with that we are doing concurrently in the fastening business, we’ll launch about a thousand new products at our core business every year and we’ll make about 85% of all those products that we sell around the world. So we are the most innovative tool company in the world and also we make the highest percentage of what we stock.  That won’t change and it can’t change because our core business have to continue to perform well. Concurrent with that we have to bring up several thousand Craftsman products. So imagine this, we launch a thousand products at our core, we have to launch 2000 Craftsman product around at the same time, and we’re capable of doing that.  At the same time, we want to repatriate Craftsman manufacturing as much as possible for United States. So we made an acquisition in 2017 of the pre-eminent metal tool manufacturing Waterloo that is a dedicated Craftsman manufacturing facility which is one of the things we committed to. So we will bring up that manufacturing of Craftsman products. We will make more than half of those products in year one, and we’ll make probably more than half of these products in United States year one.  But as Don said, it will take probably a 36 month period before we can get to the point where we are making the same percentage of the Craftsman product as we make in our core. But I think over a three year period we can certainly get there and we can repatriate much of that to the US to stand behind the Craftsman Brand.
Jeff Ansell: In addition I would say we look at this, as Don said over a four quarter and time a rolling four quarter basis. And when looked at that way you can see clearly we’ve outgrown the market 2x. And the other feedback that we’ve received is from the customers the largest of our top 10 customers; we received Vendor of the Year Award because our POS would outpace their overall growth in the category. So what that would tell me is that POS is greater than the market, it’s greater than our largest customers, and weeks of supply are in line with prior year. So that says the things that we’re putting are going through the other end of the process in POS and we feel very good about global POS in total as much as we can gather. 
Jeff Ansell: Yes, we couldn’t be happier with FlexVolt performance. If you look at the adoption rate, it’s still running at about 10x in terms of speed of adoption versus key technologies like brushless, which are fantastic. So that’s a great endorsement of what it does for the user. At this point we average about 4.9 stars on ratings around the world and that’s 18 months or 15 months in to the process. That’s the highest ratings we’ve ever achieved. So tremendous reviews, and what we’ve seen occur is as I kind of intimated in my remarks that we’ve seen our coated product that we make where we sell, which is a differentiator for us. We’ve seen that up mid-single digits, as the category was down about mid-single digits.  Our 20 volt range has grown faster than any time in history. At the same time, FlexVolt itself has grown dramatically. So if you add those three things together it says that there is a cannibalization to us there may be in the market, but its someone else’s cannibalization.  We launched key new products in the fourth quarter and the second half of last year. Things like cordless FlexVolt compressor that is revolutionary, its doing incredibly well, our new FlexVolt worm drive style saw that is absolutely converting corded products for the first time in history to cordless, with more follow in 2018.  The point I would make there though is, as we continue to launch FlexVolt, we will launch more and more industrial products as we can get more and more output and capacitites from these products. But if you consider the fact that in the last year putting our FlexVolt batteries in to market to drive cross country a 150 times if it were an electric car, we are incredibly proud of what FlexVolt has done for us. 
Jeff Ansell: If you back in time to when Stanley Black & Decker’s came together, you would look at the volt which was a fantastic brand franchise that probably believe was in a period of decline given the technology change where it offered (inaudible) and the world had moved to lithium.  Fast forward to where we are today and a couple of stats for you. We now make the volt in the United States which the competitors cannot do in power tools. We expanded that the volt brand promise to tremendous hand tools to storage products, lasers, all great products. We introduced our lithium ion answer in 2011 and ’12 and a stat that you wouldn’t be aware of; we’re now three times bigger than lithium that we ever were at our peak in [non-caths]. So that is an awesome statement.  We’ve introduced brushless at the same time. Brushless is now bigger than [non-cath] ever was. And on top of that we’ve improved our reliability, highest reliability in the industry, greatest number of innovations and excellence going on top of that, and you’re seeing what happens. The user who always loved the volt now has so many more reasons to love, embrace and endorse it, and we’re seeing the level commitment to the volt has never been higher and we’re pleased with that. 
Jim Loree: Thanks Jeff and great year, lots of exciting news and for the total company in summary 2017 was another strong year of execution and financial performance. And just to reflect one last time, 7% organic growth, 7% contribution from acquisitions, a 40 basis points expansion in operating margin rate, a record 14.8% and 14% EPS expansion.  We reshaped the portfolio with divestiture with mechanical security, purchase of new tools and the Craftsman brand and these transaction as Jeff said are on track and some of the exciting benefits from them are just on the horizon. And ’18 is shaping up to be another strong year with 5% organic growth, 11% to 14% EPS growth and we are encouraged by the many, many organic growth catalyst across the company catalyzed by SFS 2.0 and a great execution team and also arising through our recent acquisitions.  And I’d like to thank my senior management team, our 57,000 associates and all our stakeholders including the investment community for your strong support as I reflect back on 2017, my first full year as CEO. Our deep and agile leadership team along with our entire employee base remains focused, committed and supportive as we tackle 2018 to deliver strong, above market organic growth, with operating leverage and continue to successfully integrate these acquisitions and generate strong free cash flow.  And additionally, we are energized, our team is energized by our company’s purpose for those who make the world to achieve our 2022 vision and to strife to become known as one of the world’s leading innovators to deliver top quartile financial performance and to elevate our commitment support with social responsibility. And Dennis we are now ready for Q&A.
Jim Loree: On Craftsman there’s a lot of variables on Craftsman. It’s interesting when you think about Craftsman, we brought a brand and maybe like three people along with it, and the work that the team has been doing and consumed for the last year or so is an incredible execution project, multi-dimensional etcetera. The relationships as Jeff pointed out are going extremely well. On the commercial side, the supply chain is going extremely well and frankly we are super excited about it, as I am sure you can appreciate it. As for timing I’m going ask Jeff to comment on that, because he’s managing all these, juggling all these cause at the same time here. And I’ll turn it over to you for a moment there Jeff on that one. 
Jim Loree: I’ll take the second question that Rich tuck in there. On the commodity side of 150 million at this stage that would be representative of current prices. But our view is that would impact our P&L. We’re like always we do contingency planning and we’re focused on if another 30 million or 50 million of commodity inflation came our way, how would we react. So that is factored in to our top process and we are continuously planning.  The FX question for a long time it was a modest negative. It slipped to a modest positive in particular because of what’s happened with the euro and the pound and it strengthened against the US dollar. So we have seen a little bit of an offset in emerging markets where the dollar has strengthened against some of the key emerging market currencies. But right now it’s, day to day or week to week it’s kind of swinging between the net positive and a net negative. So relatively minor impact at this stage and that’s really something we’re calling out as a major assumption or guidance. But clearly it’s something we continue to focus on for contingency planning. 
Jim Loree: Sure. It’s Jim, I’ll take the first question and I’ll ask Don to tackle the second one, and you may get a little color from Jeff about that. So on repurchase; let’s just jump a kind of a little more in altitude to capital allocation in general. And over the courses, as long as Don Allan, Jeff Ansell and I have been part of this company, we’ve had a capital allocation strategy, and giving 50% of our excess capital back to shareholders and then taking the other 50% and reinvesting it. And when you look at the dividend today is running a little over $300 million. Again we’re throwing off 1 billion and that’s a growing number now.  So there’s definitely, when you look at that long term framework, there’s definitely room for repurchase and we historically have repurchased and we’ve done at times when we thought the stock was severely undervalued in general and occasionally we’ve also from time to time used it to manage the share count to kind of a neutral as employee benefit types of dilution occurred or also when we have significant stock price increases and that might create some additional share count.  So we’ve done all of that, but I think right now, with the acquisitions that we’ve made and recently now another 440 million in the pipeline that is really, really strong in the acquisition area. In fact we’re executing integrations as effectively and quickly as we can in order to begin to create some organizational bandwidth for bringing some more acquisitions on.  So with all that going on, repurchases are fairly low on our list of capital allocation priorities. But that could change. We think of that over the long term and then we operate tactically in the short term based on a myriad of different observations and considerations. And so with that I’ll turn it over my colleagues here. 
Jim Loree: We still feel like the opportunity is very significant. It’s very difficult to gauge at this stage any change that we should make to that assumption. That assumption was based on what we believe are very reasonable factors. As we get deeper in to this tiny process that Jeff just described a few minutes ago, things will come to life when we indicate how quickly this ramp will go. But we are at a very early stage of this process and so at this point we are not looking to change anything around those assumptions. But as we get deeper and as those roll up, and when Amazon goes online at some point at this stage, we’ll probably provide an updated view on what we think the Craftsman brand will do. But it’s far too early. We’re sitting in January to really alter those assumptions. 
Jim Loree: As I indicated in my presentation, I’ll kick this over to Jeff for additional commentary. We were in line with our expectation for FlexVolt. FlexVolt will be a contributor to our guidance next year in our organic growth at 5% in the company, and it continues to be a very positive performer for us. I’ll as Jeff to give a little more color on that. 
Jim Loree: We were very pleased with the margin performance of Tools, as I mentioned 50 basis points improvement year-over-year, an incredibly strong organic growth. However, there’s a little bit of pressure on the margins for some of those things you mentioned. Commodity inflation continues to be something that we experienced in the fourth quarter that rolled on to this year with really no price recovery in the fourth quarter. And then I would say that was modest rate increases associated with the high levels of organic growth, but nothing that really dramatically moved the needle in the business. But I think the major factor was more in the commodity (inaudible).
Jim Loree: The FlexVolt program has been a tremendous brand development and brand halo that had an effect on what was already an amazingly strong brand in the professional but guaranteed tough kind of segment, and plus it just takes it to another level. So that’s one thing. I think the second thing is, and I’ve said this before the installed base that we’re developing of batteries that work on 60 volt to FlexVolt tools and 20 volt tools.  The FlexVolt battery obviously works on – is backwards compatible for the 20 volt. So when you start to develop this installed base of batteries and all of a sudden you have the functionality, the user has the functionality to be able to run the tool effectively three times longer of a 20 volt tool that is a real kind of value driver and value proposition advantage for FlexVolt.  So I think that was sort of one of the things that we wondered how effective that impact would be. And I think what we’re finding out is it’s probably very, very significant. That’s my (inaudible) and then I’ll turn it over to Jeff and see if you have anything more you want to add to that. 
Jim Loree: I’ll give the margins question to Don, but the way I’m thinking about FlexVolt at this point, it’s going to be a steady contributor to our organic growth as time goes on, and at this point it’s hard to really understand FlexVolt, versus 20 volt, versus (inaudible) and what are all the dynamics other than we know what’s already been said which is, it’s a positive mix of effects and in that regard I think it’s going to continue to be a real catalyst for above market organic growth for Stanley Black & Decker’s and for (inaudible).
Don Allan: Sure. The first quarter clearly would be pressure because of that 50 million of kind of net to price commodity cost segment I mentioned. So for the tools business you will see a rate decline year-over-year in the first quarter because of that. And we also had an outstanding first quarter last year from a rate perspective for tools, and so you have a difficult comp and then you have this dynamic I just described. So it will be down a little bit year-over-year because of that.  But as the year progresses, you’ll see that get better and better and probably modestly down in the second quarter, and the it will start to show improvement year-over-year in the third and the fourth quarter. And it’s really because of that dynamic of commodity, inflation, hitting us pretty hard in the first half without the price recovery not coming until the later stages of the second quarter and back half of the year. 
Don Allan: What I said was mid-single digit POS, not mid-teens, although we would love mid-teens, but it was mid-single digits. And I look at POS, you can’t really go crazy analyzing it quarter-by-quarter, you have to look at it over a multi-quarter period of time. And if you look at the North American business because I was commenting about POS and North America for certain customers, it was a little bit lower than the performance in North America, a couple of points. However, when you look at it over the entire year, it’s very much in line with the performance of our revenue performance for North America versus the POS for the year.  So that’s the best way to look at. The other thing to remember is that we had really strong performance outside of some of our retailers in North America in the fourth quarter, low double digit performance in the commercial channel. So you have to keep that in mind as well, that’s really pushing that number up in a positive way.  So truly those two factors, and again like we mentioned before, quarter-to-quarter POS is an important statistic to look at, but its more about the trend that you’re seeing and what you’re experiencing over multi quarters. And Jeff is going to answer on that. 
Don Allan: I think the best way to think about it is that, the leverage that we put in our guidance has a couple of factors in it. Clearly one is, when you’re describing there’s a little bit of launch cost and the cost associated with Craftsman that has to be factored in in to that at lower profitability, and they certainly will be nice component of our organic growth in 2018.  The other thing to consider is that we have been on a steady program of investing for future growth in general as a company. And so as we get growth organically, we look at what investments we want to make in certain areas to continue to drive this growth over the mid-term and long term. And so therefore the leverage numbers you see are a little bit lower because of that as well. So it’s really those two factors that are driving that dynamic that you’re describing. 
Don Allan: On the margin question on FlexVolt, I would say that we did have that period of time where we were below line average. It probably extended a little longer than originally projected because some of the investments we were making in our marketing in particular to really make sure that people understood the technology and how tactful it is and clearly some of the comments you’re hearing from Jim and Jeff would indicate that added the chase.  So as we go in to 2018, we would expect it to be right around line average margins and it’s not something that would be negative to the margin or a dramatic positive at this stage. 
