Joe Taranto: Sure Jay. Well I think I’ve been with – through this with many of you who are on the call, but I’ll go through it one more time for everyone’s benefit. The Board decided it was best for the company if I continued as CEO. Once this decision this was taken it was mutually agreed that it was best for Ralph to pursue other opportunities. We thank him for his many contributions at Everest and we wish him the very best. There are no financial issues whatsoever in connection with this matter. I am fully dedicated to continue to build the franchise. The Board will resume its succession planning and it can be done in a deliberate manner, since I’m here for two more years. Currently with regard to the President’s role, I will be sharing that role with the Executive Vice Presidents. Our EVPs are seasoned group, they’ve known our customer for many years as I have. So I expect no interruption to business. Our team has increased book value per share by 14% compounded over 15 years. And we’re 11% through the first nine months of this year despite the catastrophes. So I expect us to continue to build value. As far as the strategy and the game plan on virtually all fronts, it continues as it has been. I’ve been the CEO and continue to be the CEO. And I think that probably summarizes what I need to say on that front and I’d like to move on to questions for the quarter and the strategy and the future.
Joe Taranto: Well what I meant there is, that is mostly a casualty book of business at this stage. And the casualty, certainly US market is very difficult. We’re seeing most lines of business are 100ish in terms of combined ratio, some a bit higher, maybe a few bit lower. They’re going to need to press on rate. We’re doing that in the comp market, we were probably the first market out there to start that, at least in a meaningful way. We will continue to push this year and next. We are starting to see the market being a bit helpful in that regard. We’ve done well in these the new operations that we started on the direct side, our FID&O [ph] group is doing very well and where we have selective opportunities on the direct side, we’ll need to grow that. We are looking currently at some opportunities that are not casualty and I think some of the better opportunities going forward for the next year or so maybe in the shorter tail space. So we are examining that as well. We’ve been pushing on the general liability front. As I noted with not great success at this point, but that doesn’t mean that we won’t continue to keep pushing, we will. And if we have to sacrifice some business there, we may. So our outlook going into 2011 is to be disciplined. It’s not necessarily we wanted to grow. We may grow in the shorter tail or the direct side, but we’re going to push for rate in all the business that we have. We’re not going to particularly worry about the top line. My guess is we’ll probably be down next year in the insurance space top line versus this year. We’re much more focused on the combined ratio. So I expect us to do better starting next year. Its little bit hard to give you exact numbers in the sense that it’ll depend upon the marketplace. And as far as our team having their work cutout for them, it’s not just our team, it’s going to be anybody in the casualty insurance space in the United States.
Joe Taranto: I mean the MGAs that we currently have – we’re very pleased with them, we have some very long standing relationships that we expect to continue. But as a general direction, I think especially at this part of – at this time in the marketplace, unless it’s something unusual most of the future growth would probably be more on the direct side, having said that that’s going to be slow too if the market stays the way it is. We’re not going to be too aggressive on that front either. So it’s really is just selective opportunities to come into us. We’re probably more keen on the direct side. We’re probably more keen on the short tail side. If it’s in the casualty space, it’s going to have to be proven to be highly specialized that we think it’ll deliver some very, very good results. We were able to achieve that a year or two ago with regard to the FID&O where we hit a nice window of opportunity and continue to have a very good renewal base that works for us. So it’s – the general direction might be more direct, more short tail. If it’s an MGA opportunity, we won’t exclude it, if it’s really an exciting opportunity. And those that we currently have that we very much likely will continue with. That’s been the plan, that’s been the trend for us for the last year, maybe the emphasis is a little bit more on some short tail mix to kind of go with the casualty, it’s something that we’ve been promoting more recently but that’s the plan. That’s – and to stay very disciplined on the casualty side.
Joe Taranto: Well I think most people believe that there will be some moderation in pricing that’ll continue into January 1. So the general expectation is CAT rates will be off a bit, I guess I hear 5ish percent change down as what most people believe. Clearly if it’s in a pocket where they’ve been losses it will be different, there will be a correction. And we saw that in Chile. You’ll see that in Australia, any other pockets that have had losses, you’ll see some upward corrections sometimes you see a model change that might lead to an upward correction. We saw some of that in Canada. But in the main I think on the property side and on the CAT side, you’ll probably see things come down a bit same for retro CAT pricing. Insurance rates, property and casualty, US and outside the US, again we continue to see a bit of a slope down. Casualty rates you’ve heard about my concern in the US. So I think you’re going to see more of what you’ve seen in the last three – six months except for some selective pockets. I mean we’re pretty lucky that we have this international franchise that we can go into the product lines and into the countries that we really think are offering some new and exciting opportunities. Brazil was a good example of that in the last year or so. But China, I would probably add to that list and even Africa to a degree. But it’ll be tough sliding in terms of any companies that’s mature growing its top line business in 2011. I think we’ll see some more challenges and I think discipline is the word to be used.
Joe Taranto: I haven’t really seen much change on that front, either at the insurance level or the reinsurance level. It may creep in as you go into 2011. I don’t expect much of that to change in January. We expect there will still be some very good pockets of opportunity besides the international space. I think it was Vinay that mentioned the Florida quota shares, we’re involved there in pretty important way and that’s actually one of the spots that is improving in the sense that underlying insurance rates are going up by a meaningful amount for the first time in years. So it will be a question of picking the spots that make sense and being discipline in those that don’t make sense.
Joe Taranto: The book is roughly about $300 million of book of business. Our clients have received pretty much approval for 15% rate increase this year over last year. So their book tends to be growing on the back of that. Keep in mind too in terms of CAT rates; they are paying a little bit less this year than they did last year, so their net has improved that way. And they’re trying to improve the book in some other ways as well. So I think at least for the important relationships that we have, there is much more margin this year if you will than there was a year ago and of course there needs to be, because you have to have a good result to pay for those CATs when they do come along. Fortunately, they haven’t had a hurricane in a few years and they didn’t have one so far this year. But that’s actually improving in terms of the quality of the attritional and the overall combined for the partners that we have, so we’re happy about that. Keep in mind we also have some containment on that book in terms of where we get stopped out. So that’s an equation that actually has gotten better in the last year. In fact we’ve done less excess of loss in Florida and a bit more on the quota share, our PML is pretty much to-date the same. But remember the excess of loss ratio has actually gone down, probably will continue to go down into next year. So the ROEs on that business is a little bit less favorable.
Joe Taranto: No it really wasn’t, Ian. I really do think much of the issue just goes back to what Dom said about picking some numbers that are higher. It really is nothing emanating specifically from Florida. That portion of our book, we do like better as we just discussed. But we know at the same time that we have this overall market that if I put it all together, it’s so sense – it’s not better this year than it was last year and so let’s pick some higher numbers. If they prove to be too high as things play out next year or the year after, that’s all well and fine by us. But no, there was nothing new and different coming out of the Florida claim side that I looked that as particularly worse.
Joe Taranto: Well it’s certainly not an easy state. I think some of the smaller competitors are – no, that hasn’t concerned me. I think they’re in a different part of the market than we are. Some of them are the USL&H business or the high hazard group, we’ve been in the low hazard group. We haven’t really grown our book of business in quite sometime. We have a book of business that’s been very steady with a very high renewal and retention ratio. And we’ve been there for a quite a number of years. So I think we have a team that knows what it’s doing, but it is still very difficult to figure out just what the medical inflation is going to be for 2010. A lot of the tort reform that was put in place, some of that is certainly being attacked, it will be fought out in the courts, it will be while before we know exactly what the answer on that front will be. So there is still a fair amount of guesswork in terms of just what the severity will be. And I think there is every reason given that to push for rate and to try to be safer. And that’s why we’re pushing for 10 and even as you heard with the 10, much of that may get taken in our mind to pay for severity changes. And we’ll continue to push for something next year on top of what we’re getting this year. So it’s a dicey market, and no question of that. And that’s why even there its more rate than a lot of discipline as far as we’re concerned and watch it closely.
Joe Taranto: Through nine months, okay. So $160 million through nine months. So again would be a bit over $200 million annualized.
Joe Taranto: And we don’t seem to have the reserve number in front of us. So we’ll get back to you with that Ian.
Joe Taranto: No it’s purely where we want to put the money that we think it would be best. And it’s a tough call. As you can imagine for anyone in today’s market and, but we are a little bit more drawn to the equity space, some of that’s because we’re less drawn to the bond world. Dom had mentioned we’re going into the bank loan space to some degree in the high yield. So we’re like the rest of the world look best opportunities. We’ll still have very big bond portfolio being an insurance and reinsurance company. But pound-for-pound we probably are finding more opportunities in the equity side today with new money, than we are in the bond side.
Joe Taranto: Well I think I told you that the Board asked me to stay on and I’ve agreed to and that means that I’ll need to be dedicated towards that end and I am. And that’s why I said I’m energized and I will just do all the work that needs to get done. There will be a succession plan put in place, that the Board will work on that. But they can do that in a way that it’s sensible and deliberate. So I’m here, I’m energized, I’m dedicated to working hard.
Dom Addesso: Well I don’t know I have the direct correlation for you Jay, but I guess I was just trying to suggest that many of our limited partnerships use the equity market as a benchmark in terms of valuations. So that was part of a reason or big part of the reason that our limited partnerships did not experience any uplift in our books for the third quarter because it’s on a quarter lag. So those valuations were based on the 6/30 equity market. And so given the fact that equity markets are up for the third quarter, I would expect that there should be some upward momentum or lift coming from that, but I don’t have a prediction on what that might be.
Dom Addesso: Vinay, this is Dom. I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it really reflects a conservative reserving approach. We’ve got certainly in the overall markets a softening market trend. Generally that’s in casualty but also property rates are flat in some jurisdiction and even down in others. So it’s partly in recognition of that as well as in recognition that loss trend although sometimes uneven is a never ending progression upwards. And as I said it does not necessarily mean that loss trends in any one year up but over the long-term, loss trend is on the rise. So we feel that its conservative position in fact, based on the way we’re – we price the business, our pick loss ratio is actually higher than our underwriters estimates that they’ve recorded on each and every detailed treated level. Now it’s my experience that you tend to want to need to do that in a softening environment, in terms of trying to mute some level of optimism. But we feel we’re very conservative in our position and very confident that those numbers will hold up.
Dom Addesso: No, again as I mentioned in my remarks, its low yield available in the marketplace. And we have redeployed some new money to share repurchases, as well as in terms of maturities and new money into share repurchases and into the equity markets and a declining overall yield.
Dom Addesso: Well, we think it certainly has room to go up even at 0.63 or even if you change the mix of property business relative to our own capital models as well as rating agency models, we feel that we have some amount of excess capital which is why we continue to be very bullish on share repurchase.
Dom Addesso: Well I mean certainly we have rating agency model which produces one number but we tend to use our own economic capital models and depending on those scenarios it would be anywhere from $500 million to $1 billion.
Dom Addesso: I can’t speak specifically as to what our practices have been in the past, but I can tell you that generally I think our approach more recently has been a bit more conservative.
