Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom and good morning everyone. Everest had a solid quarter of earnings, with net income of $349 million for the first quarter of 2019. This compares to net income of $210 million for the first quarter of 2018. The 2019 result represents an annualized net income return on equity of 17%. Net income included $74 million of net after-tax realized capital gains compared to $19 million of capital losses in the first quarter last year. The 2019 capital gains were primarily attributable to fair value adjustments on the public equity portfolio. After-tax operating income for the first quarter was $282 million compared to $220 million in 2018. This represents an annualized operating return on equity of 14%. These results were driven by strong underwriting results across the group, stable investment income and lower catastrophe losses compared to the first quarter last year. The overall underwriting gain for the group was $196 million for the quarter compared to an underwriting gain of $108 million in the same period last year. In the first quarter of 2019, Everest saw $25 million of catastrophe losses related to flooding in Australia compared to $100 million of catastrophe losses reported during the first quarter of 2018. Overall, our prior year catastrophe loss estimates continue to hold. We revised the ultimate loss estimates by event and by segment with no change in the overall loss estimates. Estimated net favorable prior year catastrophe development was offset by $24 million of adverse catastrophe development on the third quarter 2018 Japan loss events. No other events breached our $10 million catastrophe threshold in the first quarter of 2019. Therefore, any losses arising from these events were covered in our attritional loss estimates, which include a load for estimates less than $10 million. The overall current year attritional combined ratio was 87.4%, up slightly from 87.1% in the first quarter of 2018. The attritional loss ratio remained relatively flat at 59.2%, in line with Dom’s earlier comments, while the commission ratio of 22.5% was up slightly compared to the same period last year, primarily due to changes in business mix and contention commission adjustments in the reinsurance segment. The group expense ratio remains low at 5.7% and was lower than prior year due to the increase in earned premium. Our reported combined ratio of 88.7% was lower than first quarter last year, primarily due to the lower reported catastrophe losses in 2019. For investments, pre-tax investment income was $141 million for the quarter. This was based on our $19 billion investment portfolio, a new record for Everest. Investment income was 2% above the first quarter of last year. This result was primarily driven by the increase from the investment grade fixed income portfolio, which had a higher asset base this year. This was partially offset by lower limited partnership income. Since some partnerships report income on a quarter lag, this quarter’s results reflected the poor equity market performance of the 2018 fourth quarter. We would expect there to be improvement in the limited partnership income going forward if the public equity market trading conditions continue to improve in 2019. The pre-tax yield on the overall portfolio was 3%, flat compared to 1 year ago. However, both investment grade and alternative fixed income yields were up year-over-year. On income taxes, the 12.5% effective tax rate on operating income was close to the 13% tax rate we expect for the full year. Positive cash flow continues with operating cash flows of $460 million for the first quarter of 2019 compared to $196 million in 2018. The increase reflects a lower level of paid catastrophe losses in 2019 compared to 2018. Shareholders’ equity for the group was $8.4 billion at the end of the first quarter, up $523 million or 7% compared to year-end 2018. The increase in shareholders’ equity since year-end 2018 is primarily attributable to $349 million of net income and the sharp recovery in a fair value of the investment portfolio, partially offset by capital returned through $57 million of dividends paid and $60 million of share buybacks in the first quarter of 2019. Additionally, we purchased another $9 million of shares after the close of the quarter, for a total of $25 million year-to-date. Everest continues to maintain a very strong capital position with low debt leverage and high liquidity in our investment portfolio, in addition to our robust cash flow. As Dom mentioned, the strength of our balance sheet is critical to the success of our business. An attestation to this is the affirmation of our A.M. Best A+ superior rating announced last week. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operations.
Craig Howie: So, Amit, we go through a comprehensive approach this is Craig to review our cat reserves on a current year basis but also in prior years as well. And we go through them. We look at each of them. However, we reserve on a group-level basis, not a segment-level basis. These events do not always fit neatly into a segment because the exposure can be written from multiple segments. We tend to react quickly to any adverse development, as you saw from the Japan loss events from 2018 that we took a charge for, but we take our time to react to any favorable development until that position becomes more mature. So, you may see movements between segments, but it’s really done at an overall level.
Craig Howie: So, Elyse, this is Craig. Expenses year-over-year, one of the things that you saw at year-end, was variable pay expenses, where we’re taking down at the end of last year, predominantly due to the profitability of the book. Those are back in normal, ranges for this year overall, but what you’re seeing is just a slight uptick in expense dollars. But overall, the expense ratio is staying at a low level of 5.7% overall.
Craig Howie: Overall, it relates to a bunch of things. It relates to contingent commission and the mortgage true-up, but it’s also relates to the business mix that we had with more pro rata business coming on the books that John just mentioned.
Dom Addesso: Amit, we don’t forecast earnings or try to give you any specific guidance on the numbers. In large part, that’s the job of you and many others. I think what we’re trying to suggest is that our first quarter numbers, not surprisingly, would be consistent with our 2018 loss picks on an attritional basis. And I think what we’re also trying to suggest is that we’ve got ahead of us rate increases that were already some of which was came through in ‘18. We’ve got rate increases coming January 1 and April renewals, and then of course, highly anticipated June account. So, I think what we’re trying to suggest is that there should be improvement in that number. And that’s somewhat, of course, dependent upon what the level of rate increases are, which we don’t try to publicly prognosticate on a specific level of rate increase. So you’re on your own.
Dom Addesso: Well, that of course, Amit, is somewhat dependent upon what’s presented to us at 6/1. As we’ve said, we certainly would anticipate some meaningful rate activity and terms and conditions, which are improving, which essentially is rate. But naturally, that will vary by client. So, in some cases, the level of rate activity will vary by client, I guess is where I’ll try to leave that. Our activity at 1/1 reflected some reduction in our exposure, as you could see from our PML’s disclosures. And that was, of course, due to the fact that we did not achieve the level of rate increase that we felt was necessary. And on a risk-adjusted basis, some of the accounts were non-renewed. Whether or not that present itself in the same way at 6/1, not very likely. We certainly anticipate 6/1 will be much stronger than what we saw at 1/1. And what we saw at 4/1, by the way, were meaningful rate increases. And in fact, Japan was an area, for example, where we had pulled back in more recent times due to risk-adjusted pricing going down, but we actually increased slightly our participation in Japan at 4/1. So, it’s a mixed bag. It’ll be dependent upon what the market opportunities present to us. But I don’t know that you’ll necessary, see us meaningfully increase our exposure.
Dom Addesso: So, Elyse, I’m going to ask John to comment John Doucette to comment, but let me just say that consistent with what I’ve said before is that we try not to prognosticate where the rate increases will be going and frankly where they even need to be. It varies by client, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, depending upon client experience, other relationships, risk-adjusted returns, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. And frankly, it doesn’t really do us any service to be trying to put a specific number or bar on it. I think it probably telegraphs an inconsistent message or an incorrect message to The Street. And frankly, it perhaps depending on the client relationship, it could be the inappropriate target for a specific client. So, it doesn’t really serve our purpose to be putting a benchmark or drawing a line in the sand, so to speak, as you described. But John, do you have any further...
Dom Addesso: The only thing I’d add to add, Elyse, is that while it’s maybe precisely on point to your question, hopefully this helps. I did describe earlier that we’ve increased our participation in the Japan market. And there, we’re seeing rate increases of 20% to 30%. So maybe that gives you some notion of our appetite and maybe perhaps what’s needed generally.
Dom Addesso: So, we believe that last year, when we established that reserve, we were at the high above frankly, we’re way above where the industry estimates were at the time. So that obviously kept us in good stead as well as the fact that we’ve essentially when you look at the losses in Asia, we’re looking at them as a group of losses as with respect to that marketplace. So, I think all of those factors combined enabled us to have that managed appropriately.
Dom Addesso: Is down over year. But the commission ratio had a and I think you referenced the U.S. reinsurance, that had a contingent commission adjustment in the first quarter, a true-up, if you will, due to the mortgage book.
Dom Addesso: Not in any meaningful way. I think generally – and that’s primarily because in any particular class of business in a particular geography, and of course, this can get pretty minute. But if that were the case then you’d be seeing us take capacity move it away from those from that sector. I’m not sure that I could really highlight anything that’s moving in the wrong direction.
Dom Addesso: Well, first of all, our – we would certainly target an ROE in the double-digits. Clearly, we would expect a higher ROE out of our reinsurance business and the insurance business given the volatility there. A couple of 100 basis point difference, but that’s about as specific as I think I’d want to get without giving you a specific number, which would then, of course, translate into an earnings projection.
Dom Addesso: Well, there would be – we would expect the industry – the primary industry to obviously realize some of the reinsurance rate increases. I’m not so sure that, that would translate into margin compression on their end. I think their rate levels, clearly, the reinsurance spend is only a portion of their gross written premium. But I think the economics are such that I wouldn’t necessarily expect any compression for their margin because of increased reinsurance pricing.
Dom Addesso: The one area, Josh, where you may see some of which you’re suggesting could be in Florida with some of the smaller companies, where they may feel a little bit of pressure from rising reinsurance costs, but that would be the only spot where I think that would potentially go through.
Dom Addesso: And to be specific about our process and I know we’ve mentioned this from time to time, what we do in our process is that after the last reserve study and this will apply to every class of business, we then apply to that last reserve study selection, we apply what’s happening with rates. So, if there are rate decreases going on in the marketplace, we will take the last reserve study pick and adjust it downward or upward, I’m sorry, for any rate decreases and the opposite if there are rate increases going on. So, that’s how we deal with it specific to our company.
Dom Addesso: Good. I’ll just sum up here. Thank you for joining this morning and for your questions and discussion. Certainly, we’re off to a good start for the year, but more important is what is likely to unfold as the year progresses. And I think as you have heard from us and other market participants the rate outlook is quite positive. This along with our many business initiatives and expansion opportunities causes us to be very optimistic about our future. So, I look forward to interacting with many of you in the weeks ahead and have a good day. Thanks again.
John Doucette: Yes, and thanks, Dom. Elyse, thanks for the question. First, I do want to highlight that there’s actually been 3 years of hurricanes hitting Florida, not 2, with Matthew, Irma and Michael. And I think there’s been a lot of movement there, and I think there’s been – as Dom said, as we look at this, we need to achieve the rates that we expect at, and that will vary by client. That will vary by product. That will vary by attachment. But we fully intend to differentiate the clients in terms of how they have performed with their losses, with their LAE, with AOB, with their loss creep, et cetera. So that will all factor in. We clearly see capacity tight as we head into the market both as I touched on in my earlier comments, both on the traditional and in the alternative space for a variety of reasons due to some of the aforementioned reasons, but also just the reload the alternative capital and the lack of reload. So, a couple of other points, that we continue to look to where we want to allocate capacity and not just property that’s not just by a client in Florida. And we are allocating more capacity to global clients, where obviously as Jon Zaffino articulated, deploying more capital and capacity on the insurance space. We’re seeing increasing opportunities on the casualty reinsurance space and, as I said, on the mortgage space. So, all of that factors into a higher required return threshold for where we are headed into our Florida business. We don’t predict rates, but we think it’s going to be a very, very late renewal, potentially messy. And ultimately, we think it’ll be profitable for us.
John Doucette: Yes, and I just want to give a little bit of a frame of our market share in Japan. So, if you think back since over many years, we had post, the Tohoku earthquake substantial rate increases, and we significantly increased our book of business then. And then over the last several years, there had been a downward pressure on the rates. And we, accordingly, kind of turned our books each year a little bit for the worst performing accounts, and we also were moving up capacity, which I think is reflective of where we find ourselves for the Japanese book overall.
John Doucette: Yes, and Elyse, this is John. I just want to add a little more color on the mix change. So, we also have been talking about increasing our casualty book of business overall, increasing our pro rata business. And at 1/1, we took action based on rates tied to our property retro and aggregate retro portfolio, and that decreased. The combination of those, all those, do have or did have an impact on the attritional combined ratio.
John Doucette: No, I mean, we continue to deploy more capacity into the mortgage space, which we think has a robust risk reward characteristic. And as you may recall, the mortgage book are basically multi-year deal. They’re over several years. So, deals from 3 years ago were still getting earned premium, 2 years ago, et cetera, 1 year ago, as well as writing new premium. That certainly has the directional impact of improving the attritional combined ratio given the potential profitability in the mortgage portfolio.
John Doucette: Good morning, Ryan, this is John. So, our Japan book is about $60 million – $50 million to $60 million, up slightly this year over prior years. The mix would be – I don’t have that in front of us. The mix would be mostly excess of loss business and that’s mostly property. There’s some other surety, fidelity and some other smaller programs that we write for a lot of the major clients.
John Doucette: Yes. What we’re clearly seeing a lot of our clients, reinsurance clients, looking to grow – to buy more frankly, grow their reinsurance treaties and some of them are property-driven for volatility. Interestingly, we’re still seeing a lot of demand on the casualty side of the house. And that is resulting in – so to your – to the original question, we’re still seeing non-property rate improvement with improved terms and conditions and lower ceding commissions on the casualty, the broader casualty part. And then we’re also seeing some pick-up in some of the specialty reinsurance areas, aviation, marine, et cetera. We’re seeing some lift, some of that’s really loss-driven. So, we’re seeing some opportunities there that we wouldn’t have found attractive in prior years, but at a better pricing, we could put more capacity to work there.
John Doucette: So, let’s start with first, all models are wrong. And every time a loss happens, some of the weaknesses get demonstrated and then there’s kind of a look back and a retooling back to cover the losses that happened. And I think that’s one of the reasons why we take a pretty holistic view on – across the whole board and really try to think about it on a first principle basis and so not just be model-driven. So, our – I think the data is getting better over time overall, but it’s still not nearly as good in a lot of international areas as it is in the U.S., that would include Japan. But it has gotten a lot better over the last several years and the models therefore are also better.
John Doucette: Just to add a little more color, we also benefit – and this is where I think data and experience with clients, clients’ business in different territories, I mean, we write this business for over 45 years. We write in basically all P&C lines in all territories and have traded with 70% of our clients for decades now. And that’s incredibly helpful because we can pull up prior year submissions. We can pull up similar clients and we can look and build. So, I think being – having a global footprint for a long period of time gives us a very strong insight into what we think the market really is, the loss pick really is and the rating environment really is, which I think has helped us time and time again being in that favorable position to be able to execute on that and not just rely specifically on what a specific client information tells us, but to be able to pull in across kind of our institutional knowledge on actuarial pricing and trends – loss trends and whatnot.
John Doucette: Yes, it’s a great question. Again, we try to absorb all the information out there. We don’t really try to make specific predictions on what this is going to do or what that is going to do in a while. I’ll go back to 3 years of hurricanes hitting Florida, a lot of capacity, the loss creep that we did see, I think capacity is tight, as Dom alluded to, a lot of the reinsurance clients there, their reinsurance programs are capital for them, and I think they need to be reflective of the not-so-great experience over the last couple of years. We certainly hope and we think it’s a positive move that the Florida legislature is addressing this issue. So, hopefully, that’ll make an overall better healthier market in the long-term.
John Doucette: I think there could be – I think – I don’t know if your question was insurance pricing, the original pricing or reinsurance pricing.
John Doucette: I think it’s going to be – I’m – there’s going to be directional movements up and down on all that stuff. But again, I think the capacity is tighter at this renewal.
