Ralph Jones: Thank you Joe, I am thrilled at the opportunity to lead the Everest franchise next year. You set the bar pretty high during your tenure as CEO Joe. During the last 10 years the average growth and book value per share was over 14%. Even with all the challenges of the decade, from 9-11, to Hurricane Katrina, then financial meltdown, it’s a pretty high standard of achievement in our industry. It’s a great company, I like the people, I like our position of strength, and I like our prospects. Thank you Joe for the opportunity.  Overall it was a good quarter; we wrote just over $1 billion in written premium at a 93 combined. The largest segment is international which includes Canada, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa, which wrote in total $307 million in written premium for international in the second quarter, up 12% in US dollars and 9% in base currencies in the countries in which we operate. Much of the growth came from new business in Brazil, rate increases in Australia, and in Latin America, but mostly in Chile, and larger signings in Canada and in South Africa. Combined ratio for international was 106% in the quarter, and that included 26 points of the cap loss from the earthquake in Chile.  The US Reinsurance business written premium was $268 million for the quarter, about flat over last year. Some of the growth came in the property segment but this was offset by a drop in the crop reinsurance line as we lost two treaty clients that were acquired. The combined for ratio of US Reinsurance was 79%. As respect to the marketplace we are seeing some good opportunities in property and have a strong renewal season in Florida, which came mostly on June 1. We renewed both of our large quota share deals on similar terms to last year, terms we like. As respects the excess of loss property CAT contracts, we non-renewed or reduced our overall limits exposed by about a third. Some of this reduction was targeted and some was in response to rate reductions we deemed as excessive.  Of the business we renewed, rate reductions averaged about 8%. On balance, we continue to support about 17 of the Florida insurance groups. New capacity available in the Florida wind business allowed the primary companies to see some benefit this year. This was also beneficial to our two quota share partners. On balance, between the quota shares and the XOLs, our aggregate exposure in Florida and the profit potential overall was about the same as last year.  Our specialty segment was up 15% to $65.8 million in the second quarter. The marine business continues to shrink, but we are up significantly in the accident and health book. This is a result of growth in the travel accident business, as well as several new self funded medical accounts. The combined ratio on specialty was 119% as a result of the reserves taken for the offshore oil rig in the Gulf. Our loss estimate of $22 million is about what we indicated it would be last quarter. This is for the property damage on the rig itself.  Our Bermuda operations, which includes London, Dublin and Brussels was $167 million, up 3% from prior year 75 combined. Not much new to report from Bermuda, except that the casualty market is soft, the dollar is strong and the CAT loss for Xynthia is less than we anticipated. And this, in part accounts for the very good underwriting result for Bermuda operations in the quarter.  Our direct insurance operations wrote $205 million in the quarter, down 4% over the prior year. We continue to face headwinds in the US casualty market which makes up most of our direct business. We are now down to six core programs in Everest National that gives us the prospect for an appropriate underwriting margin. Our shift in emphasis for the direct specialty lines continues. Our accident year run rate is about 101% combined. This quarter we ran at 105, due to the settlement of a few large claims for a runoff professional liability program for architects and engineers.  Rate increases held at plus 2% for the GL book and plus 9% for the California comp book, which I’m pleased with. I’m also pleased to report that Mark Herman has accepted the role of CEO for our insurance operations. Mark has been running our speciality operation in New York for the past year. He was formerly the President of Ace Bermuda, and brings a great underwriting track record to his new assignment. Darrell Bradley, our President of Everest National and Marketing will make a great leadership team as I begin to delegate this day to day responsibility.  Overall, we are making some money and we have our dukes up as we battle the marketplace, marketplace with more capacity than good opportunities in general. Over to Dom Addesso. 
Ralph Jones: On the California comp book, we are pretty pleased with what we are seeing. We have about a $230 million annualized book of business, it’s roughly kind of a third of our insurance operations. We’ve filed for rate increases and we’re actually getting what we are looking for. So, through the first six months its just under 10% rate increase and the reserved position looks good. So, I don’t know, I think you might be referring to Seabright, but I don't know what their issues are, but we are very comfortable with what we got and how the market is playing out. 
Ralph Jones: The Only thing we see that kind of dampens to some degree the impact of the rate increases is that the audit premiums that we get have tailed off, because the payrolls are down. So, as you project some of these audit premiums for some of the clients and their payrolls are down that becomes less income to you over time. But that really impacts the volume as opposed to the margin. So that’s the trend we are seeing.
Ralph Jones: On the dividend question Cliff, there is no plan to modify it at this point. We did change it rather significantly a couple of years ago. We pay about at the 2.5% dividend on the stock price which is a healthy dividend, and frankly I think I find it better to take any extra money and put it into share repurchase at this point. So, I think it’s a good dividend and right now the plan s to keep it the same. 
Ralph Jones: I wouldn't describe it as steady as she goes Jay. The results have been very good over the ups and downs of the market cycle and that’s a direct result of very disciplined underwriting, particularly on the treaty side. So, don't expect any major changes there. We are constantly looking for opportunities, but we can take those opportunities as the market yields it to us. And given the current outlook in the insurance market the way the pricing trends are going it’s probably has headwinds over the next couple of years.  On the insurance side, I think we have a decent business, but it hasn’t performed particularly well. We are working very hard to have that perform in a way that’s commensurate with the reinsurance company, which is very strong. And all hands on deck to make that happen. I think you could see the trend that we’ve been defining over the last year which is an emphasis more on direct specialty lines that present a margin where underwriting expertise matters, versus a more of the commodity, property casualty, or let’s say mostly casualty MGA model. We are happy with the six partners that we have. We are down from a larger number a year ago, but we’re very happy with the six we have. And we’ll continue in that business. We are happy with the California comp play that we are making and Mark Herman and his leadership will be a big boost. And he has more of a specialty lines background, a lot of depth in the professional liability side of the house. So, we’ll kind of work to have that perform better.
Ralph Jones: Well, it’s probably the largest in any quarter ever. It tells how strongly we feel about that as increasing value for shareholders. Having said that, we will continue to not forecast what we plan to buyback something that we preferred to feel the process as we go through the quarter. Taking into account all the issues, including hurricane season, including stock price and everything else that needs to be taken into account when you get into share repurchase. So, the plan is to continue to purchase, including in this quarter. And the plan is to purchase going forward, because certainly at today’s price we think it’s a great thing to do. But we are not going to put dollars onto it right now.
Ralph Jones: Well, the expense model for MGAs is relatively high, because you are paying a commission and then you are paying an MGA fee. And that fee is roughly, on average 7 to 10 points over the underlying commissions. And you are going to need that same kind of framework to deal in the specialty lines, because you are focused on building the appropriate teams for the appropriate opportunities. So, I expect the expenses to be down somewhat over the course of time. And not immediately.
Ralph Jones: Well, in general the PML is about the same. On a overall basis we see good opportunities in Asia-Pacific. We had strong growth in the quarter in Singapore and that book came principally from Australia, as I mentioned. We saw strong growth in Canada, and see good opportunities coming out of Canada, which we book in our international line. And we saw probably, fewer opportunities in Europe. We have an office in Brussels that deals with the continent and those opportunities were fewer. So, if you kind of go around the world and look at the aggregate exposure, particularly for CAT exposure on the one in 100 or one in 250 PML. We saw it down in the European crosswind, we saw it about the same in Florida as I mentioned in the second quarter in the US. We saw it down in Latin America, principally because of reactions after the Chile earthquake. We saw good rate increases in Chile, on the order of 70% to 80%. Of the renewals that we had coming on July 1, we renewed five out of the six. One we didn’t and that was kind of a significant PML reduction because of that. But the ones we renewed we are happy with, and we are happy with the rate escalation.  We didn’t see a broader rate escalation outside of Chile. Particularly little bit stronger demand, a little lower supply in some of the other Latin American countries, but not to any great degree that we had kind of expected because of the size of the industry loss there. But by and large, the PML aggregates overall are about the same.
Ralph Jones: Yes, again a lot of these treaties come up on January 1 Vinay. So, you could see in the first quarter some of that growth was as we defined and as we expected through the course of the years and treaties come out and it is very similar pattern to the way we described it in the first quarter. Canada is very strong. We see good opportunities in Canada. Some of that is rate increases, particularly for CAT programs in the Western part of the country. We saw strong rate increases in Australia, partly because of the CAT losses in Australia. We saw rate increases in South Africa, and some of that Middle East and South African business which we kind of put in that bucket was up. So, it’s I would say equal between rate increases, larger signings on current customers and some new business. But it was really, pretty broadly spread on those four parts of the world.
Ralph Jones: Well, the number of customers is approximately the same. I’m again going back to the international question. So, the number of customers came about the same, but you’ve got the remember that within the international segment, we had the new office in Brazil last year which is going to write between $80 million and $100 million this year. And that is principally new property business that’s quota share, that’s not subject to CAT exposures like other parts of the world. So, a lot of the growth that you see comes from that new operation in Brazil, which is kind of earning its way out in 2010. Which is not CAT exposed. 
Ralph Jones: There was really no other CAT activity other than the movements that we mentioned. Chile was up a bit and Xynthia was down, but other than that there wasn’t a lot of activity outside of the US. Some of the US activity was floods in Nashville, but that really came in as under the attritional column for US reinsurance.
Ralph Jones: Yes that’s an annualized effective tax rate based on the projection of taxable income for the remainder of the year. Of course that can change relative to what kind of CAT events if any we have in the third and fourth quarter. That’s the big swing there. And we have assumed some level of CATs in our estimate for the remainder of the year. So, if there are none, then that’s obviously a good thing for operating earnings, but of course then the effective tax rate would move up. But net-net it would still be a positive earnings story.
Ralph Jones: For the remainder of this year, correct. If in fact the level of catastrophes that we’ve put into our assumptions come to fruition. If they don’t, then that tax rate will go up. But, operating income will go up at a faster rate.
Ralph Jones: Yes Brian and you’ll note that our cash in short-term positions have been coming down over time, so we’ve been trying to remain more diligent around moving out of assets yielding less than 1%, and trying to put that money to work. As well as increased cash flow. 
Ralph Jones: Well on the XOL contracts we are very near the top. Now that can move a little bit because of currency movements, but nevertheless it’s still in the last 10%. We are up in the 90% range in terms of maxing that out. On the production-ratas our aggregate limits there are in the low $500 million range.
Ralph Jones: Well on a combined basis the accident year picks in the mid 90s and that's about the same as last year. Even though we’re getting rate increases.
Ralph Jones: Its two pieces to the book. One is, we write directly through our operations and underwriting operations in Orange County and Oakland. And the other we have through a good program manager in San Diego called Arrowhead. And principally, it is construction and agriculture.  
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: A couple of questions. First, with respect to the insurance business, now that you scaled down the MGA relationships and given that you are going to have more of a direct focus going forward, how should we think about the expense structure in that business? Both acquisition and MGA. 
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: With respect as to how you are deploying your capital by geographic risks, can you give us a sense, and I guess to some extent I am hoping you’ll dig in a little bit what happened at 71 as well. But, just major geographies around the world whether or not your PML is up or down, relative to last year.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: And then, for Dom I guess just in the alternative portfolio, most other companies that have reported strong numbers have pointed to real estate and private equity. I was just curious if you could give some color on the strong gain there.
