John Doucette: Good morning, Josh. It’s John. Thanks for the question. I would not characterize it that way and we always are continuing to evaluate loss trends and factors that go into our pricing. And really, it was a function of the loss adjustment expenses that happened in totality when the multiple events happened, but we do look at and have modified our loss adjustment expenses going forward and we did going into this renewal season at 6/1.
John Doucette: I think there is a lot of countervailing occurrence that are happening. And at 1/1, that’s more of a different market. 6/1 is Florida and there is a lot more territories at 1/1. So I think there are a lot of moving parts, including some of the capital. I think there was more macro overarching supply demand as we headed into 6/1. There is a lot of moving parts that are there. With did, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did write more on deals that we liked and wrote – declined several deals or reduced the share of deals that we didn’t like and some of that was pricing, some of that was what we thought the right kind of either an agreement or disagreement on what the price equilibrium should be for losses that happened or losses to particular layers, so either by region or to a client or to a layer and what we thought the price equilibrium should be for that. So, it was more than usual churn in the portfolio this Florida season than we had seen, but we were in the end pleased with our ability to deploy the capital, supporting the clients that we wanted to support. We also wrote more proportional business as we indicated both in casualty and in property.
John Doucette: And Elyse, good morning, it’s John. I’d just add a little more color on the portfolio so we did see rate increases at different points in time this renewal season post the events again, we talked about it at 1/1 was it as much as we were hoping for now but we did see rate increases at 1/1, 4/1, 6/1 and 7/1, and that is going to have some impact in the numbers you’re looking at we also as we continue to build out our mortgage and credit portfolio, that has run to an attractive combined ratio and there is a lot of other things I talked about the global clients and the strategic relationship we are building with some of those, also has run favorably so there is a lot of moving parts but again, just to reiterate from the prepared comments, we really believe that our overall portfolio, our U.S. international casualty, professional, property, mortgage, structured is better positioned today that we’ve been able to get rate in some places but also position the portfolio and build some stronger portfolio overall that will impact that has impacted the attritional combined ratio.
John Doucette: Good morning, Yaron. Thanks for the question. So, we are – so a couple of things. So I mentioned the global clients and so the large, the top 15 or so multinational insurers, we see them coming back, I would say, the pendulum when we have talked about this over the last several earnings calls or years, where they were retaining more, centralizing their ceded, re-globalizing their treaties and sometimes that worked for them on a pro forma basis and sometimes, it didn’t – maybe it didn’t work as well on some of the classes of business with some of the volatility they wanted and we do see that there seems to be as the pendulum seems to be moving a little bit in the other direction that they are potentially ceding more. And that is a disproportionate advantage to Everest, because they have very strong type reinsurance security committees they want to trade with people in basically all lines of business, not just property they want to trade with re-insurers in all lines of business, and they want to trade with them around the world and given our broad portfolio and experienced underwriters that are situated in all the major markets, hubs around the world, we have that ability to trade with the global re-insurers locally as well as holistically at a corporate level and that is driving not all, but it’s driving some of it we are also seeing continued opportunities in the mortgage space and frankly, we are seeing other clients coming to the market with casualty and professional reinsurance treaties in a way that we haven’t seen the last couple of years so we had been bearish on the casualty space for many years and ahead of our peers on decreasing as the ceding commissions went up, and we didn’t like the trade as much or the strategic positioning of that and we are directionally moving increasing our capacity to that space as we do see more favorable dynamics for us to allow us to support casualty and professional treaties and again, we do have some strategic relationships there, not just with the global clients, that are resulting in some meaningful premium opportunities and you asked about the ceding commissions we are seeing, in some cases, the ceding commissions coming down there’s been a lot of talk about that, that maybe if property can’t subsidize other lines of business, that other lines of business will have to stand more on their own so at 1/1, we were pleased with that, and we continue to see some favorable movement on ceding commissions across our long tail book of business.
John Doucette: So, we trade basically with all of them, the top 14, 15, 16 of them, but it varies, where some of them, we trade a lot more and part of that’s their cession strategy, their reinsurance strategy on how where they are in that thought process part of it is long-term relationships that we’ve developed with them part of it is where they’re situated so there is a lot of moving parts, but we do trade with all of them but what we are seeing is our ability that when they come to the market, they would come and talk to Everest they will come and talk to a few other large global re-insurers, but they won’t necessarily talk to a broad reinsurance panel and again, that is disproportionately impacting favorably our ability to grow the book and diversify the book.
John Doucette: Hi, good morning Amit, it’s John. So look, we are well aware of limitations of the models and that these are tools and one of the things that go into how we underwrite, how we price and how we reserve and there were many examples during not just the 2017 events but events prior to that, that showed model misses from the major vendors, and that happened multiple times, including during the 2017 events, with orders of magnitude missed so we agree with you that the models are a tool and need to be thought that way, and so we rely we look at the models, but we rely on first principles as well as underwriting who the clients are we want to support, what do we think of their underwriting, what do we think of our positioning with them, how they trade forward, how they treat reinsurance and/or retro writers and we think that allows us to both build a profitable book of business as well as build a sustainable, competitive franchise with clients that we have around the world.
John Doucette: Yes, we use AIR. We also look at RMS. We look at other a lot of AIR and RMS haven’t developed in some of the more developed developing countries, and we looked at local models we try to look at all data sources, all modeling, all vendor models that we can to determine what we think is Everest to a risk.
John Doucette: Yes. So, this is John. So, the short answer is yes. As indicated previously, Mt. Logan participates on basically quota shares of layers and portfolios of business that Everest writes and consequently, the cession to Mt. Logan grew particularly – grew accordingly with the increase in the loss picks that Everest put forth.
Dom Addesso: Josh, these multiple events also had – because they were multiple events, had a disproportionate impact on our retro add book. And as a result of pricing demand that we had back in January 1 we actually have less exposure there than we did in the previous year. Go ahead.
Dom Addesso: First of all, big portion of our outwards book is through Mt. Logan, which is proportional as well as some facultative specific deals, which again are for the most part proportional. So, those are not affected. Our cat bonds, which frankly make up the bulk of our protections beyond Mt. Logan, are really intended to be protected against capital events, not earnings events. So, we still feel very comfortable with our cat load that we profess to be under 9% and that our protections are the same or better.
Dom Addesso: Right. So in response to your first question, I will take a little bit of – I slightly disagree with characterizing it as above our peers. It’s frankly more in line. We manage our cat exposure as you know on an after-tax basis as do many others, but most others aren’t being in Bermuda, don’t have some of the same advantages from our tax structure that we do. So frankly, we consider it on that basis. And again given our capital position, given what I mentioned in my script, was that again over the last 5 years, our overall cat portfolio has been extremely profitable at generating over $3.5 billion of profits in that 5-year time period as well as I think if you look at our operating ROE compared to our peers, I think you will find that we lead the group there as well. So, the answer to your question relative to tax is we manage our cat exposure at less than 9 points of combined ratio points on an annual expected basis. And frankly over the last 5 years or 10 years, it’s actually proven to come in right in around that number. So we think we have kind of optimized our portfolio. The fact that we write a lot more retro and retro ag than most other participants again because of our size and our scale can lead to a little bit more volatility, but again we think that that’s come with the appropriate returns. I don’t know if that answers your question, but...
Dom Addesso: I always prefer to look at a half year number, because any one quarter can have a fair bit of volatility in it, but I think the half year number is fairly reflective of kind of what we expect going forward recognizing of course that it was positively impacted by the non-cat – the scarcity of non-cat cat events, which is frankly has not occurred for a number of years. You might recall last year, it was for both primary companies and re-insurers, there was a lot of storm activity in the first half of the year that didn’t reach the level of, in our case, $10 million per event, so we call them non-cat cats. But recognizing that difference, depending on how you would like to account for that in your models again in the 6 month numbers would be more reflective of how we see the portfolio.
Dom Addesso: To further add to that, John mentioned in his prepared comments about, as well, a low combined ratio line expansion in or growth in trade credit political risk and surety again, we have, over a number of quarters now, worked hard to diversify our portfolio not only by product and class of business but also geographically and I think that if you look at the underlying metrics, you’ll find that we’ve achieved a lot of that success and that’s, in part, what’s driving down what historically had been a much higher annual expected cat load, driving that down below 9%, notwithstanding the fact that, yes, we have these events in ‘17, but again, given the fact that we have a retro book that, in retrospect, was not – it was not a surprising effort.
Dom Addesso: Our growth with these global clients, for most of those relationships, the total volume has grown not all, but so we can’t if you’re trying to get to is there are small handful, it’s across the spectrum, no.
Dom Addesso: Well, I mean, I can’t speak to what their process is, and I think I’ve already suggested that we have to make some changes in the way we look at these things and I’ll point back to and I can’t speak to what the circumstances were in these two companies, some of which, by the way, we may have supported on the retro side and didn’t see losses from them until the second quarter. So that’s kind of an interesting sidebar, but we were disproportionately impacted by our retro ag book, which by definition is going to be late record and I think overall, I can’t speak to what they’ve done versus what we’ve done, but we know we have to make changes to how we address these multiple events going forward I will also point to the fact that you might recall that in the weeks following and the months following these events, that widespread press reports of claims being closed, the events were not as large as was expected so there was some market chatter, if you will, that wasn’t setting off any alarm bells for us and clearly, in retrospect, that was a mistake, and we had readily admitted that but for sure, the loss itself is certainly contained within our capabilities, within our earnings our long-term track record is still intact and when you go back and push this event back into ‘17, I still submit to you that our operating returns were better than all of our peers.
Dom Addesso: To add to that, Kai, we have some of our newer lines of business, longer earning periods, whether it’s surety, trade credit, political risk, transaction risks and those portfolios are beginning to build, and the earned premium is growing proportionally there and those are very low combined ratio classes.
Dom Addesso: But nothing material, and some of that has to reflect the fact that we had some newer business coming into that line so it has to be reflective of the business that we’re now putting on the books but generally, it’s been pretty stable.
Dom Addesso: Thank you, Todd and thanks to all for your questions today. I hope you came away with a better understanding of the circumstances regarding our reserve change. But nevertheless, as we look back at the portfolio and our business model, we remain very confident that our underwriting strategy is solid. And as I mentioned, it’s evidenced by our 5-year average operating ROE through 2017, which after adjustment for the cat losses was 11.8%. This is better than each of the companies in our peer group and I think it’s worth emphasizing. Cat business is volatile. But as I pointed out, it’s profitable through the cycle and again as I mentioned previously, it’s less than 9 combined ratio points on average through those same 5 years. But what I really – I think the message we want to leave you with is the understanding of the breadth of our entire business model. And over the last couple of years, we have succeeded in lessening our cat exposure by diversifying our reinsurance portfolio and the credit, other specialty classes along with as John talked about, the resurgence in our casualty lines of business. And as a consequence, the attrition results continue to improve. Furthermore, the organic build of our insurance operation has been noteworthy. We now have profitable specialty insurance operation expected to exceed over $2 billion in premium. That’s double from 3 years ago. I recognized in the short-term that it maybe very natural to look at the current results in this business that can be sometimes misleading. And if you more closely examine the underlying metrics, I think you will find and get a better sense of what the future holds for Everest. So, we believe it’s a bright one. Thank you very much for your interest this morning.
Craig Howie: Elyse, on the IBNR, we believe that we have put up adequate IBNR and when we went through these calculations for these catastrophe events, our goal was to put this issue behind us. And so we believe the IBNR that we hold for all our cat events and that’s separate from our non-catastrophe reserves is adequate to cover in any and all prior year cat.
Craig Howie: So Amit, as we went through this from the ground up, we did look at the aggregate covers that had losses submitted on them, and we know what those limits are that remain on those covers but what we really did from a modeling standpoint and going to the underlying underwriters was try to find out what other aggregate covers have we written where we haven’t seen a loss selection yet, and we are trying to extrapolate that across our portfolio so that’s what’s included in our additional loss estimate for these events.
Craig Howie: So Kai, this is Craig. We pre-announced a net after-tax number, and that number was net of other current year weather related losses so as you heard us talk about, we were able to lower our loss selection on the reinsurance side for non-cat losses, if you will, anything below $10 million we were able to lower that loss selection because we didn’t have many events during the first half of the year that were indicating reinsurance exposure so that’s what was offsetting that $65 million, and then the rest is after tax to get us to the $25 million that was in the pre-release.
Craig Howie: There was always movement, Meyer, with respect to loss picks throughout the quarter we constantly look at, we hold reserve committees at the end of each quarter as part of that process, we do that both on the reinsurance side and the insurance side, but as we go through that process, we look at everything, we look at rate change up or down, we look at loss cost trend up or down, but there is constant movement in those expected loss ratios in any given quarter where the movements this quarter. The answer is yes, slight movements only.
