Mark Kociancic: So I say going -- thanks Yaron. Going back to the reinvestment rate, we're roughly at 3%. I see that increasing over time certainly with pressure upwards on interest rates; I see that only going up for us. On a current basis, the market value or the market yield is greater than the core and so there's upward momentum on that side. In terms of the portfolio itself I'd say roughly one-ninth to one-eighth converts to cash for 2022 and then when you combine approximately we would expect something around the $3 billion operating cash flow level for the year that's a significant amount of investable funds. And I'd also make reiterate the point that I made in my opening remarks that we've got roughly 20% of the fixed income portfolio in floating rate securities which will help that reinvestment yield.
Mark Kociancic: So Elyse it's Mark. A few points that you asked there. So first of all, let me just start with the CAT and then we'll get into the acquisition ratios. On the CAT, I made this point last quarter that our expectations for 2022 with the CAT ratio for the Group of less than 6%. And so that's, I think, a meaningful reduced expectation versus last year, and definitely on a historical basis. So there is some reduction that that's expected there. On the acquisition ratio, I would say, a couple of points. We have, if I start with reinsurance. I would say it's broadly in line with last year, probably a little bit higher, you're seeing us trend at 24.9% here. Last year, I think we were in the low 24. That's principally because of mix of business. I did mention some of the one-offs we had in Q1 last year that would drive it. On the insurance side, we still see a declining net acquisition ratio. And that's a combination of things. You've got both ceding commissions coming in on certain lines of business, depending on the mix. And then just lower broker commissions versus our expectations on some of -- some other lines as well. But I'd say there's probably downward pressure in general on the primary side for acquisition ratio.
Mark Kociancic: Brian, not too much more to add to that. Although I will say that we see excellent opportunities on organic expansion right now within both insurance and reinsurance. Doesn't mean we can't do both. But there's a really nice marketplace for us in our view. And so I'd say capital is really being privileged for that right now.
Mark Kociancic: So it's Mark, Meyer. I think as long as we're broadly within alignment of asset and liability durations we're in a good spot. I don't think there's a lot of benefit when you look at where the yield curve is right now in terms of the short end and the flatness of really going long. So for us, it's really looking for kind of a mix of things. So you're obviously looking one, to match generally the duration of between or the ALM matching, in essence; two, yield credit quality, liquidity of the securities and the actual alpha you think you can capture in the securities that you're looking at specifically any specific asset classes. So we look at it probably more granularly. I wouldn't get hung up on for example; we got an asset duration of three, one this quarter and a liability of four. That yield curve is really not appealing to stretch it out for the extra basis points that we see.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Yaron. Thanks for the question. As I said in my prepared remarks, it was an active quarter, right, and we did end up as an industry having over $14 billion in cat loss. That translates to about $30 billion in economic loss. So I would say this is elevated for first quarter. And as I said, look, I looked at the data going back a number of years and all of this. And as I said that first quarter that typically is quiet hasn't been quiet right. So I would expect that $14 billion is definitely more active than what you normally would see.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Ryan, it's Juan Andrade. And let me start. And then I'll ask Mike Karmilowicz to join. Look, I think the first point is, we still feel very bullish about the growth opportunities in insurance, as I said in my opening remarks. I think in some ways, we're only scratching the surface of the potential that's out there. And it's one of the reasons why we now have international expansion underway and frankly, while we continue to gain traction in the U.S. market. We're good underwriters. And what you saw us do this quarter is what any good underwriter does. You're looking at your portfolio, you analyze it. In some cases, there's going to be things that you like, and then have a good economic return and there's things that we don't like. And so therefore, you exit them, because we see better opportunities to deploy capital and move in that direction. So if you think back at that 15% growth rate for the quarter, some of that was impacted by the fact that we did reduce volatility as well in the insurance side similar to our strategy in reinsurance. And the other part of it was driven by one specific account that we decided to non-renew and move away from it. But that's the general theory. But we do feel very bullish about the growth rates in insurance. And I would ask Mike to maybe jump in and add some additional color.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. And it's obviously something that we look at on a pretty regular basis, particularly as we go through all of our ceded reinsurance renewals on all of this, and we have made changes in our different treaty protections, et cetera, et cetera. The way we tend to look at this from a philosophical standpoint is, as we get additional rate, additional terms as we continue to feel very good about our own underwriting, then by definition, we would want to keep more of that net with a company and you see us doing that in certain lines of business. But we balance that against the volatility and the appetite that we want to have on any particular line of business at the same time. So the short answer is we are constantly making tweaks to that depending on our line of business, depending on the geography, et cetera. But we feel pretty good about where we are right now. And I would invite maybe Mike Karmilowicz to add a little bit of color as well.
Juan Andrade: Yes, thanks Mike. Good question. Look, we feel pretty good about where we are, as I said that, I would actually say that rate is outpacing expected loss strength comfortably for us across the board. Right, so you're right, excluding comp, it's a 9% increase in rate that we saw in the quarter. And it's hundreds of basis points lower on that, where the trend would be basically. I would tell you that we have consistently updated our loss trends assumptions, really since 2019, 2020, 2021 upward reflecting higher loss trends in our pricing models and exit year loss trends. So we monitor that pretty closely. But I can tell you, we're comfortably above loss trend right now really, across all lines of business, with the exception of workers comp, which is the only one that I flagged earlier.
Juan Andrade: Yes, so look if you're running at a 9% increase in rate, our loss trend is lower than that by several 100 basis points, basically.
Juan Andrade: Yes, no absolutely, Brian, I'm happy to give you a little bit more coloring and context and all of that. Let me reiterate though, something that I said in the earlier comments. We don't see this event as changing our profit objectives for the year. And I think that's probably the most important thing to take away. The other part of that is any loss estimate that we can give you or frankly, any of our competitors give you at this time is really purely speculative, right. And the reason for that is the worse ongoing physical damage and economic disruption are uncertain. It's changing in the investigation application of key coverage is still in its infancy, right. So that's essentially kind of where we are with all of this. As we have done that very detailed assessment of coverage that I talked about earlier in my remarks, I can tell you that for instance, on the primary side on insurance, we would have close to zero exposure in any event, very, very little. On the investment portfolio, Mike I'm sorry, Mark certainly talked about that. And you saw the impairment that we did in the quarter as well. And on the reinsurance side, we would have limited exposure and the way I referred to that is, we have very few like one or two former Russian scenes that are no longer clients of ours. So that's a very little exposure from that perspective. And then when we look at sort of lines that could be exposed to all of this, you certainly look at the some of the aviation lines that could be exposed. Although that's a relatively small business for us in the quantum of overall reinsurance. You could also look at potentially some marine lines that could be exposed. You could look at some trade credit, political risk type stuff. But we're much less concerned about that. And then you would look at some of the political violence covers as well. But we're also relatively small on that. So let me ask Jim Williamson to actually even go deeper into that, and just give you a little bit more granularity.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Brian. So let me start and then I'll ask Mark to add. So the short answer to your question is, yes, we absolutely have the capability to go in and do buybacks. As you saw us do last year as well. Frankly, our stock was trading at a pretty good level. During the first quarter, there certainly had a bit of a dip as the war started sudden and you saw us come in, and we did have some buying activity, even though it was relatively small. But when you think about how we think about capital management, that philosophy hasn't changed in from what we have been articulating. Frankly, since I've been the CEO of this company. And we reiterated on our Investor Day last year, which is our number one priority, really is to privilege our underwriting businesses, as we see accretive growth opportunities and everything that we have been sharing with you this quarter and in past quarters, is that journey that we have to continue to expand margins improve the underlying profitability of this company, and you've seen us do that. So from our perspective that really is sort of priority number one. Beyond that absolutely we will consider share buybacks. We will consider other things at the same time. But let me ask Mark here to jump in.
Juan Andrade: Meyer, the other thing. This is Juan Andrade. The other thing that I would add to what Jim has just said is keep in mind the discussion that we've been having about rate in excess of loss trend. And we have been saying that very consistently, really, for the past three years, essentially. And so by definition, you are building margin, and you are extending margin there. As we have also said before, we haven't taken that to the bottom line mainly because of all the issues that we're talking about with regards to inflation and severity, and all these other things at the same time. But from our perspective, and as Jim alluded to in his answer to Ryan with regard to the casualty loss pick, we do look at this. And we do change it, we do tweak it right. So it's only a matter of time, as we get the data as we examine things as things season that you're going to start seeing that coming into the bottom line. So I think that probably gives you also a more forward perspective. And again, bring it back to the rate versus trend discussion.
Juan Andrade: Great, thank you for all your questions and the excellent discussion. I think as you can tell from our tone, we are optimistic about the opportunities before us. We definitely see a trajectory for continued growth and expanded profitability. We're continuing to build this company, accelerate the progress and create greater value for our investors, our clients in all of the markets that we serve. So thank you for your time with us today and we look forward to seeing you at the next earnings call.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Josh. This is Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. And it's a good one. Look, what we've seen and what we've been reporting is two factors that you described. There's a tremendous amount of margin creation happening in the primary casualty market driven by rates, but also by changes to limit re-underwriting, et cetera. And that's definitely playing through. And we're seeing that in our data. At the same time, cedings are looking to recapture some of that margin creation, the increased ceding commissions, and we've seen that dynamic play out. And what I would tell you broadly speaking, really only to Everest portfolio, our view is that trade is resulting in improving economics for us, meaning the improvement in the underlying market is exceeding growth rates and ceding commissions. Now, that's not true on every deal across the market, which is why the thoughtfulness and the selectivity of our underwriting is so important. And we measure each and every deal. And what we're looking for in this environment is margin expansion. And in those situations, where we see ceding commissions running ahead, and deteriorating margins, we're choosing not to participate. I would say broadly at this point, overall it's still a pretty rationale market out there that way. And so we see some real good growth opportunities continuing.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Josh, it's Jim again. Look we have a very robust capital modeling and risk management process that we operate at the Group level and we are really evaluating capital deployment across all of our lines at a very granular level between both reinsurance insurance and our investment portfolio. And we certainly take into account, total capital usage and optimization when we're making those decisions. So when we talk about deploying relatively more capital to casualty versus property, we're accounting for the fact that you do get diversification benefits, and you do get opportunities to deploy capital, in some cases, multiple areas. And so we're not seeing any area in the portfolio where we're failing to deploy capital at the most efficient level, when you look at the growth.
Jim Williamson: Sure, Ryan, this is Jim Williamson to give you some of that detail. Look, I think a lot of this is the result of some of the conversations we've been having with you over the last few quarters, which is we've seen very consistently, strong margin improvement in the underlying primary casualty market. That's rate that's limits, that's terms conditions, et cetera. And we've been very prudent in how we've revealed that improvement in our loss picks. And we've said, we've waited, and we've been waiting for that data to prove itself to start to see it in our numbers, et cetera. And so I think what you're seeing this quarter is the result of that prudence. And it's the result of that underlying improvement. And so on a year-over-year basis, we have seen an improvement in casualty pro rata in particular, and underlines as well, that have allowed us to basically settle on lower loss picks for those lines. We're still being prudent. We're still being disciplined. And we're still not taking full credit for the trends we see. But we are starting to flow through some of that margin. To give you a sense of quantum. On a year-over-year basis, we saw about a 140 basis point of margin improvement due to lower expected loss picks. And that was then partially offset by the change in mix, because if you look at Q1 2021 versus 2022 there is a dramatic change in our mix. We were about 60:40 property casualty this time last year. It's closer to 50:50 now, and that's certainly an offsetting factor as casualty carries a higher loss pick. But I think all of this is a result of the market trends we've been discussing. And we see those trends continuing as we head into the year and we continue to see pricing in excess of even elevated loss trends.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Elyse this is Jim Williamson. We would definitely reiterate our commitment to that target, and we're very confident in it. And it's a combination of factors. One, while casualty does carry a higher attritional loss ratio, and a slightly higher attritional combined ratio. Those numbers are coming down year-over-year, you see the improvements that we were talking about earlier flow through the book, and we began to reflect that in our loss picks. And while I cited a 140 basis point improvement year-over-year to our pick based on improved loss picks. It's higher than that for casualty. And so we're seeing that happen. And so that's critical. And then the other part, when you think about the total combined ratio to what Mark just said, which is for the Group, our targeted CAT loss ratio went down and that's also true of reinsurance. And so, when you ladder all that up, our expectation is, certainly that those won't be headwinds to achieving our goals. We're very confident on that. The other thing I would just say, and this is particularly important, I think, as we roll through the summer. We're still very much a leader in the property CAT market. And we take meaningful lines. We've been doing that in improved economics that 401 as Juan indicated in his opening remarks. We were able to take less risk by any measure, whether it's PML, AAL, et cetera. But we're going to getting paid more profit dollars, more expected profit dollars will flow to the bottom-line. And that will certainly have an impact on our traditional and ultimate combined ratio. And we see good opportunities through the rest of the year to continue to execute that strategy. So I think all of that comes together to give us a lot of confidence in the targets we set out.
Jim Williamson: Yes, sure, Brian, this is Jim. And I'll repeat a little bit of what Juan said and give you a little bit more detail. Because obviously, these topics have been heavily covered, there's a lot of speculation happening in the media around potential losses. On an aviation basis as Juan mentioned a relatively small, there's one small part of our book. There is significant uncertainty around the extent of potential loss, in terms of actual units of aircraft exposed and that numbers been changing. The application of coverage notwithstanding some of the posturing that you've seen, I think there are real questions related to which coverage will apply, and to what amount. We've also taken very significant actions in our own aviation book over the last two years, to position it to withstand shock losses in a much better way. And so that gives us a lot of confidence. On a marine basis, particularly given when you look at haul, we do have, and we know that there are trapped vessels in the Black Sea, for example, there's a lot of uncertainty about -- around the size of those vessels, whether they'll ultimately losses on those vessels, or on land cover, cold war et cetera, can also be in the marine area. There are properties in the Ukraine, obviously, that could potentially be exposed. As we've evaluated our book though, we don't really have concentrations of property in the area where the conflict is ongoing. And so it's both uncertain, but also at this point appears very manageable. On a trade credit and political risk basis I think our teams have done an outstanding job of managing that exposure. On the terms of those contracts, as you likely know give primary insurers a lot of options when there's dislocation in the market, there's been a lot of cancellation activity and so that exposure, that potential exposure has been shrinking by the day. We've also seen a lot of payment activity continuing in those contracts that haven't been canceled. So that's a good sign. And then, lastly, on political violence, again, that'll probably apply primarily to property exposures. In the Ukraine, there's a time limit on those covers. And again, as we've evaluated potential exposures, we don't have heavy concentrations in the major cities that have been subjected to the conflict in a meaningful way. We haven't had any reported losses other than one, which was less than $300,000, of potential loss from a political violence perspective. So you know, looking very, very manageable at this point, and tremendously uncertain. And so we're just continuing to have dialogue with our team. We're assessing it and we'll keep a very close eye on it.
Jim Williamson: Sure, Meyer, it's Jim Williamson. Wanted to step back, just to reiterate our reserving process, which is very robust and has been strengthened meaningfully over the last few years. We're taking a very disciplined approach to reviewing all of our carried reserve positions every quarter. We've implemented a number of automated tools to allow us to do that. We are closely monitoring IBNR consumption at a very granular level across both reinsurance and insurance, by line, by accident year, et cetera. And then, of course, we have our ground-up reserve studies that were conducted, none were actually completed in the first quarter, but we will start getting completed reserve studies in Q2, and that's on an accelerated schedule, accelerated over last year, which was also accelerated from the prior year. So a lot of eyes on our carrier position. Now, when you look at you start slicing our IBNR, and our very reserved position in the all those pieces I described. You're clearly going to see movement on redundancies in some areas, deficiencies in some others, et cetera. But overall, I would reiterate what we've said in prior calls, which is we're very confident in the strength of our carrier reserve position. And we have seen no information, really, since the end of 2020. That would cause us to take any action, any meaning material action one where the other from a reserve change perspective. And so and that's certainly through this quarter. And so again, we'll continue to monitor it. And if that changes we'll certainly, you'll be the first to know.
