Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth. Good morning to all, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call, and we have a positive report for you today. Before we dive into the quarterly results, I would like to touch briefly on the characteristics that have helped the Everest Re Group deliver above average returns. Certainly our size and scope are important differentiators, but more critical to our success is the entrepreneurial and decisive culture that permeates our organization. We are not satisfied with the status quo, but instead, continually seek to expand our horizons for new opportunities as well as increase our penetration to existing clients. Examples of this would be our expansion into credit opportunities in both our Reinsurance and Insurance businesses. And just this quarter, we participated on the new National Flood Reinsurance Program which represents new business to the market. As governments seek to privatize certain markets, we could see similar additional opportunity. So why is this important? These new market segments allow us to continue to diversify our portfolio away from the more competitive markets and sustain underwriting profitability. This, and a constant focus on expenses, and our expanding use of capital market tools explains why we continue to outperform the market. This now leads me to our discussion on results, which again were quite positive for the quarter. Operating income increased 17% in the quarter to $260 million, giving rise to $6.29 in earnings per share, and a 13% operating ROE for the quarter. The increase in earnings is a result of an increase in both the underwriting and investment income. Furthermore, the underwriting result improved in both the Reinsurance and Insurance division. While our reinsurance combined ratio was up slightly over the prior year, due to a relatively minor increase in cash, the increase in earned premium propelled us to a higher underwriting result. Increase in earned premium is a continuing result of broadening our reinsurance product set over the last several quarters into crop, mortgage, and other credit-related opportunity. Entering into credit-related business has contributed to the almost one-point improvement in quarter's attritional combined ratio, 80%. John Doucette will discuss this in greater detail in his Reinsurance operations. The Insurance segment results improved year-over-year to an underwriting gain position. This was in part a result of the drag in the prior year from the crop operation that we sold late last year. Excluding the Heartland crop business, the attritional combined ratio of 98.1 for the quarter reflects a stable loss ratio, but an uptick in the commission and operating expense ratio. The commission ratio was up on a changing business mix, while operating expenses are trending as planned. We continue to build out the North America and European platforms, and have had great success with gross premiums written up 21% in the quarter excluding crop. Expenses are still outpacing earned premium thereby putting pressure on the expense ratio. But we would expect this to stabilize as the operation matures. However, despite this more elevated expense ratio, you will find that by comparison we are still quite efficient relative to the market. We are pleased with what the team has accomplished in a relatively short timeframe, which was aided in part by the market dislocation created by a few large players. In fact, given the opportunities presented by this market turmoil, we accelerated our investment in the operation. You will hear more details on all this later in Jon Zaffino's operations report. Another strong spot this quarter was investment income, which increased approximately $20 million. Our alternative portfolio accounted for some of that improvement, along with a higher asset base. Our strategy here is not much different than the fundamentals principles we use in our total business, conservative yet look for differentiated opportunities that provide good margins relative to risk. As a result, our overall portfolio has a beta of less than one, but yet our returns have been in the upper quartile relative to our peer group. Overall, we continue our optimism in our ability to not only outperform, but also provide above-market returns through the cycle. I maintain that optimism because of, as I referenced earlier, the well-diversified platform we have built, but perhaps more importantly because of our adaptability to market changes and opportunities. That comes from a corporate culture that embraces new opportunities, and that has the skilled talent to execute. You will hear more about our newest initiatives from my colleagues and how we continue to build our franchise for the future. Thank you and I look forward to your questions later on. Now to Craig, for the financial report.
Dom Addesso: And this is Dom. I mean, it's also highly dependant upon June 1. So while we have had lots of new opportunities and growth in new areas, new types of products that we're offering, in particular credit, but depending on what happens with rates is just one; it's still yet to be determined. So hard to predict some sustainability to our growth rate, and we don't yet know what June 1 will be offering us.
Dom Addesso: The [indiscernible] loss, the prior period event, and that was covered in our prior year-end reserve position. And it's a kind of thing that though not specifically known at prior years, the kind of thing our reserve analysis contemplates for things that can go wrong. So it's completely covered in that reserve position. We estimate that with the current discount rate that they're applying up to $30 million was the impact.
Dom Addesso: Sometimes I feel like a broken record on this one. As you know, we do not give any predictions as to what we will be doing in terms of share repurchases. But relative to the first quarter how we were thinking about it was that, as you did see, we had significant growth. So we remained a little bit more cautious on capital return, to the point of not buying in any shares. This coupled with the fact that we had a number of cat events that were potentially swirling out, surround [ph] out there. So that was part of our deliberations. And then the third, I think that you made reference to of course, was our rise in stock price. While in and of itself and by itself not a sole determinant, but along with the other factors led us to not be purchasing any shares back in the first question. And none of that means that we won't be back into the market throughout the year. But again, it has to be balanced up against events are the occurring in the marketplace as well as our premium growth trajectory.
Dom Addesso: And I think in part, Kai, to answer that, the -- a little bit of market disruption along with, as Jonathan pointed out, the significant capital base that is attractive to our clients and brokers, but that market disruption again allowed us to get very capable people, but also as other competitors were reevaluating their strategies, that enabled us to grow certain segments faster than we might otherwise would've been able to do.
Dom Addesso: Well, one interesting point that we shouldn't gloss over is that the first quarter, while none of the events -- the weather events, catastrophes if you will, PCI events that Jonathan referenced, while none of them reached our threshold for declaring them to be cats, nonetheless, we had $15 million of weather losses in the first quarter of the insurance operations, which amounts to four-and-a-half points in the combined ratio for the insurance results. So as you could see, we're pretty much already where you're referencing.
Dom Addesso: Yes, that doesn't move around all that much because from quarter to quarter based on our pegged loss ratios. Obviously, when we get to the fourth quarter we have our reserve here, and reserve review which could impact the attritional in that quarter. I don't know that you'd refer to that as a seasonality, but our earned premium is earned ratably through the year, and we book a consistent estimated loss ratio absent any [indiscernible] type events.
Dom Addesso: What I was referencing was that the impact of Ogden in terms of a dollar amount wasn't made known of course until the first quarter. But what I was referencing was that we consider that to be a prior-year event which was more than covered in our year-end reserve review. While not specifically of course an item in the year-end reserve review just like many other discrete events that occur many quarters or years later frankly when you look at reserves pointing this is that our reserve review contemplates the fact that things can go wrong, things can happen, but you cannot specifically identify what they might be. So, our reserve review has a certain amount of conservatism built into it, or I would describe as a fact that the point of the reserve review as an unknown event and we have been in situation it was prior year event for us and well within the balance of being covered in our year-end reserve review contemplations.
Dom Addesso: The simple answer is, Sarah, is just the changing mix, so as for example as mortgage and other credit related opportunities as that premium begins to flow through the books that carriers a lower loss ratio, combined ratio than which you would think about as the more traditional lines. That's frankly the simplest example of explanation. We will also have quota share coming into the reinsurance book, which also helps maintain that ratio.
Dom Addesso: Well citizen is down because private market as soon much of that exposure so capacity will be soft from private market.
Dom Addesso: We have had this view for long time and it's not because we haven't considered opportunities that are out there and our view was based on the fact that integration since we had an existing operation as contrasted with not having one at all, we felt it was easier for us to grow our existing franchise. In the phase of acquisitions are tough because the integration issues are challenged in addition you're not quite sure talent that you're getting, the legacy issues that you might be attaining, there is a whole different face to the market in terms of how a particular company might be presenting itself to the distribution partners, they will have ability to kind of build our message, or culture or products or appetite all those things from the ground up is more attractive to us. And then, of course, it coupled with many of these acquisitions as you know are occurring at tremendous multiples creating lot of goodwill but that aside we are potentially buying businesses that have mid-single digit ROEs that is not and I'm paying a premium for that, that's not all that attractive. And what we think we have done here in the short years has been too we're still in the legacy issues that we've had but you think the current enforce portfolio as I mentioned before. Absent the weather losses as already we had in the first quarter as already in the low to mid single 90s combined ratio so, I think our strategy there is proving to be so far so good one.
Dom Addesso: There wasn't one event right was many events which for the most part has fallen on within company retentions along with the fact that as we've mentioned each quarter for many quarters now we keep, we tend to keep moving up our attachment point there is a most competitive part of the market has been down low. And so, and it have been spreading our aggregate, so we have been diversifying our cap portfolio slightly moving up attachment point coupled with the fact that many scenes as their capital base is going to continue to retain more so it's all of those things not any one of them, but it's all of those things come into play.
Dom Addesso: And it's also -- keep in mind that it's -- we tend to agree with you that you have to consider the fact that a loss can happen but it's also where you attach, how diversified you are. There is many factors which go into what the level of loss might be. And from a realistic disaster scenario perspective, the exposure that we have to the mortgage base is relative to property cat risk is much less and of course also relative to our capital, it's pretty small.
Dom Addesso: No, it hasn't. The duration on the liability side really hasn't moved much approximately three years - four years, and our asset portfolio is underneath that. So that has not changed.
Dom Addesso: There are a lot of select opportunities. And we have expanded slightly some of our offerings we have expanded into some different states, but only selectively into certain states. California you know which is our biggest comp market, very profitable for us, rates are off a little bit, but we're still very bullish on sector given where rates are. And we will use comp frankly as a competitive advantage. There is a lot of -- a lot of markets we compete against that don't have comp capability and that gives us an edge to get into some other -- some of the other lines of business. So that's how we are thinking about it.
Dom Addesso: I don't know that we have an answer for you on that because it is all dependent on market opportunity. So, we think about it more as an operating expense ratio. And I think where we are at today, we are lower, particularly as the earned premium begins to catch up, because our lead of add for resources is not necessarily plateauing but not going up at the same pace that it has been over the last 18 months as we have been building up some of these new businesses. And as these businesses have - the premium begins to earn in, the expense ratio all other things being equal, should moderate. And as Jonathan pointed out earlier, we will continue to make new additions consistent with what we see as the growth opportunity. So it's a little difficult for us to give you nominal dollar amount because that will emerge as opportunity emerges.
Dom Addesso: And by the way, if it remained at 30 for foreseeable future again as we pointed out before, most of our competitors aren't even close to us there. So, while everyone seems to be focused on the increase in expenses, reality is that where we are at today is competitive relative to the market.
Dom Addesso: Well, I'll conclude by just thanking everyone for participating in this morning. And as you can surmise from our prepared comments as well as some of the answers to questions, we remain optimistic about our ability to deliver -- continue to deliver solid returns. Conservative management of our cat exposure, solid reserve position along with expense discipline and all that positions us to withstand what the market might bring to us. Coupled with growth into newer product areas and our reinsurance operations as well as what's proving to be a successful growth strategy for our insurance division, these things should continue to help us maintain our above average returns. So, thank you for your interest, and I look forward to perhaps meeting with many of you in the months ahead. Thanks again for participating.
John Doucette: Good morning, Elyse. It's John, and thanks for the question. So, I think there were some one-off parts to the growth in the reinsurance operation. As we mentioned, there were some true ups, but there is also a combination of growth in the mortgage and credit lines. Some of those are new deals, and some of those are multi-year deals where we're continuing to get premium from prior quarters. So we would think a normalized growth rate would be high single-digit.
John Doucette: We do. We do think that -- I mean, there's a lot of gives and takes in that, but we continue to see new opportunities. There's places where we're coming off business that we don't think is attractive, but at the same time we continue to find new opportunities, both -- we talked about the motor quota shares in Europe tied to Solvency II. Also, in the U.K. motor market there's opportunities. But then also in the mortgage and the credit and one-off structured deals that we have in the pipeline now.
John Doucette: Hi, Kai, it's John. There isn't that much seasonality. And crop, while it's a new piece given the move from the insurance to the reinsurance, in the grand scheme of things it's relatively small across the overall global portfolio for the reinsurance operations. So I would say, no, there's not really much seasonality.
John Doucette: This is John. There's also other contributing factors with AOB issue that's out there and that impacted people in 2016 including the capital position. The assignment of benefits, so the assignment of benefits issue that happened in that has been happening that has resulted in an increase in the attritional loss ratio for many of the Florida teams and so some of them had to go get more capital or in the process of getting more capital or raising more capital and as reinsurance is the form of capital. And so a lot of them are potentially looking to increase their buys whether it comes, whether that's on a quota share or on an excess loss basis, as well as some of the larger Florida seasons have also been diversifying outside the state, so as they've been growing, they have natural exposure growth for their overall books of business, their reinsurance demands to protect that book have also been increasing and we would see that to directionally to continue.
John Doucette: Good morning, Josh. It's John. So, couple of things, so we have then as we've talked about on the last several calls focused on the mortgage opportunity within a broader credit play that we are doing, but mortgage is a meaningful part of that. And we do see -- so we have focus on that both in the underwriting side but also and arguably more importantly building out underwriting capabilities, analytical capabilities, ERM risk and very technical capabilities for us to be able to think about that really to get it -- to bring it up to the level of, which it has, we have done to the level of how have been moved to best-in-class over the last several years in the property side. So, in terms of how we think about to model it, we look at it from at the macro macro level and how it overlaps in intersection correlates with our asset portfolio. We think about it on an overall economic capital model to the group. We look at it on a realistic disaster scenario. We look at it as total limits that we deploy. We think about across years the correlation and the aggregation that can happen and really try to focus on what the economic situation is today and where we think it will be in the future so to determine how we want to play, where what attachment points we want to play at, how that would impact if something like the financial crisis of 2008 happen again, how that could perform.
John Doucette: Well, we have no idea if a loss is going to happen just like we don't know if catastrophe loss is going to happen. We…
John Doucette: I am going to write that down. So -- but we -- we're going to build a book and have an underwriting strategy that we think will succeed based on underwriting conditions, macroeconomic conditions, pricing conditions, and we're going to adjust the book. And that's our job. That's Dom and mine and the rest of the team's job to do that to react and how we think the book will best move going forward. But we do –- we certainly manage to idea that a loss could happen and try to think of limits deployed and capital required in that context.
John Doucette: I think the strength -- advantages and disadvantages of both clearly from a -- we have decided to make a reinsurance bet on it. And that gives us the benefit of hard dollar limits, that gives us the benefit of retentions, that gives us the benefit of having a compared to running an insurance operation far less resources, both capital and people wise. So, it gives us more ability to navigate the underwriting market, market cycle that could happen. So we feel like -- we feel pretty good about how we're deploying capacity and capital and our underwriting strategy and will be able to hopefully expand it if the market - the pricing and the market conditions allow but also be in a position to dial it back if we don't think we are getting paid a good risk adjusted return.
Jon Zaffino: Good morning, Kai, this is Jon. I think our competitive position in the market is quite strong. And think sits on the backs of we are obviously trading with the benefit of a significant balance sheet from the Everest Group, which credentials exceedingly well in a number of our chosen markets. We have been able to amass what we feel is very distinguished talent, taking advantage of the dislocation in the market over the past couple of years. And remember, our insurance platform has been around for a while, so we have a pretty good reach in terms of different market segments, different product lines, et cetera. So as we refined our strategy and focused on the areas that we thought would contribute more to our bottom line and also help us increase our relevance with clients by providing solutions. We're now starting to see the momentum of all those actions take hold. So that's been very encouraging. As for why we feel that's going to produce better results, there's a lot of changes. So to borrow John's comment earlier, there's a lot of ins and outs here, lot of different mix scenarios coming in. Our new businesses tend to trend at a lower ELR, expected loss ratios, than we've had in the past. So as those gain more scale, as we exit certain lines, such as our crop operation which is better handled in our reinsurance side, as we deemphasize a couple of other areas that had higher loss ratios, we expect that combination and mix to produce better performance that we've seen historically.
Jon Zaffino: Sure, Josh. We have very much phased out a deliberate roadmap that aligns with what Dom mentioned before about an organic growth plan. What does that look like? What are the key milestones along that journey and how do we get there? So, certainly for us there was a few prominent themes in that process. Number one was sort of foundationally preparing the organization for that journey which is an ongoing everyday type of exercise. Certainly looking to enhance our market relevance in the form of people and products and distribution connectivity has also been very much a part of that. And then, certainly along the path we are going to make portfolio selection along the way. A lot of that work has been at the forefront of our activity in the last several quarters if not year and a half or so. But remember, we are still adding talent as we go here to make sure that we continue keep up with our growth and aspiration. So that's ongoing work. So I would say that we're very much on track. We're going to follow market opportunity where it presents itself. We don't have a sort of hard dollar specific target in mind other than we certainly see a lot of growth opportunity that we want to pursue in our chosen markets. But certainly looking to foundation prepare, refine our operations, add the talent, increase the relevance. There is a lot of work going on day to day which the tactical activity that drives success on the insurance side that we're working hard at across the board.
Jon Zaffino: So, Brian, it's Jon. As a -- I think a couple of things. I think we feel like just overall first principle that Everest given our overall capital position and diversified book business, we feel we are pretty capital efficient in deploying capital in the areas like mortgage. We also know there has been conversations and some of the rating agencies have been looking at this fairly carefully about what the rating, how they should think about the capital required to support this book going forward. More times than not when more capital is required whether it's on the [indiscernible], or the rating agencies that puts pressure on supply. And we do that -- given our strong capital position and balance sheet and ratings, we do that as positive that will drive increases in demand and put downward pressure on supply. So, in terms of we think about it, we think about it as all of the above rating agencies with limits deployed, realistic disaster scenarios, stochastic, pricing, reserving, looking at an overall economic capital model, thinking about the assets and the liabilities and whole balance sheet.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. My second question is on the reinsurance side. So I just wonder, is there any seasonality because now you have the crop reinsurance in the U.S. reinsurance book. That would impact your second quarter and third quarter year-over-year comparison in term of the core combined ratio.
Kai Pan: Yes, just the overall, the core combined ratio, attritional combined ratio, because there are probably different mix between loss and, like, commission expenses.
Kai Pan: Great. Just quick number clarification, there it's $30 million Ogden [ph] rate impact, is that already including in this quarter reserve development, or in the fourth quarter one? You said year-end [technical difficulty] reserve…
