Dominic Addesso: Thanks, Kai, for your well wishes. And the Board, as you know, is in the process of looking for a successor in my role. And I think the things that the Board and I will be looking for will be obviously strong leadership characteristics, knowledge of our business. So it's not - can't preclude anything. But it's more than likely it would be somebody that has experience in the space and some tenure in the space. And more than that, I really cannot talk at this time. I think the process as I mentioned is under way, and it would be the classic qualities that you look for in any CEO.
Dominic Addesso: We are not - that is not an option that's part of this process. Obviously, that's something that any Board - you have to consider if presented with strategic alternatives. But that is not part of this process.
Dominic Addesso: I will ask Craig to comment on the - on part of this. But let me just begin it by saying that the mix shift is approximately a 2 point impact. And I'll ask Craig to speak to the third point of it.
Dominic Addesso: And these would be besides events because these would - as you - I think you heard from other market participants, that there has been some frequency of severity if you will in some of these large risk losses. So we think this is - this has been an unusual year and we're not anticipating that going forward. Clearly, we do have an attritional pick for these lines of business but 2018 was particularly a heavy year for some risk losses.
Dominic Addesso: No. I think what we're saying is that what you saw in terms of the drift, about 2 points, is kind of where we think it will settle out there. It could drift a little bit from there. But I think the important point is not so much to focus on the combined ratio but focus on the underwriting margin. As John Doucette pointed out, we actually increased our underwriting margin by $50 million from $300 million - just over $300 million to $360 million in this last year and so therefore the combined ratio tick-up is offset by still that underwriting - that margin in the combined ratio applying to a higher premium base. So I think that for us - that's what should be - what you should focus on.
Dominic Addesso: All right. Let me, without having done any due diligence on your numbers, let me just give you what our view of market share is. Generally, given our scale in the marketplace, on any one event what we've experienced over the last 10 or 15 years has been - and again, on any one event - somewhere between - and it depends on where - somewhere between 2% and 4% of any particular event. And then generally for a particular year plus a series of events, our market share has been 1.3%, 1.2%, somewhere in that range. And if you look at the results for the '17 events and the '18 events, we are settling in at about 1.3% market share, which is pretty consistent with - if you go a little way back to 2010 and '11 which is - were the two successive years of pretty heavy cat losses, it's very consistent with that. But again, what you're looking at in the fourth quarter I think is in part reflective of where we placed our cat bets. So for example, Hurricane Michael, we generally are, as you know, a larger writer of Florida cat. And in particular, we have made underwriting decisions that we, in particular, like the exposure in the Panhandle as opposed to - contrast it with Miami and Dade County, for example. And so we have long-standing relationships with many clients who themselves have made bigger bets in that region of Florida. So as a consequence where that loss happened to hit tended be an area where we have a little bit more concentration. So I don't know if that - hopefully, that answers your question, but couldn't place what you're asking.
Dominic Addesso: No, I wasn't. If I - if you thought I said that, I apologize. I think what I was saying is let's think about these two separate buckets. Let's think about the windstorm, in particular Michael. The models in that particular case are reasonable and fairly reliable. In our particular case, because of where we've chosen to put our capacity tends to be more in places like the Panhandle as contrasted with higher exposure in Miami and Dade. So I don't necessarily believe that that quote unquote required any corrective action. To the extent that I was thinking or you might have heard me think about corrective action, I think it had more to do with the wildfire exposure and the fact that the models are less reliable as it relates to wildfire notwithstanding the fact that this most recent two years of wildfire losses is something we haven't really experienced ever. But I would still contend that the models aren't as reliable. Therefore, corrective actions that we have taken relative to wildfire is cutting back some rates, terms conditions, sub limit, et cetera. That's the area I thought I was really trying to suggest that quote unquote any corrective actions required.
Dominic Addesso: So let me add to that too since John brought up a 10-year window just by way of example. I think it's worth a reminder that we manage - particularly because part of our portfolio was cat business, subject to volatility, we manage for the long-term which you have to do when you're thinking about cat exposure which can be nil in any one year, and as we've seen in the past two years, it can be record-setting. But if you think about the past 10 years where we have clearly cat as a portion of our portfolio and we think about total value creation over the past 10 years, it's been around 11%. We happened to think that's - and by the way that's before pretty hefty years in terms of cat losses. So you had '10 and '11 and of course the last two which were record-setting. So that 10-year track record I think speaks to how we price our portfolio, how we think about risk, but again managing for the long term. Another little factoid if you will is over the last 10 years, our profits from our cat business on a net basis have been almost $3 billion.
Dominic Addesso: I'm not sure that you can equate it to an industry loss. I mean, that's an average estimated annual loss.
Dominic Addesso: So I think what we said before was that we were expecting our attritional given the current mix, the attritional - again, it depends in part to how much premium you put into your model. But, given the same mix, then the 2-point shift as we've seen in '18 over '17 is approximately correct.
Dominic Addesso: The biggest driver of that going down would be our diversification. So growing in the non-cat areas, growing our insurance operation, growing our cash re book, growing our mortgage book, and some slight downward drift in our property exposure. So - but a big piece of that is diversification and we're getting larger. We're getting larger and not increasing cat - in fact, slightly decreasing it. So those two factors together.
Dominic Addesso: Let me say that on the reinsurance side, percentage growth is sometimes a difficult metric to really rely on. So a large quota share for example, like some of the newer transactions we did in 2018, gives a percentage growth that we may or may not be able to apply into the following year. So quota shares are kind of lumpy. More reliably would be - would be the insurance growth and since poor Mr. Zaffino over here, I think he is getting a little bit of a complex not being asked a question, maybe he could at least comment on the insurance side as to its growth prospects.
Dominic Addesso: The only other thing that I could say is that on the reinsurance side, we would anticipate that the growth would be slightly less than what we'd experience in the insurance side, with the caveat that if we come across a large quota share deal and/or if we reduce participation on an existing quota share deal, those numbers could change from that. I hope that's of help, Elyse, but that's the best we can do.
Dominic Addesso: Thank you. I guess that finish with the calls. Let me just close out with some thoughts. I want to thank you for your participation. And as you heard this morning, underlying our results are fundamentally some very positive patterns emerging. I don't mean to be dismissive of cat losses and their impact, but as I mentioned before, a longer-term view including record cat events still reveals total value creation over the long term in the top quartile. Furthermore, as we've discussed this morning, our diversification efforts will serve to reduce volatility going forward. Our financial strength and resiliency allows us to respond to market conditions and take advantage of what I think are very - some very unique opportunities in both our reinsurance and insurance platforms. Our success in lines of business away from property cat and our now profitable insurance franchise are just the beginning of what I see as a major transformation endeavor. So thank you again for your participation, and look forward to our conversations over the weeks ahead. Thank you all.
Craig Howie: Yes. The other point for the year, Kai, is in the fourth quarter we did see about $50 million of reinsurance attritional losses coming through in the fourth quarter. And what that means is what we would call our non-cat cat losses, in other words, weather or events that were less our $10 million catastrophe threshold. So we did see weather losses, we saw shipyard fires, refinery explosions and other fires, and they occurred around the world, so Canada, the U.K., Australia, Latin America and the U.S. So that, in itself, is about 3 points in the quarter - in the fourth quarter and about 1 point for the year.
Craig Howie: Yes. That is net and it's pre-tax and that - correct, not net of reinstatement - net of reinsurance.
Craig Howie: So for 2018, that number was just below 9 points. And for 2017, that number would have been about 10 points, Amit.
Craig Howie: Well, what I would add is - just to reiterate what Dom said is that we would look at the total year as opposed to just the fourth quarter. And as Dom said, we strive to carry an adequate reserve position in each one of these reserve segments. And the Company does react quickly to adverse development and takes its time to react to that favorable development and we do continue to hold in more recent years in each one of these segments.
Craig Howie: Meyer, this is Craig. I think what ended up happening too is partially the de-risking of the portfolio was to take some - overall, just to take some of the public equity portfolio down at the end of the year, just taking some of the risk off the table. Some of the alternatives that we did was because we shifted capital around in the organization for where the capital was needed and where we're writing the business, to match those two components, and because of that we had the opportunity to de-risk some of the portfolio. As we go forward, we certainly will determine and look at both the duration and the types of business that we have as far as what our portfolio mix will be going forward.
Craig Howie: Part of that is lower cats expected, but it's also more capital allocated to the United States and more business expected to be retained in the United States. So you have to apply the higher U.S. tax rate than elsewhere in the world and some of the changes to our internal reinsurance programs as well.
Craig Howie: Elyse, this is Craig. You may recall in the first half of the year, so in other words, in the second quarter, we had taken down our accrual for those non-cat losses because we didn't really see anything in the first half of the year that related to our reinsurance book. We didn't touch the insurance book because they are more exposed to some of those smaller events because of the types of business that they write. But for the reinsurance book, we didn't see any of those major events in the first half of the year. Primarily what we saw were - was this activity that came through later in the year and got booked in the fourth quarter.
John Doucette: Good morning. It's John. So I don't think it really has to do with shift. It really has in some ways to do with our definition of catastrophes. So a lot of, in places around the globe, we may have a lot of these - a lot of these deals. We may only get through a certain - a few clients or a certain territory. And so a lot of times, as Craig said that $50 million may result in where we have $3 million, $5 million, $8 million of losses tied to these things that the industry would think of as catastrophes. How we classify them? We don't call them catastrophes and that's from kind of a process point of view that we want - in terms of we want to have a materiality threshold for what we track as catastrophe. So I don't think it has to do with the shift in the mix. A lot of the shift in the mix we're talking about is moving to non-property which frankly wouldn't be exposed to these types of losses. And we also saw in addition to what we call the non-cat caps for us below $10 million, there were also some large risk losses in the industry that also people in the industry - other people in the industry may consider them catastrophes. We don't - a single risk loss, we don't consider a catastrophe in how we articulate the cat losses and the attritional losses.
John Doucette: Yes. Absolutely, that should be the case. A lot of the shift that we're talking about is not necessarily taking place in the international space a lot. And one of the things - for the points that you raised, one of the things when we talk about property pro rata premium and increasing that particularly in the U.S. and the places over the last 2017 and '18 where the losses were hit, a lot of our clients - a couple of things. A lot of our clients are looking for capital relief and quota shares, provide them more meaningful capital relief than cap does in terms of de-levering their premium base. And so that's helpful for them. But we also spend a lot of time as we decide we want to deploy capacity as on a cat basis, property catastrophe excess a loss or in a quota share basis, we'll look at the occurrence limits that are within the proportional treaties that we have. And we watch the occurrence limits very, very carefully and really try to support our current property quota share deals that have very tight occurrence limits so that it becomes less of - less exposed to the issue that you're raising.
John Doucette: And, Amit, this is John. I just want to add a little more color to what Dom said. So Dom and I have been here about 10 years. And during that time, we've seen all - different catastrophe losses, and go down the list, the Japanese earthquake, the Thai floods, et cetera, et cetera - Sandy. In every loss, we learn, we evolve, the industry learns, the industry evolves, we make our models better, we make our underwriting better. I think part of what Dom was alluding to is, also when you think about like the wildfires. The wildfires have been kind of a secondary risk characteristic for the industry. And we think given the unprecedented losses that have happened over the last two years, that it's going to move not just in the model but also in the buyers, the rating agencies, the board of directors of the clients. They're going to think about this in a different way. We're already hearing some of our clients are looking to increase their limits that they buy. We think that in the future we may see wildfire exposure split out as a different reinsurance program for some people. But it's all that is how these - or how these evolve in how the industry thinks of the risk. Clearly, there's an elevated view on buyers, sellers, again board of directors, rating agencies, et cetera, about the wildfire risk. And it's not just in California. We also had the Fort McMurray situation in Canada a few years back. And I think all of this is going to help move this to be more like hurricane and earthquake as a primary loss that people have - a primary loss component that has to be factored in more explicitly, and frankly that the industry has to do a better job in terms of how it thinks about it, how it underwrites it, and terms and conditions in the contracts for that. And that's part of the natural evolution and we think that's frankly healthy for everybody.
John Doucette: That's right. So it would be - we don't think of the world like that. We would look at what our gross in that exposures are and look at what we think what the cat loads that are tied to that and then compare it to our overall premium. So it's really a function of, again, what we're trying to get at as the diversification of the book and how we continue and frankly doing a tremendous job on the insurance side of growing and building the franchise and we see a lot of runway there to continue to do that. And all that will help and has helped us move the overall - the cat load as a percentage and bringing it down.
John Doucette: So, as I - this is John, Brian. So I said in my script, it's up - slightly up year-over-year. So we - it's down slightly from Q3, but then some of the - because of losses, but then some existing investors have added capacity and we have some new investors and continue to diversify the investor base. And so we would expect that to continue go up over time. But again, that's something that we look at in terms of as kind of our core strategic securitization vehicle. It's something we look at to make sure how it fits in executing our plan, our overall plan. So we'll factor, do we want to take more money or not. All things being equal, we would expect it's up now slightly compared to a year ago. And we would think that it would continue to go up to potentially increase somewhat but it will be market condition dependent.
John Doucette: Good morning, Elyse. This is John. So we don't have a crystal ball. All we would say is that when it comes midyear, a lot of midyear is really Florida at June 1, and then different places, U.S., China, Australia, Latin America, at July 1. So a lot of it's going to be loss dependent. A lot of it - I mean, Florida market has seen some pretty active years the last several years and there was a lot of increase in development that the clients, the Florida clients had when it came to particularly Irma. So I think really we don't know what's going to happen, but I do think that what we saw at 01/01 and we just touched on it briefly is a lot of the alternative capital we think took a pause. There's a lot of things going on, a lot of concern about some of the losses. There's also some investor fatigue when it comes to some of the losses that we're hearing about in the alternative capital. We would note that - we would note that - sorry, we would note that Logan has had some of the best returns in the industry. So we think that helps our ability and I think the Logan investors buy into access to the - to Everest's global portfolio and underwriting expertise and that helps. But we also had redemptions in Mt. Logan as well. And we think that overall, there have been redemptions in the alternative capital. So I think a lot of alternative capital has looked and said that they need to understand the risks that they're taking better. And frankly, we're hearing people that are requiring a higher return. That's just healthier. We think that the entire market, the reinsurance, traditional, and alternative market is evolving with some of the hiccups that have happened recently. And we think that just puts the entire market in a better place for getting an appropriate return. What that means and how the rates, we're not sure.
John Doucette: This is John. So we did see retro prices at 01/01 increase particularly on loss affected accounts. And how much they increased varied on the client where it's exposed, things like that. To the extent that your question involves our hedging, I'd remind you that we have kind of a multi-product structure duration, tenure in terms of our hedging. Mt. Logan basically stands [indiscernible] pursue with Everest, taking the same rates, terms, condition, pricing that Everest gets but for fees and profit commissions and things like that. So it will move accordingly. And then when it comes to things like our catastrophe bonds that are put in place on a multiyear basis, that rate was predetermined before the losses. A lot of these catastrophe bonds were put in place before 2017 and '18's events and those - basically the cost of that hedging is basically zero year-over-year since it's fixed pricing over a multiyear basis.
Amit Kumar: The other question I have is in the opening remarks you talked about the reserve study. And I was looking at, I think it's page -- sorry, Page 6 of the supplement, and under the U.S. Reinsurance, the reserve release number is down materially versus the past. Are there any pluses and minuses in that $1.5 million release number? This is Page 6 of 13 in the supplement.
Amit Kumar: So net-net, there wasn't any adverse development which offset the reserve releases, the $1.5 million.
Amit Kumar: Perfect. That's what was I was looking for. The last question and I will requeue is, I wanted to go back to Josh Shanker's question and I think that is a philosophical question a lot of us have been asking based on the last two years. Did I understand it correctly in your response where I think what you were saying is we've had two years of back-to-back materially higher losses and hence it's less of an Everest Re risk selection issue, it's probably more attributable to how the models responded? And now that you're putting corrective actions into place that takes care of it, is that how - is that what the takeaway should be that had the models responded differently, it would have been...
Amit Kumar: That's fascinating. Might I - I know I've exceeded my time. Just only one quick clarification what you just said. What industry loss are you assuming for that 7 points guidance? Thanks.
