Dom Addesso: In the insurance segment, we had about approximately $45 million of development in work comp, a little over $40 million in construction liability, and $17 million in umbrella. The construction liability and the umbrella, those are programs that we discontinued several years ago, so that should not be something that we see in our future results. In the workers' comp, part of the development related back to some earlier years, the early part of the 2000 period when we first got into the program, and it's just a matter of some severity in a handful of clients that we saw from the early part of the decade. We also though did see some increase of frequency of some smaller claims in the later years, primarily in '09, '10, and '11, I believe. And in that particular case, what we've seen in that increased frequency has been contemplated in the more recent accident years, so our more recent accident years do reflect that increased frequency, and I might point out those most recent accident years are profitable.
Dom Addesso: We still hold IB&R for those, yes. I don't know that we have our disposal right this minute, but it is a split between case and IB&R, so --.
Dom Addesso: No, we have not seen any development in recent years for professional liability in particular. As I mentioned, the comp where we saw the development on the insurance side was really in the more recent years, was '09, '10, and '11.
Dom Addesso: Mike, let me add to that. In many cases, we're not necessarily going to get different terms and conditions in market pricing, but there are unique circumstances where with certain clients, we have longstanding relationships, the terms that we do get may be different than the market. So I wouldn't say that it's universally in every particular offering that we get terms different than the market. But as John is pointing out, were those terms come to us and it doesn't hit our pricing targets, then we begin to allocate our capacity into other places, whether that be pro rata, facultative, or into the primary space. So even if terms and conditions are at the market, we still have the ability to not take those terms and conditions, and we can move our capacity into different lines or segments.
Dom Addesso: It is not related to the comp piece. These are separate programs. As I mentioned, part of it was construction liability, in particular one program where it's a landscaper's program and because of the additionally insured endorsement that we had on many of those policies, what we are seeing is an increase in expense even though you wouldn't normally expect landscapers to be brought into a construction liability claim, but because of the additional insured endorsement, they are being brought into those matters and it is mostly an expense or defense issue. The umbrella program again is one that we cancelled a while ago. And again, that umbrella, as you probably know, is a very volatile class of business and we've got hit this year with several large claims, which caused us to increase our estimates in some of the older years.
Dom Addesso: But here again, you're managing a portfolio and you have individual buckets or lines of business that sometimes develop poorly. And on the other hand, offsetting that would be lines of business that develop redundancy. That is the nature of the beast.
Dom Addesso: Well, we could get into that detail later. Renewals are up about consistently with those premium increases we cited. It's in different regions. It doesn't mean that will end the year, as John pointed out in his opening comments. We have the ability to go into the market before winter season and change that if we so desire. But right now, given our capital position, we're quite comfortable with where our P&Ls are at. And as you probably have noted, through the years that what we carry is our net P&L for (inaudible) are pretty conservative relative to the industry.
Dom Addesso: As I mentioned in the answer to the previous question, John even made some reference to it, we have the opportunity between now and winter season to look at various structures.
Dom Addesso: Well, on the construction liability, I believe that the seven-year period after which the policy was issued, I don't recollect the exact date, but it was the 2008 was the last policy that was issued. I think the claims can be made in a period of seven years after that date. Obviously our reserve addition was sufficient to answer your question about seeing the end of it. But as you know, again, reserves can always move around. But again, in the context of our overall reserve posture, we don't believe it's going to be a problem. Umbrella on the other hand, it doesn't have a fixed discovery period, if you will. So umbrella claims can come in for a long time, again a volatile class, but we feel as if what we book is reasonably conservative. And again in the context of our overall reserve position, we don't feel that either one of these classes or lines of business will present a problem for our future financial performance.
Dom Addesso: Well, our technical ratio was about 112% and then the rest of it's just expenses. And we're a little higher than the industry, at least what's been reported to date, just because of some of the concentration we have in particular as John mentioned in Minnesota and Texas, being some of our largest states, which in fact relative to the industry helped us in better stead last year. Minnesota, for example, has a long history of being very, very profitable state.
Dom Addesso: We believe that the numbers in the low to mid-90s would still be achievable and perhaps better. But for now, I'll leave it at that.
Dom Addesso: Not necessarily. There might be an uptick in certain lines of business due to rate movements, but also as we move the portfolio into other lines of business, particularly new products, that's actually having the impact of lower our attrition in combined ratio. So I'm not going to give you a number at this point, because we don't give guidance. It depends on what the final at the end of the year comes in at, but we're not anticipating an increase in that number. I'll leave it at that.
Dom Addesso: We don't really do a specific allocation if we could talk about it in this call, but I would think about more in the context of a premium allocation.
Dom Addesso: But our focus, quite, Greg, is on the underwriting account. That's where our attention is. And we don't rely on the investment income, because at today's yield, that's not really giving you the appropriate return. And as I mentioned, our current year attritions are very good positioned. And given the rate increases, we'll continue to get in California comp, what we're doing in the property in that space, our other strategic initiatives, reinsurance platform, we're quite bullish on it. So the profitability issues that you're seeing are things that relate to frankly a lot of which was discontinued four, five years ago.
Dom Addesso: The crop in particular, remember, when you look at that, not unlike we look at our reinsurance catastrophe business, right. And also, even though it's reported within the insurance segment, we have capabilities now globally, as John somewhat mentioned in his comments, we look at whether any crop in other jurisdictions kind of jointly have capabilities that we can look across the organization on how we're doing in crop, even though they're reported in two different segments.
Dom Addesso: We were in January as long as we could be in the month of January. Of course, as you know, at some point, during a month, we begin to know the numbers and we were basically restricted from being in the market. So that's really the only thing that held us back in the month of January. In the fourth quarter, we were buying stock even at above book value. But we couldn't get all of the stock that we wanted at the prices that we wanted it at. So we continue to be bullish on share repurchase, balance that up against what the market opportunities are. As we pointed, we've had a strong one-one and we'll consider that and the upcoming four-one as we evaluate and the price of the stock as we evaluate what our share repurchases will be in this quarter and the upcoming quarters. But I think it's fair to say that we're still very interested in share repurchases.
Dom Addesso: Well, our reserve numbers that we picked in more accident year is what I call bridge off of the previous accident years. So it's taking into account the experience of those years, plus they run top of that rate increases that we've had, and as John pointed out, over 60% cumulative rate increase since 2009, and then subtraction from that would be assumed loss cost trends. So our most recent accident years are a reflection of the development we've seen, plus pricing.
Dom Addesso: Thank you all for participating on the call. As you've heard, we're quite bullish on our opportunities and trajectory going into 2014. We think we have the capital to take advantage of market conditions, while at the same time continuing our interest in share repurchases. So again, thank you for your interest.
John Doucette: Mike, I just wanted to add that the majority of the workers' compensation adverse development came from years before our rate increases started to kick in four years ago. We've been getting double-digit rate increases since then as well.
John Doucette: Michael, as we talked about, I think each of us talked about it in a different way on our crafted response, we do believe that we have given our balance sheet, given our market position, given how we access US catastrophe business and the ability to dynamically move between different structures around the globe that we do have an opportunity to get better than market results. As you may recall, we increased our quota share writings in June and July, and we also increased quota share writings at 1/1, as well as moving -- repositioning the book to better lines that we like that more attractive prices.
John Doucette: Well, I guess, Amit, I would say that it's not going to be noise at all. We had $10 billion of reserves. We actually reported an overall reserve redundancy coming through the numbers. And because I've mentioned on previous calls, we manage some 200 different reserve buckets. And there are pluses and minuses in all of those buckets each and every year. These estimates in these particularly are well within the actuarial ranges. It's not anything unusual to those of us that have been around the reserving process for a long, long time that I've been. But I think we're proud to point out that our overall reserve position as a group is positive and our accident year development, if you go back in time for the entity, has been a pretty stellar record relative to how each accident year has ultimately developed at the group level.
