Juan Andrade: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. This is Juan. So let me get started, and I’ll ask then Jim to join in and provide a lot more granularity to you on that topic. But as both Mark and I said in our prepared remarks, we’re very much on track to fully deploy the capital by the January 1, 2024 renewal. As you saw from the numbers, we drove meaningful growth not only in the quarter but also during the July 1 renewal. But in addition to the key renewal dates, and Jim will talk a little bit more about this in detail, we have also done a number of private or closely placed opportunities at excellent rates and terms that have also emerged outside of the renewal period. So we continue to see plenty of opportunity. We don’t see any change in the market, and we’re very much on track with the deployment. But now let me ask Jim to go a little bit deeper on that.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Yaron, this is Juan. So let me go ahead and get started with that. Look, I think from our perspective, we obviously like the returns that we’re getting in property Cat but in general as well. And I fundamentally agree with what Jim said. We will keep pushing for rate terms and structure as we really haven’t seen any fundamental changes in the external environment. I think you’ve seen some of the headline news this morning with one of our competitors reporting that in the first half of the year, Cats were over the 10-year average at over $40 billion. So there’s still an active Cat environment. That hasn’t changed. We also see the general risk environment continue to be very elevated. You’ve got geopolitical issues, you’ve got social inflation, you’ve got all these other things that are out there, that hasn’t changed. And then you also have inflation that comes into the equation, right? There’s an impact on cost of materials, et cetera. So this is why from our perspective, we don’t see a change in the market. And therefore, we’re going to continue to push price, rate, terms and structure. So from my perspective, that is how we think about it. To your second question on insurance and reinsurance and property Cat deployment, we do like the property Cat environment right now in reinsurance. But as you saw in our insurance numbers, we also grew property and insurance by 37% as we reported in the supplement. So we’re leaning into it as well. And frankly, that’s one of the advantages that we have in our hybrid models. We can take advantage of the best risk-adjusted opportunities and move capital pretty nimbly to that. But let me have Jim also add some color on this.
Juan Andrade: And what I would emphasize, too, Yaron, this is one is, as Mark was saying, the uptick was really from one-time and non-recurring adjustments. And just to emphasize his last point is, as we continue to write more property at excellent prices and you heard the numbers being quoted by Mike, and as we write, frankly, more specialty products, too, which we also – we saw the growth in other specialty in the quarter of over 39% like aviation and marine, energy, et cetera, all of that is going to have a very positive impact on the loss ratios it earns in during subsequent quarters.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Greg, this is Juan Andrade. Look, facultative has seen some very strong growth as well. And it’s frankly for the same reasons that we’ve been talking about, right? Basically, cedents are looking for opportunities to upload, if you will, some of the risk that does necessarily fit into their treaty structure. So from our perspective, our global fac book right now is also growing pretty significantly. We feel very good about that as well. But Jim, maybe you can add some specific color.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Let me jump in there, Mike. This is Juan because I think that’s a very interesting point. And to build on what I said in my prepared remarks at the beginning of this call, we are ahead of trend in a very comfortable way, right? So for instance, our insurance rate level when you take out comp and financial lines, which are really not core to us right now, we increased rate by over 12%. And loss trend for us in insurance on an aggregate basis is significantly lower than that. And then you can leverage on exposure on top of that. And that gives you a pretty good level of comfort on how far ahead of that we are, which basically means you’re building margins. So obviously, we look at loss trends on a very frequent basis, as I’ve mentioned on other calls in the past. We keep very close track of it. But we are comfortably ahead of trend right now with rate and then you add exposure on that, that gives you another buffer.
Juan Andrade: Let me start, Mike, this is Juan, and then I’ll have Jim and Mike Karmilowicz to add a little bit of color. If I’m not mistaken, I think the Marsh numbers are global numbers. And so you are going to have variations in those numbers from Latin America, Asia, Europe, et cetera, et cetera. The rate environment that we continue to see is actually quite good. And as I just said a couple of minutes ago, we have seen sequential improvement in pricing in primary insurance and certainly on the reinsurance side of things. So that is the environment that we’re living in right now and that we’re seeing as we trade on a daily basis. But Jim can give you some color on the pro rata’s and then Karm can give you some more color on the primary side.
Juan Andrade: Right. I would – this is Juan. I would amplify that last point that Jim made because this is exactly what we have been saying all along, right? What this really illustrates is the fact that the fundamental macro environment that we’re all operating in has not changed, right? You still have high Cat activity. You have a heightened risk environment and our cedents are looking to also manage earnings volatility. And so therefore, they’re still coming to market to try to figure out a way to do that, while at the same time, they’re also trying to attack the property market on the primary side at the same side. So look, all of these are signs, and I think Jim is exactly right that the demand is still absolutely there and they want to trade with carriers like us, right, highly rated, great quality, et cetera.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Thank you, Brian. Look, I think for us, it’s still early days. We really began a very methodical build-out of this strategy really at the beginning of last year. We are now essentially in France, in Germany, in Spain, in Chile, in Singapore and in Australia at this point in time with a couple of other markets coming online later this year. We’re really very excited about the opportunities that we see. And frankly, the market reaction has been phenomenal. I’ve traveled the world over the last two years, as I normally do, meeting with our brokers, our people, our clients, et cetera. And frankly, the reception has been terrific. They love the fact that we have the A+ paper. They like the name of the company. They like the people that they’re trading with because they know us. And so from that perspective, the opportunity set has been there. Part of that methodical build-out has been the systems, the target operating model, the people, the underwriters, et cetera, et cetera. And so all of this is really, frankly, within our expectations. When we think about particularly the expense comment that you’re making. But we do see that beginning to trend down over time, I think as Mark had indicated in last quarter’s call. And we’re doing this in a very disciplined way. We’re managing the expenses. We’re managing the build-out in a very careful way, but we’re very excited about what we’re seeing. And frankly, the reaction that we’ve had in each of these markets.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you for all the questions and the excellent discussion. And I’ll close this call by reiterating the confidence in our strategy and our team, frankly, the exceptional talent that’s driving our execution. We remain no offense and we remain disciplined and opportunistic in this hard market. We have an unwavering focus on creating sustained value for our stakeholders, and that is top of mind. I look forward to seeing all of you again to discuss our third quarter results. Thank you.
Mark Kociancic: Elyse, it’s Mark. I just want to add a few points to Jim’s comments and once we get some of the specifics you were asking earlier, we still see greater than 90% of this capital raise deployment this year going into the reinsurance division. That’s the lion’s share. That’s where we have a very strong an exceptionally strong franchise and underlying fundamentals that Jim just walked through that really gives us the confidence, especially coming out of the 7/1s, our conviction just couldn’t be stronger at that capital raise will be put to good use. I do expect the property casualty mix to swing a bit more single digits into favor with property lines or property premium moving forwards. And I think you’re seeing some of that evolution in our financial supplement. And again, the ROE on that incremental $1.5 billion of capital is something we feel confident in exceeding our Q1 operating ROE going forwards.
Mark Kociancic: Yaron, it’s Mark. Maybe I can start. So a couple of components. Like I said in my scripted remarks, the premium adjustments were – they were a reasonable size. You’re talking $5 million, $6 million lion’s share coming out of the Lloyd’s syndicate. So that’s flowing through earned premium and altering the ratios mechanically, unfortunate situation, but definitely, we would consider it to be one-off in nature. And then you’ve got a mix of business component. We do see property becoming a much more substantial portion of the earned premium moving forward, so that’s going to help to change the composition of the attritional loss ratio within the combined ratio and you’ll also see, I think, A&H subside in terms of the size of its contribution to the combined ratio and the dynamics it brings in terms of expected loss ratio and expense within there. So this is something that should mechanically move towards a lower attritional loss ratio moving forward.
Mark Kociancic: Mike, it’s Mark. So a couple of points to make here. I’ll split it between the interest income component and then the ops performance. I think the interest income has got very good momentum. We’ve taken advantage of structuring our portfolio taking into account the short end of the yield curve. And so you’re seeing those floating rate securities that we speak about frequently, really pay off in terms of the resets and the higher yield that is generated from those securities. So I see a strong tailwind there. You’re seeing our book yield rise year-over-year. We’re clearly investing well north of a 5% new money rate on a global basis. And the AUM, I think, is churning north even beyond the equity raise contribution. We’re getting some nice pickup on that. So feel very good. I think the credit quality of the portfolio is quite strong. We’re really at the north end of an A+ average credit quality on the fixed income portfolio bordering a AA-, but – so that’s important as we contemplate credit adequacy in the portfolio. And the op performance is something we’re very pleased with. It’s difficult to forecast, but we’ve got a broadly diversified set of investments there on the private equity side for the most part. And that is expected to give us a nice stable – relatively stable distribution given the diversification of over 200 limited partnerships. Now it’s somewhat cyclical in terms of how that contribution comes in, but generally correlates well with where the S&P 500 is coming in over time. I don’t think you’re seeing any kind of one-off type contribution in the quarterly performance for Q2, but rather you’re seeing a broad-based support from the ops in the income.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. So Greg, it’s Mark here. A few points to make. Look, the social inflation and the pressure that you’re seeing in the industry from ‘16 to ‘19 is real. That’s something that comes through in the reserve studies. A few points about our portfolio. Last year, we had pluses and minuses in our insurance reserves. We had very modest movements, I’d say, in those specific years for longer tail lines, the casualty lines. And we also had positive offsets coming from some shorter tail lines, workers’ comp as well, et cetera. And so one of the points to make here is that we do have a broad-based portfolio that allows for pluses and minuses over the course of time. We also benefit from a couple of things. I think we’ve – since 2020 when Juan started, I’d say the prudency of our loss picks has been quite good. We try to be conservative, particularly on the longer tail lines, and we want to hold those picks until we have quite a bit of certainty. And so that conservatism, I think, is helpful when you’ve got this level of uncertainty in the marketplace. And then I think the proportion of the business that we wrote in 2020, 2021 and onwards, particularly in insurance, is significantly larger than the set of reserves that we have for, say, ‘16 to ‘19. So the kind of relative scale is really quite meaningful. And one of the reasons that’s important is you really saw rate take off pretty much, I would say, it probably started more Q4 2019 and has been compounding throughout those quarters since that time. And so that, I think, helps the equation. And then overall, we’re obviously vigilant in how we track rate versus loss trends and the margin there in over time, and we make adjustments as needed in the ELRs, in the reserves and so forth. And so that’s what gets us comfortable with where we are.
Mark Kociancic: Yes, that Mike, it’s Mark again here. That’s definitely a concern, a trend. You have different levels of inflation. So whether it’s obviously, the social inflation, I think, is well understood. Then you’ve got excess, what I would call, excess inflation driven by CPI or certain segments, medical loss inflation, wage inflation, depending on which lines all of this pertains to. And so those are things that we monitor. Clearly, there’s an elevated risk environment as we’ve seen some of these increase, in other words, more moderately. So it’s something we take into account with loss picks setting and the monitoring of rate adequacy. But again, I would reiterate the excess of rate versus loss trend.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. So Elyse, it’s Mark. Look, I think there’s some very good fundamentals that we have on the insurance side. You do have a little bit of noise coming from a few factors. So let me just develop this a little bit. So a few points to make. One, we’ve got a very solid top line premium. And you can see pretty good growth in property more expected. It’s not necessarily translating to the earned right now as some of that’s coming in from our international expansion. And so that’s going to be a driver. And that exacerbates the expenses a bit as we’re putting in some of the foundational pieces for the expansion. But that, no issue there. I think that’s more timing. The key thing is that the business that we’re writing internationally and domestically gives us very good confidence. And so from that standpoint, the mix changing, the expected margin, the growth overall is what I think is going to drive us to that lower end of the range. And I think to add to it even further is really the conscious de-risking that we’ve done on the Cat side for insurance. And so when you take a look at this quarter, for example, a zero print on the Cat loss and a pretty low number in Q1 and some of the tactical changes we’ve made and how we’re constructing our Cat appetite for insurance, that’s another meaningful driver of how we get there. And then maybe the last part, I think you can see this in all the commentary we give written and verbal the cycle management capabilities that we have in the insurance division are quite strong. You’ve got a fairly diversified set of lines of business that allow us to transition into higher-margin lines when the markets are favorable in that respect and minimize other areas that are less favorable. And so I think those pieces are really what’s going to get us to the lower portion of the 91%, 93%. And we’re still quite comfortable with that working assumption that we gave you on the IR Day two years ago.
James Williamson: Yes. Elyse, this is Jim again. Yes, we – look, we are definitely hearing a lot of chatter around the topic, particularly given some recent events, and you’ve seen some dislocation in a variety of parts, particularly in the fronting market. And look, what I would say to that is obviously, we’re opportunistic. We have the flexibility if there’s an interesting opportunity that emerges, that gives us an opportunity to earn great returns. We certainly take it. But our priority remains building franchise positions with the best global underwriters over time. And that means that’s where our focus is, and we don’t get distracted by some of the noise that might exist around a particular opportunity even though we are ready to lean into it, should those opportunities come our way.
James Williamson: Yes, Yaron, thanks for the question. And maybe at the risk of repeating a little bit of what Juan said, but I do think it’s a critical point. The fact is, whether we like it or not, we live in a cyclical industry. And we’ve come through a period of a number of years where Cat pricing wasn’t where it needed to be. Losses were elevated and that hurt a lot of underwriting companies and losses piled up. And so my view is we’re not sitting here saying, "Okay, we’re going to take rate change until we hit adequacy, declare victory and then just sit there." I mean that’s not how we’re going to run this business. We want to be earning excellent returns. And you’ve heard me consistently say, starting with the 1/1 renewal in particular, but really even going back to 7/1 of 2022, prospective return profiles are excellent. That does not mean we’re going to sit idly and just accept that. We want to continue to push. It is an elevated risk environment. There is inflation. There is geopolitical challenge. Cat is inherently volatile, and we think reinsurers deserve to get paid for that, and we’re going to continue to push for it.
James Williamson: Yes, Mike, it’s Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. Look, I’d say if you look at the improvement in the current quarter, that’s really driven by two factors. One, we have selected a lower current accident year attritional loss ratio for our Cat portfolio based mostly on our experience. So just in prior years, we’ve outperformed that pick. And so we reduced it. Obviously, I expect a tailwind from all the rate we’re getting to continue to improve that pick over time. So that would be a factor. And then the second factor is really the beginning of a mix shift toward property from casualty, not because we are not growing casualty, you saw we continue to do that in Q2 at a slightly lower rate, but that property growth has picked up and we’ll continue to earn through the portfolio. So all those tailwinds that I described will continue. In particular, you’re really just really at the beginning of earning through all of these positive impacts. So really positive that way. And I know you’re talking loss ratio, but while we’re talking margin, the other tailwind I would describe is around commission. You did see a little bit of commission improvement in the quarter, which obviously a good thing, which we welcome. That was driven almost entirely by mix. So that’s a mix shift toward property and this property mix on the earned premium side increases, that will continue. The piece that you’re really not even seeing yet, but you will see is the fact that casualty seating commissions have been coming down. We’ve seen that pretty consistently starting with 1/1, and it’s really just beginning to earn into the portfolio. So a tailwind there. So the bottom line is, we expect some really good trends in terms of total margin.
James Williamson: Yes, Greg, thanks for the question. I think it’s an astute one because as we mentioned, it’s a tough environment for our cedents and they’re looking to manage risk. And if their treaty attachments have gone up, they’re looking at their pre-risk exposures and their concerns. So they turn to the fac market. We grew our fac portfolio in the second quarter by almost 40%. Based on those trends, with a real emphasis on property as well as some segments of casualty and specialty lines. What I would add to that is very similar to what you’ll hear us say about our insurance property business. The same factors are playing out in facultative in terms of our approach to underwriting. We’re controlling limits deployed, so keeping limits very tight, focused on quality risk selection and ensuring that we’re getting paid extremely well for the risks we’re taking. And I would say, similar again to primary insurance market. The fac rate taking has really accelerated steeply, particularly as our competitors are dealing with their own reinsurance costs. So we view it as a nice opportunity.
James Williamson: Yes, Mike, it’s Jim. So look, I think in the conversations we’re having with our cedents and the analysis we’re doing at renewals, I think fundamentally, as Juan had indicated, the key trend is that rate is moving in the direction it needs to keep up with loss cost and hold loss ratios in place on that front. And what I would just caution in terms of looking at industry indices as a measure of this is portfolio mix really does matter. And if you look at, in particular, some of the areas of the "casualty market" that are under pressure and are not experiencing some of the reacceleration that Juan discussed, things like D&O, or workers’ comp where we have very little exposure. And so that can move an index. But what we’re focused on, obviously, is our own portfolio, and we continue to feel good about where those metrics are heading.
James Williamson: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, look, we’re seeing a variety of types. So to the first part of your question, one of the biggest features, and I think one that points to this pent-up demand for capacity issue is a number of our large global clients have come out into the market either in a closely brokered or in some cases, a private placement situation looking to top up their existing Cat programs. And I think the reality is they would have liked to have bought those top-ups at 1/1. I think they were advised and probably appropriately so by their brokers that wasn’t the time to get that – try to get that done. And so they waited. We started seeing it really at 4/1 right around that time, and it’s continued and it’s been nice activity. And then at the other end of the spectrum, as I had mentioned earlier, some of this is we have a variety of partners coming to us with even large facultative placements, smaller treaties, et cetera, where they just want to deal with per risk exposures and peak zones and get a little more creative and on how they manage their total risk profile, but still keep the economics acceptable. And so it’s continuing. I would say, though, look, the reality is the bulk of this market, particularly in North America, is an open broker market. The big renewals are driving the bulk of all the results that we’re reporting. I would just view these other transactions is a nice tailwind. I think they’re also more importantly a key indication of what we expect to have happen in the future in terms of supply and demand. And so they’re extremely useful that way.
James Williamson: Yes, Meyer. Thanks for the question. Look, and I’ll kind of break that into two parts. First, would – I’ll tell you a little bit more about what we did and why and then get to the reforms. So, one of our most important, I think, underwriting screens when dealing with those Florida specialists, particularly the Demotech rated Florida specialist is our financial underwriting. And particularly given the stress these folks have been under over the last couple of years and the experience from last year, just a number of clients that we did business with in the past didn’t pass that screen. A little over 1/3 of our Demotech-rated clients didn’t pass that screen. And so we were just no longer able to support their programs. And so we ended up deploying less capacity to those folks. Now we we’re in a terrific market. So we simply reallocated it to both Florida and non-Florida opportunities. So I think, a really good trade for us overall. In terms of the reforms, look, we think they’re terrific reforms. We think the political class in Florida exercised a lot of fortitude, encouraged to tackle this problem head on. It was absolutely necessary. I think given the fraud and abuse that was happening in the state, it was heading to a place where you were going to have an insurance and reinsurance crisis. So we’re positive on the reforms, but we’re also – we’re folks that make decisions based on facts, and it’s not yet 100% clear how the reforms will play out in loss costs. I don’t expect the plaintiffs bar in that state to simply acquiesce to the reform. And so we need to see that play out. So as the results of the reform reveal themselves in actual loss activity if they show that loss costs are coming down, obviously, that would make us more favorable on the Florida market, all other things being equal. And if that’s not true, obviously, less so. The only other piece I would add to that, though, is the commitment we have to Florida, I think, is the right size. I don’t necessarily – not necessarily looking for signs to double down on the state either sort of irrespective of what happens.
James Williamson: Yes, Meyer, it’s Jim again. Look, it’s an area of the market where we’ve done a few transactions over time. It is really not something we focus on. It’s obviously highly competitive. And you’re typically competing with companies who do not carry the kind of rating and quality balance sheet that Everest has and so that changes their economics. We would rather build strong forward-looking franchises with the best global and local cedents across multiple lines and that’s where the bulk of our effort and focus is on. So I just don’t see that being a big piece of what we do going forward.
