Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom, and good morning everyone. Everest had another solid quarter of earnings with net income of $210 million for the first quarter of 2018. This compares the net income of $292 million for the first quarter of 2017. The 2018 results represents an annualized net income return on equity of 10%. Net income included $19 million of net after tax realized capital losses compared to $32 million of capital gains in the first quarter last year. The 2018 capital losses were primarily attributable to fair value adjustments on the public equity portfolio. After tax operating income for the first quarter was $220 million compared to $267 million in 2017. As previously announced, the company’s reporting of operating income now excludes foreign exchange gains and losses. The overall underwriting gain for the group was $108 million for the quarter compared to an underwriting gain of $183 million in the same period last year. In the first quarter of 2018, Everest saw $100 million of catastrophe losses related to the 2017 California wildfires compared to $20 million of catastrophe losses reported during the first quarter of 2017. In comparing reported losses against our prior year catastrophe loss estimates and the impact of aggregate covers on attachment to specific events, we revised the ultimate loss estimates by event and by segment with no change in the overall loss estimates except the California wildfires as previously announced. No other events breached our $10 million threshold in the first quarter of 2018, therefore any losses arising from these events were more than covered in our attritional loss estimates, which include a little for events less than $10 million. The overall current year attritional combined ratio was 87.1%, up from 84.5% in the first quarter of 2017, primarily due to changes in business mix and higher retrocession costs in 2018. John Doucette will explain more about these changes and his comments. Our reported combined ratio of 93% was higher than first quarter last year, primarily due to the higher reported catastrophe losses in 2018. For our investments, pretax investment income was $138 million for the quarter on our $18 billion investment portfolio. Investment income was 13% above last year. This result was primarily driven by the increase in limited partnership income which was up $12 million from first quarter of 2017 and the investment grade fixed income portfolio which had a higher asset base this year. The pretax yield on the overall portfolio was 3% with the duration of just over three years. Foreign exchange is reported another income. For the first quarter of 2018 foreign exchange gains were $10 million, compared to $4 million of losses in the first quarter of 2017. Other income also included less than $1 million of earnings and fees from Mt. Logan Re, compared to $2 million of income in the first quarter last year. On income taxes, the 6% effective tax rate on operating income was at the low end of our expected range of 7% to 8% for the full year. The effective tax rate is an annualized calculation that includes planned catastrophe losses for the rest of the year. Should catastrophe losses come in lower than this estimate, it would be expected that the tax rate would go up. Shareholders’ equity for the group was $8.3 billion at the end of the first quarter, relatively flat, compared to year-end 2017. This is after taking into account the mark-to-market impact on the investment portfolio and capital return through $53 million of dividend paid in the first quarter of 2018. Our capital position remains very strong. Thank you. Now John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operations.
Craig Howie: Josh, this is Craig Howie. Technically the tax rate is based on the operating tax, based on geographic region and where that income is coming from. What we have done throughout this year and that includes by the way catastrophes and any reserve development as well. But what you saw in the first quarter and the reason for a lower tax rate is the fact that we had the catastrophe losses were emanating from the United States and the majority of those releases were coming from the other segments, including the Bermuda segment.
Craig Howie: And I’ll add to that, as I mentioned as well in our opening comments that there’s an improving trend in casualty as well. So increased opportunity there to meet our margin requirements.
John Doucette: Hi, Josh, this is John. I think it really – I don’t know if we can speak for other people, because I think part of it’s going to be a function of the capital. What the capital structures of different reinsurers are. But a couple of things, we have a fair bit of capital both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. and we’re going to continue to try to access the business in the most advantageous way that we see based on our underwriting expertise, based on our connection to brokers and clients and things like that. And that will – so it really is opportunity dependent as to where we’re going to write the business, whether it’s going to be in the U.S. reinsurance segment, the Bermuda reinsurance segment or the international segment
John Doucette: So as we talked about last quarter, I think it really depends on geographically, where the business is and what the loss impact was by the specific business. That would drive a lot of what the rate discussions are going forward. So no surprise areas that had been affected by the HIM losses or the California wildfires saw more rate increase at one-one. As we mentioned earlier in our script, when it came to April 1, which is a big Asia renewal particularly Japan, it was a lot closer to stable. And, but we did see rate increases in some of the Caribbean areas that did have the losses. So I think it does follow the loss events, in terms of where it’s going to go at the upcoming renewals, we think that would also hold directionally true that the areas that had more losses would have upward pressure on rates. And we’ll see what happens and we’re positioned to take advantage of it based on what the rating environment is and what products that we think is most attractive. And as we talked about and you saw in this quarter, sometimes that’ll be excess or loss sometimes that will be proportional, sometimes it’ll be reinsurance, sometimes it will be retro. And we try to really capture where we think we’re getting the best risk adjusted return, irrespective of the product. And so that results in some of the changes you saw in this quarter. But we are comfortable that, no matter where the rate changes and the rate pressures are or not. And trends will be able to capture that.
John Doucette: Well I mean, as my colleague’s comment as well, but let me just first make the comment that the change in the attritional is largely due to mix of business. And influx of pro-rata business in the first quarter was driving at the attritional. But remember that overall that our premium will be coming in for the balance of the year and will served increase our overall margin. But even though the ratios might be going up, because of pro-rata business has a lot more premium on the books and therefore that will contribute to an increased underwriting margin. So we have to be careful about whether we’re talking about ratios or margin. So…
John Doucette: Yeah, Kai. just a little more color on that. We also – we alluded to it a couple of times, but if you recall in Q2 2017, we won – we issued what was called Kilimanjaro II catastrophe bond. So that was in from second quarter last year and it remains in effect now. It was not in Q1 2017 and that’s part of the elevated, because of that additional issuance of catastrophe bond back in the second quarter, but not in the first. That’s why that Q1-to-Q1 comparison reflects that.
John Doucette: Just to add a little more color, outside of the M&A question, the fact that there is a lot of M&A, and activity and discussion, we think does present opportunities for us particularly on the reinsurance side. And as Dom alluded to in his opening comments, some of the consolidation results and some of that we’ve seen the large global buying more, and they want to buy from companies like Everest that have a strong balance sheet, and right P&C lines of business all over the world. And so their capacity demands are increasing and we’re seeing some of the large global insurers buying more and buying more in the casualty and professional lines. And so that was part of the reason why we had the growth that we had in Q1.
John Doucette: So Meyer, I think it we – I don’t think it’s – I don’t think that’s, we don’t start with, we want to write more causality business. We start with where can we build the footprint that makes the most sense on a diversified global portfolio across as many lines of business, and make the best risk-adjusted portfolio we can. We are seeing opportunities in the causality space more than we had. We have been fairly negative on casualty and professional liability for the last several years and maybe a little bit ahead of the curve. And we think that was the right call, and we are now seeing more opportunities. So, it’s more a function of what we think the risk-adjusted pricing is. But the point of the relevance is that we have the ability, we have the underwriting expertise, we have the market expertise in local markets all around the globe. And we have the relationships with the brokers and clients to be able to deploy the capacity in any property and casualty line as we see, witness our clients need to buy. And we think that helps us along with the alternative capital that we can use to deploy in the property space. We think helps us be more and more relevant to our clients.
John Doucette: This is John; I think you know there’s pluses and minuses with every type of client that we trade with. They have they bring stability, they bring diversity, they bring again, to our point of trying to have a diverse portfolio they are buying from us in Latin America, in Asia, in Europe and obviously in North America and Bermuda and London. And so it allows us to across that relationship have a more stable relationship. But again, there’s – some of them are more or less reinsurance dependent than if you go to the other end of the spectrum of much, much smaller clients that are very reinsurance dependent given their capital structure and their writings. So there’s pluses and minuses of all types of clients that we trade with.
John Doucette: Good morning, Elyse. It’s John. So in terms of the growth, I mean, so a part of the growth is kind of a two-pronged issue. We rode business including proportional business at one-one and we rode more, and we would see that earn-in over the next several quarters. So we will see some growth tied to that, in terms of whether we see new business that incept when we put on the books. in future quarters, we think so, we don’t know if it’s going to be at the same rate that we’ve seen so far. it’s a lot harder for us to predict that, but there is the embedded growth that we’ve had from the business we’ve already put on the books. We do think that we have been expanding our opportunity set for example, developing political risk and trade credit in our Zurich operation; it’s just one of the many examples around the group that we’ve been doing to try to build out our opportunities that expand that. and therefore that gives the opportunity to grow more. you mentioned crop. crop was fairly flat. So their growth isn’t really coming there. We are seeing more both in the U.S., Bermuda and in our Bermuda operation in London, we are seeing more casualty professional and some whole account opportunities, and we continue as we’ve said on the last several quarters. We are writing the mortgage business that’s up a little bit or close to flat, but we do continue to see new opportunities in the mortgage space and I think we’ll be able to deploy capacity on an attractive risk adjusted basis there, and as you may recall, a lot of the mortgage deals that are done with the GSEs or multi-year deals. So, we have effectively IBNR premium coming in over the next many years for deals that we’ve already put on the books.
John Doucette: We have a run rate of about a $150 million to $175 million give-or-take that shows the new business origination.
Dom Addesso: I’ll ask Jon Zaffino, because that’s heavily impacted in the insurance book. But of course, it’s a direct carry-over to reinsurance. So Jon, maybe you can highlight some of the trends we’re seeing.
Dom Addesso: So, I think the way to summarize that would be really nothing in excess or out of bounds relative to what we see as general inflation across the entire economy.
Dom Addesso: This comes up frequently, and I think I’ve mentioned many times, we look at probably all of the opportunities that are around in the marketplace, and generally a bit while there will potentially be opportunity certainly nothing that we can speak to today. but generally, we have included in all of these that relative because of – in part, because of the price of many of these properties. And probably more importantly, the integration challenges in particular and the expense challenge of integrating operations. We tilt towards an organic build. And I think we’ve demonstrated that we can do that successfully and organic build you end up knowing exactly what you’ve got and you can shape and mold the operation to your liking as opposed to having to tear something apart. So that’s our preference, but it doesn’t mean if something wouldn’t come along that would – that would fit strategically for us in an area that move not yet fully developed, so that’s how I think about it.
Dom Addesso: But it doesn’t necessarily suggest that we’re riding business at any cost. I mean, again, get back to whether it’s in the reinsurance of operation or the insurance operation, the heavy emphasis on cycle management and that applies line-by-line. At the same time, we are trying to achieve greater diversification too. So these are all things that I think have led to a more stable result for the group, and we’ll continue to do so.
Dom Addesso: Well, I think that’s absolutely the case, and even more importantly, that’s clearly the case in insurance, where the brand is being fully – more fully developed.
Dom Addesso: Meyer, this is really – I don’t believe it’s a negative to have a sophisticated trading partner. In fact, I think it would be quite a positive, because they are more easily recognized the strength and the value that Everest can bring to the transaction. So I view it as a positive and as John was really highlighting, I think we find that having those broader and larger relationships tends to overtime; we tend to have a more stable margin. in any one area, you might be tilted the sideways a bit, but across the entire account, you tend to have greater stability.
Dom Addesso: Elyse, we – as you know, we do our reserve studies that the bulk of our reserve studies in the latter part of the year in the fourth quarter. But of the other metrics that we use to develop to evaluate reserves along the way are at each quarter-end. Something we call actual versus expected were all trending favorable. But it’s a consequence we don’t – and we don’t make reserve adjustments based on those metrics. We wait for the reserves that’s quite – but the trends, the metrics that we use are all favorable.
Dom Addesso: We have said in last quarter’s call, low-to-mid 90s is kind of what our target is. It’s a little difficult to give you a precise number, but it would certainly be an improvement over – a measurable improvement over the last year.
Dom Addesso: All right. let me thank you very much. Let me conclude with just a few thoughts. We’re up to a great start for the year. The changing mix, which we’ve talked about already will certainly impact being the attritional ratios, will in fact produce an overall increase to the total dollar margin as the year develops. We fully expect as you’ve heard from my colleagues rates to be improving both property and the casualty areas in certainly sufficient quantity and difficult, class of the business, who will allow us to increase our overall returns here and again, we are confident about our ROEs. Finally, if you just give me one second, I’d like to close with a tribute to our colleague Beth Farrell, who is retiring in early May after 15 plus years with Everest. I know she has been a valuable resource to those on the call. I certainly appreciate the support she is giving me. We will miss her, but wish her and her husband a full and enjoyable retirement. Thank you so much, Beth.
Dom Addesso: And again, thank you all for your interest this morning and look forward to our future discussions over the weeks ahead. Thank you.
