Juan Andrade: Thanks, John. I feel good about the direction of the insurance and the reinsurance market, and I am pleased with our execution and our momentum. We have grown our premium by 15% in the first 6 months of 2020. Our first priority is to profitably deploy our capital for organic business growth in this hardening market environment. We continue to find ways to put our capital to work, and we see strong opportunities ahead. Now let me turn it over to Jon Levenson to open it up for your questions.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Mike, this is Juan Andrade. Look, I think we have a very solid estimate based on what we know today. We have a good process that has underlined the estimates really from the beginning of this crisis, and we certainly talked about it in the last call. All that being said, this event is still underway, right? The crisis is still ongoing. And much of this is going to be determined by the length of this crisis, as well as by any actions that are taken by governments along the way. So I think in that sense, there is some uncertainty as to where the losses, particularly on the reinsurance side, may go as cedents are still trying to grapple with their own numbers and essentially come up to a good estimate. But again, I would say, from my perspective, we do have a solid estimate based on what we know. And that certainly has been the approach and the perspective that we have taken from the very beginning. And as we have more updated information, we will be updating that as well.
Juan Andrade: Yes. It's a great question. Fortunately, we're in a pretty good position, right, in the sense that you don't have to choose which of your children you like most. We see opportunities on both sides, right? And so I think as I articulated and John Doucette had articulated, we're seeing some really good opportunities on the facultative risk side, some very good opportunities in property as well. All of that being said, you also heard from John that we're being very disciplined. So if things do not meet our economic return criteria, we will walk away from it just like what we did at some of the recent renewals. But we see plenty of opportunity to deploy capital there. The same thing in insurance. You saw the growth rate there. We see great opportunities in property, both wholesale and retail. We see very good opportunities in excess casualty. We see very good opportunities in D&O. So right now, because of our capital base, we are looking at where we can play offense in this market and deploying our capital that way, so we can grow and essentially take advantage of the favorable conditions.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So Josh, this is Juan. So for this year, there is no change in our cat load from that perspective. But let me ask John Doucette to speak to the PMLs.
Juan Andrade: Sure, Yaron. So thank you for the question. This is Juan. Look, so number one, I would start with the fact that for us, this is a dynamic process, right? We're always sort of assessing our capital, our needs, the environment, that sort of thing. So it's not a fixed point in time. It's a very dynamic discussion that we have within the company. We find the current opportunities to be quite attractive. And hopefully, you saw that from, frankly, the bullish nature of my comments and those of John Doucette on this call. I think you see that from the growth rates and how we're managing to execute on the opportunities that we see in this market. But our position right now is, look, I mean, where we sit with the capital that we have right now, we feel that we have more than enough to be on offense in this marketplace. Unlike others who have had to raise capital for defensive purposes, we're not in that situation, right? We're actually in a good place right now. Now I did say in my remarks that this environment is very fluid. And if we identify opportunities that we see that are accretive to our bottom line, then we certainly have the flexibility to be able to do that. Again, I would have like Craig to see if he's got any additional thoughts on that.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Yaron, happy to talk about that. Look, every contract is going to be different, right? I think unlike a natural catastrophe, there's going to be hours clauses, there's going to be bench definitions, there's going to be different attachment points, et cetera. And so that's really when we say that, that's what we mean, is that this is not a panacea, and we're going to look at each contract by its nature, by its merits, by its own facts. And then we will make claims adjudication decisions based on that.
Juan Andrade: Well, I think following the fortunes would imply that essentially, any loss that you're seeing to report as being a COVID loss would be automatically accepted. And essentially, what I'm saying - what we're saying as a company is it's very fact specific, and that will be put against the contractual requirements and wording in each of our contracts.
Juan Andrade: Thanks, Ryan. Look, what I would say is we are definitely seeing loss trend being essentially below our written price change, right? So we're seeing a lot more rate right now ahead of trend. And that's a good thing. That being said though, we are also keeping our loss picks up and conservative given the environment in all of this, right? So while you're seeing rate ahead of loss trend, and frankly, you're seeing some frequency benefit on some lines of business, at this point in time, we think it's just prudent to maintain the loss picks where they are. And so over time, you will see that margin improvement. And so that's basically how we're looking at that.
Juan Andrade: Got it. So if we're looking at Beirut specifically, I think, as you pointed out, look, it's probably too early to tell. We are a global company, and I would expect that we will have some loss out of that. I would expect the loss, if it comes, it will be more on the reinsurance side than on the primary insurance side, at least for ours.
Juan Andrade: Yes, sure. This is Juan, Meyer. Would be happy to talk to you about that. Number one, it's very small, right? So it's less than $5 million. And it's really an increase on a specific large loss that came through in the quarter in our international insurance operations. So it's not meaningful from that perspective. And as you know, our reserving philosophy has been that we react quickly to that news. And frankly, we felt it prudent to recognize in this quarter and we recognized the development.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So that's correct, Brian. We are not taking any frequency benefit in the quarter for any of the lines of business where we have seen lower frequency so far this year. At this point in time, we think that's premature. And the reason for that is pretty straightforward. While you do see claims counts down in some lines of business like commercial auto and workers' comp and in GL, exposures are also down, which also result in premium refunds, right? So the impact on severity is less clear yet. And so I think you really need to look at longer-term averages because some of these frequency decreases may be temporary, and we don't know what the bounce back is going to be once the economy is fully reopen.
Juan Andrade: Yes. No, absolutely. This is something that, frankly, we have been all over from the very beginning of this crisis. And I give a lot of credit to our corporate underwriting teams and our chief underwriting officers on that. Look, this is consistent with what I just said about frequency. I think as the economy begins to reopen again, a lot of the trend indicators that were there prior to the pandemic that frankly gave rise to some of the rate increases that we're seeing now across the board are still going to be there, right? So that hasn't gone away. But we have taken a number of actions, whether it's been pushing rate, tightening terms and conditions, reviewing contract wordings. We've also been putting pandemic exclusions in place across the board. We've also withdrawn capacity from certain territories, certain products, certain lines of business that, frankly, we weren't comfortable with as far as the risk assessment or the coverage that was being granted. And as you just asked on the earlier question regarding other specialty and insurance, we're also remaining cautious on certain economically sensitive lines. So we've taken a pretty deep and thoughtful approach to our underwriting from the very beginning of this pandemic in order to provide protection to the book going forward.
Juan Andrade: Yes, absolutely. Look, I would tell you that the estimate that we have on the insurance side is a solid estimate, as I mentioned before. Particularly for event cancellation type policies, we are looking at early 2021 at this point in time. And this goes back to one of the questions I was asked earlier about the nature of this event. And what I mentioned, which, look, this is an ongoing event, and a lot of this will depend on the length and shape of it, frankly. But on contingency, we're definitely looking at early 2021 at this point in time.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So let me give you my thoughts on that, and then I would ask John Doucette to jump in as well. So look, I think the process has been very similar from the perspective of the detailed discussions that we've been having with our cedents, we've been having with brokers trying to understand the book of business. Obviously, the difference being that in the reinsurance side, it's a much more global book. We have some very large cedents and they're still trying to grapple in some ways, as you've seen in a lot of the calls, with their own exposure. And so from that perspective, on the reinsurance side, we do get a bit of a lag as far as the information is concerned with some of this information. But I think as far as the time horizon is concerned, our conversations with the cedents have been - they're looking at similar time frames through the end of this year, beginning of next year. But John, I don't know if you would like to add some color to that also.
Juan Andrade: Yes. And the last thing that I would add to that is, remember, the assessments we have out there are really management's best estimate. And what the auditors will review is really the approach on how management essentially achieve those estimates.
Juan Andrade: I think it would be helpful to add that indigenous exposure would be de minimis, right? I think any exposure for the company really would be out of global treaties from global cedents, that sort of thing.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you, and thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to continuing the discussions next quarter. But before I let you go, just echo what I said earlier. We feel very good about where Everest stands right now. We feel very good about our traction, our momentum and our ability to execute in this market. So thank you for your support, for your questions, and I hope you stay safe.
Craig Howie: Juan, I think you covered it. I do think that, just to state the obvious, that if we did want to build our balance sheet, we have sufficient low leverage and certainly one of the lowest debt leverages in the industry to be able to do so.
Craig Howie: Yes, Juan, I agree. If you're going to raise capital, it should be accretive. And certainly, timing comes into play as well. If you're raising equity capital, certainly, earlier in the year was a good time to do it instead of waiting toward election times. But we didn't need to raise equity capital. We didn't need to build scale. We already have the scale. We're not trying to fund M&A at this point in time, and we're not trying to replace retro coverage at this point in time. So certainly, as the market changes, we still have flexibility, especially with respect to our debt leverage.
Craig Howie: Well, Elyse, it depends on which capital measure you're looking at. And right now, we feel as though we can grow both sides of our book, both reinsurance and insurance, with the capital base that we have today. And that even goes into looking forward to 1/1 renewals on a reinsurance basis. So that's why we feel as though given the market and given where we are today, that we have enough capital to not miss out on any opportunities in the current market conditions.
Craig Howie: Yes. So Elyse, with respect to our leverage, certainly, from a rating agency perspective, what they're doing currently right now is allowing people to increase their current leverage. As you know, we're closer to 6%. We could have easily grown that capital to 20% leverage without any question or concern at all. Most of our peers are in the 20% and upwards of 30% range, as you well know. So from that standpoint, we have plenty of room to grow and expand that leverage. As far as the Logan AUM question, our Logan AUM was - we were able to grow the AUM slightly this quarter, but it is down from year-end. We're at about $800 million.
Craig Howie: With respect to the California wildfire subrogation, first of all, on the reinsurance side, we'll see a lag in reporting from our cedents on that. The PG&E settlement just happened this quarter. So it will take some time before it gets reported to us. On the insurance side, we don't expect much subrogation at all since we had very few losses related to the California wildfires in our Insurance segment.
Craig Howie: It depends on each season, and it depends on each contract that we have with them and how much coverage we have with them. And then they will report back to us depending on what their settlement was out of the PG&E settlement.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. Thanks, Josh, for the question. So as I mentioned in the script, we have seen opportunities. And as we put in the investor presentation, the PMLs are up now, Southeast wind is 7% of equity, up from 5.7%. And really, it's going to be a function of the - of what we see in the market. We expect - we like Florida, but we were disciplined. We did shed some clients and nonperforming accounts that didn't meet our return thresholds. And that was true at July 1 as well, and we expect it to be true at 1/1. So we do expect to see momentum continuing into 1/1 and beyond. We think it's a great market to be a seller of retro. We are a top 2 seller of retro among rated reinsurers. And as Juan alluded to, we have the capital across the Kilimanjaro bonds, Logan and, of course, our common equity and debt - have the capital and flexibility to write the book that we see that's in front of us and what the market gives to us. But we do expect to see robust demand in 1/1 and going forward.
John Doucette: Yes. That's a great question. And I think first principles. That's why we're agnostic to the form that we take in reinsurance risk, whether that's casualty, property, specialty and mortgage. We look at it across - we look at it as to how we want to deploy capital, and that will vary by product. And likewise, our clients will look to see whether they want to do things on a proportional basis, an excess basis, excess or loss per risk basis. And that varies. Some of them will change that over time. But that's why in my statement, in my comments, I mentioned that the casualty market we're seeing improving, but we're seeing a little bit of improvement in ceding commissions given the market that we're in. But we are seeing a lot more of the benefit coming through the original, the primary rates on the insurance operation. So - and then also, I think it's - we need to remember that there are a whole lot of clients out there that write their business using different capital levels. And some have capital - a lot of capital support that, that gives them flexibility, whether they do something potentially on a pro rata basis or an excess basis. But then a lot of our clients around the world, again, they don't have a lot of capital. And so sometimes they need to de-lever their premium. And so they do need to buy proportional treaties. And that's in the U.S., that's international, that's in Lloyd's, where it will vary, again, by line of business. And that gives us the opportunity by having the ability to dynamically allocate capital by line, by territory and by product, excess loss or pro rata, it gives us the best chance to capture what we see as the opportunity in front of us profitably.
John Doucette: Yes. Ryan, thanks for the question. So a couple of things. So what we've been saying for a while is that we want to - we're not just a one-trick pony within property. And if you rewind the tape, property - our view, the property was more attractive on a relative basis than some other lines, and you talked about being more bearish on casualty than some of our competitors. So what we've seen, a couple of things. We have seen property - improvement in property prices. We've also seen improvement in casualty. As you know, we've been growing out our mortgage book substantially. We're seeing nice increases and opportunities in specialty lines business. And so we're deploying more capacity along the way there. And really, I think what we're trying to do is capture what we see as the opportunity in front of us. We've also talked about on prior calls kind of an elevated risk that we've seen in a social - when you think about social inflation and things in Florida tied to like assignment of benefits and climate change and other risks that also have caused us to make sure that we're deploying what we view as the right amount of capacity fill combination. And so that elevated the return requirements that we needed to deploy increased capacity. And again, our view as to where are we head into 1/1, we expect to see a robust January 1, particularly in peak zone cat and retro. And we'll deploy capacity accordingly. So we'll do it, but we'll also be - we'll do it based on what the market terms and conditions are, what the clients' demands are, but we'll also be looking across all lines of business and territories to really build the best book we can.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. And as you said, there clearly is an information lag in terms of when the reinsurers hear things, plus everybody has to go look at the contracts in terms of how - again, going back to contract specific, fact specific, what are the retention clauses. What were the retentions? What are the hours clauses? What are other terms and conditions, exclusions that are in the contract? And I think that just takes a while to understand. And our clients - again, it varies by territory, what the original wording is. And so there's a lot of moving parts that really result in this as well as, as we've said, this being an ongoing event, that it makes it a lot more complicated. But we feel comfortable, based on all the information we have today, with both the process that we put in place to identify as well as what we have booked, again, given the information we have today.
John Doucette: Yes. This is John. I just wanted to add. So it very much is a function of what was their gross wildfire loss and then where do their reinsurance - what is the attachment point and the limits. So some of it, it could meaningfully impact their ceded losses. In some cases, it could have no impact on their ceded losses. So we're really in a wait and see, as Craig said, waiting to see what the settlement, if any, was and what they report as the benefit to the reinsurers. And when and if they do that, we'll book that into our numbers.
John Doucette: Yes. So I mean, again, very early days. It's a small market, and we're looking at what the - first, we're looking at what the coverages are that are offered in the region. So far, some of the brokers have come back with some modest coverages that are there. And really, we're still - it's too early to tell in terms of what the ripple effect is, both for the building, the specific building that was at risk, but then also the broader - the territory, the neighborhood that was impacted around that. So frankly, we're looking at it, but it's a relatively small market.
John Doucette: We're still assessing that. We don't have - we certainly would expect it to be, but it does vary by territory, but we don't have any reason to think it wouldn't be.
