Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, and welcome to the meeting this morning. We are pleased that we’re able to report to you today an excellent fourth quarter result. This of course comes during the year that experienced a record level of catastrophe losses for the industry. It is noteworthy that despite this level of losses, we were able to report a profit for the full year and an ROE of 6% on the strength of the fourth quarter. This level of performance for the year demonstrates the ability of our platform to sustain periodic events and yet maintain an above average industry return through the cycle. Our value proposition and risk management has positioned us to succeed. No doubt there'll be questions today and beyond about rates, competition, return of capital, and acquisitions. And while we've readily admit these are certainly the issues of the day, our value proposition is such we continue to build diversification and scale that allows us take advantage of market dynamics. If you've heard from us in the past and will continue to hear from my colleagues today is the success we're having in achieving profitable growth, both the new products and existing ones. We reached a record revenue with over $7 billion in total gross premium written for 2017. In 2017, our reinsurance portfolio grew 20% with much of that growth in lines other than U.S. property cap. Crop, casualty, non U.S. property, mortgage and other credit related business, all exhibited meaningful growth during the year. The U.S. cap business grew in part due to reinstatement premiums and back up coverage, and true growth is offset by sessions to cat bonds and Mt. Logan. Therefore, there was no material change to speak of in our PML exposure relative to cap. All this points to a reinsurance portfolio that is becoming more diversified each and every year, thereby providing earnings resiliency with an attritional combined ratio of 81%, which was stable year-over-year. Further in this diversification is the continued growth in our insurance business to over $2 billion or 15% for the year and 32% for the year adjusting for the sale of our crop company. More important than the growth was the continuing improvement in our attritional combined ratio as we expected. And due to legacy issue coming under control, we have reserve releases come through in the fourth quarter. Those profit and growth trends are quite encouraging and ones that we expect will continue. Tribute to a great that has executed and capitalized on the brand, scope, scale and financial strength of the franchise. Another contributor to results for the year was our growth and investment income of 15%. Certainly, asset growth is a factor but the larger contribution came from the asset allocation decisions made during the year without meaningfully changing our duration or risk profile. Combination of strong investment results coupled with our underlying results on an after tax basis resulted in $375 million of operating profit, which given the weather events during the year we believe is an outstanding result. Book value per share rose by 4%, reflecting in part the return of capital to our shareholders both through dividends and share repurchases. So as we end the year and move into 2018, I do so with optimism. Our talent, execution and platform have never been better. We have a culture to take on new opportunities and be nimble, which is what the current market dynamics dictate we must have. Our risk appetite is continually evolving based on where the best risk adjusted returns are. Pricing and property lines both in reinsurance and insurance are moving in the right direction. At 1/1, a heavy reinsurance renewal date PMLs in the U.S. reinsurance book in particular are down year-over-year but the absolute margins are up. We expect that to continue. Capital markets are still a factor and likely to continue to grow. However, we do not expect this development to crab us out as opportunities for greater economic growth, privatization of public risk and continued movement towards closing the gap between economic and insured losses with all leads to the needs for greater capacity. Equally encouraging is the casualty space, which has been soft for some time, but is now firming to varying degrees in most lines. This will benefit both our reinsurance and insurance operations. And while the standard lines will benefit from RE, there will also be real growth as more offerings have greater appeal with expanded margins. Furthermore, the insurance team has been the greater upside as we continue to scale our platform. And on the reinsurance side, we will continue to expand our newer product offerings, which will further diversify our portfolio. These are all factors which we feel will contribute to growing success into 2018 and beyond. Now, I will turn it over to my colleagues for further details about our results and our journey. Thank you. And first to Craig for the financial report.
Dom Addesso: And also, Elyse, what we said was that our PML relative to capital about stable, so we were suggesting that the PML would go down necessarily, which is relative to capital it would be about similar position.
Dom Addesso: So overall with the tax rate coming down in the United States, as you know, we do business globally around the world in many different jurisdictions. But with the tax rate coming down in the U.S., we expect our overall tax rate to come down about a couple of points.
Dom Addesso: I still think that we feel the market was trending up in the property space, particularly those areas that have been loss affected. And we’re not anticipating perhaps the alternative capital of having some impact on wild swings in rates but generally markets are seeking some level of rate increase in those loss effective areas, and frankly they deserve it. So we do not expect the reloading of alternative capital if it is even reloaded entirely to impact or to have a rate decrease effect.
Dom Addesso: I'm going to let Craig get to the specifics for that. But first let me say that you're correct and that we haven't had an overall net reserve release in insurance for quite some time. But let me highlight the fact that it has been due to our legacy portfolio and we have had net reserve releases in varying lines of business in the insurance book, it’s just that on the net basis, they haven't come through because they’ve been overwhelmed with the legacy issues, which we now feel we have control of it. I'll let Craig get into some of the more specifics about your question.
Dom Addesso: And part of the answer to that Jay is also that it's a little difficult to give you absolute numbers on that, because it somewhat depends on what we see coming in front door, so if our property business is down or that one strategy if it’s up that might be an entirely different strategy. What we are anticipating though is that our expected capital were go forward into 2018 would be just under 9%, which was about a point drop from where traditional is at.
Dom Addesso: None whatsoever. In fact, I am not sure that we would -- maybe even detract a little bit more from an acquisitions team to the extent that that's the go forward multiple we think that an organic build is a lot more efficient for us. And I think we've demonstrated both on the reinsurance and the insurance side that we've been successful in that strategy.
Dom Addesso: Well, Josh you have a good memory as to timeline. But when I first came in I think what I said at the time is that I thought we had an adequate reserve position. And I think that’s demonstrated to be accurate. I think if you look through the history at the various accident years, we have developed favorably, so that's number one. Some years develop more favorably than others, but all different. What did change and I did institute some reserving changes when I first came in just the way we established the current accident year number, and that I think frankly through time has proven to be perhaps a bit more conservative than it may have been prior to that. But nevertheless, reserves have developed favorably. And I think it's what we've been able to harvest over the last couple of years, probably is somewhat reflective of a slightly more conservative philosophy than we had in the past. But notwithstanding that again history would prove that our reserves have developed favorably at various accident years.
Dom Addesso: Well first of all, I think that we felt the stock was an enormous value at the time we bought it in. The amount that we bought in was somewhat contained because of how close it was to coming up with numbers as opposed to why it was 50 as opposed to something more. We have to be mindful of the fact that we’re getting closer to the year-end. And relative to our capital position, we were comfortable with where the third quarter events what that meant to our total financial position. So we weren’t particularly concerned about our capital position. And relative to debt-to-equity, what we stated in the past is that we'd like to keep that number conservative because it's a contingency reserve if you will to the extent that we saw an opportunity either despite my preference for organic build. If we did see an acquisition that made some sense that gave us some flexibility and/or if we saw some tremendous market opportunity again it gave us flexibility. So we tend to view the debt capacity as one that's gives us flexibility as opposed to leveraging that made up to the max.
Dom Addesso: First of all, the rate increases that have come through the market are probably less than people were anticipating based on other market events of a similar nature. And recognize that the market has been in somewhat of a rate declines for several years. So whether to the extent was it a rational response, even though the losses were as you described as expected, I absolutely think it was a rational response. And I think perhaps closing as rational as it needed to be. But nevertheless, from our perspective, the rate increases get us back to a point where it's a reasonable return relative to the risk we’re taking on. Whereas I think if you look at the results of the industry in last three years in many cases there were many markets that were operating at below the cost of capital. So I absolutely think even though it might have been an expected level of loss, if you’re riding business below your cost of capital then that absolutely is a rational response.
Dom Addesso: Well, that's what we do each and every day, and of course. And there are instances where we think it's the right rate and we’ll increase share. We think it’s the appropriate rate. And in many cases, as we saw 1/1 were instances where we defined or got off the certain businesses, because it was an inappropriate rate relative to the risk. So yes, these events always create opportunities, sometimes the opportunities make sense and other times, they don't.
Dom Addesso: And we do that -- it's less seasonal now that it’s on the reinsurance book than it was when it was on the insurance book.
Dom Addesso: Let me just interrupt there for a minute. There are more questions -- we were perhaps a little longer than usual in our opening remarks. So I don't mind going over a bit if you've some additional questions in queue, given it's the year end and given the nature of the results. So anyway, go ahead Brian.
Dom Addesso: I think that, Brian, will more likely be more of a personal lines issue than it’s likely to be a commercial lines issue. And I think overtime the market will self-correct itself I'm not sure that regulators necessarily sometimes can help themselves will necessarily need to get involved in that particular kind of activity.
Dom Addesso: Well, that varies across various lines of business. So what we model in for work comp is different than what we build in for a casualty or excess liability, or property, it's were financial lines for that matter. So there isn’t one how to answer to that question, but suffice to say that we’re building trend in to all -- not only our pricing but also our reserving activities.
Dom Addesso: Well certainly, I'll talk to the reinsurance piece first. We've actually been adding resources. We talk a lot about adding new lines of business and diversifying our reinsurance platform. And we have been adding resources, technical resources to keep up with that or to generate those business opportunities and properly underwrite them. And I don’t see that on the reinsurance side as particularly the problem given both nature of the premium that comes in on the reinsurance side, so not an issue at all. And frankly from an infrastructure point of view, we've added the resources and we have the management debt to deal with those types of accounts. On the insurance side, as Jonathan pointed out, our expense ratio just up slightly year-over-year and that scenario we also continue to add resources, as well as continue to invest in fiscals. So fact that we're able to maintain that expense ratio, I think is attribute to Jonathan and his team, as well as the rest of the support units within the organization that provide services to our insurance operation. So we continue to do -- the earned premium continues to build on the insurance operation. I think we’re able to properly manage that expense ratio and at the same time, make the proper investments where we need to.
Dom Addesso: Well, good. Thank you all very much for your participation in the call this morning and for your questions as normal. Just to summarize, this has been record level of catastrophe losses. For the year, we think we've had more than respectable result and it's demonstrated the diversity of Everest, the growth that we've experienced in both on the reinsurance side and the insurance side, demonstrates that we continue to add value to our customers, clients and brokers. And we expect that success that we had in '17 to continue into 2018. So thank you for your interest and your participation this morning. We look forward to any follow-up questions you might have after this call. Thank you so much.
Craig Howie: Elyse this is Craig. Yes, that would be the same basis that we typically disclosed our PMLs on a net economic basis, so it would be after reinstatement and after taxes. We do expect them to stay in relation to our overall capital. We expect them to stay relatively flat or even slightly down.
Craig Howie: After tax reform, as you know, the tax rate will go down. So the tax benefit for some of the longer bill depends on the return period. So the longer return periods will get less tax benefit, but we can cover that with other types of reinsurance purchases and lower catastrophe loss.
Craig Howie: It's a good comment, and Dom's comment is correct as well. We didn't see any drag from the prior year run off business in the insurance segment this year. So what you're seeing is the actual results come through on a net basis, you're seeing favorable development. Primarily from as John Zaffino mentioned, it's from 2013 and prior and mostly in the workers’ compensation area but some other small lines as well. So that's the major difference year-over-year, but our process hasn’t change that conservative process that you mentioned since even as early as 2010, remains in effect and we continue to go through that same process each year. We take our time to react to that favorable development and we don’t release those redundancies until they've developed overtime and become more mature.
Craig Howie: So the answer to that, first of all, is the starting point was our 2016 tax rate was about 10% that was last year. This year as you know, we had a tax benefit for the overall year, so that the actual exposure that we had after the catastrophe losses for the year. But we do expect it to be in the high-single digit going forward, that's number one. And your question about what are we doing going forward. We will be cancelling or have canceled our quota share already, because it is not economical for us to do that, going forward.
John Doucette: That's one of the things we did net incrementally accounted for some of the premium, I mean across the entire $5 billion on premium, it's not that material. It does -- it's in different classes of business, credit, mortgage and different lines of business, there is a couple of property deals. But overall, it's not a very meaningful part of our book.
John Doucette: So there's a lot of moving parts. And I don't know that we know exactly what happened with the market. There's a lot of deals that are done in the market that we declined, and we don't know what the ultimate price that they were done at. And I think that's one of the ways that we get better than market results is that we maintain our underwriting discipline on deals that we don't agree with the absolute rate or don't agree with the rate increase or flat or decrease given the loss positions or the overall market condition. So it's hard for us to quantify that, but we are comfortable that we are building a better overall portfolio that exists in the market given our ratings, our global footprint, our very broad diversified portfolio, frankly our fantastic underwriters around the globe. And I think that just helps us. And as I mentioned, it helps us build relationships as we continue, we are and continue to be relevant to many of our trading partners. And one of the interesting things this January 1st is we saw across a whole lot of operations, our Bermuda, our London, Zurich, Canada, Miami, U.S., we saw many clients increasing their participation with us and that's across a lot of different lines of business. So that's probably the most -- one of the most optimistic things we saw is just the increase in demand for reinsurance, particularly with Everest. So we're very pleased with that. Again, Dom alluded to the mid-year renewals we don't know what it's going to be. We think given the rate decreases that have happened and the losses, there should be upward pressure on rates, but we don't forecast what we think it'll be. We are confident that we'll be able to execute irrespective of what the market conditions are.
John Doucette: So I think we buy traditional reinsurance, we buy have looked at retro from time-to-time, we cede business to Logan, we have the cat bonds, and probably use, et cetera and we continue to look at different capital structures traditional or non-traditional that we’re going to do. I think probably the way I would think about it is look at the metric gross ratios both for insurance and reinsurance over the last couple of years. And those should stay reasonably consistent. We're still in the process as Craig said with the change in the internal quota share. We're still in the process of thinking of PML management, risk management, capital management. And we haven't yet decided on everything we have some ideas. So that may result in the tail we do additional sessions but across the whole portfolio, that won't be that larger percentage. So I think the net to gross ratios that exist today are probably pretty good.
John Doucette: And the second part of that question Josh was the process and the process did the same for both reinsurance and insurance.
John Doucette: I want to add a little more color to that. I think going back to your first part of your question, I think there's also -- you got to look at it as modeled results and then psychology of the market and also when losses like this have happened. And I am not sure I completely agree that all the -- that it's certainly across the buyers and even some of the sellers that everybody thought these losses were expected. I would highlight California wildfires, largest fires of all time. Houston being impacted by Harvey are one in a thousand event. I am not sure if people think in terms of one in a thousand type event, the flooding that happened there. As you may recall, Irma for a while was heading to Florida, to Miami as a Cat five and looked like it was going to be a direct hit and the market was talking about $150 billion, $200 billion of insured losses. And Maria heading Puerto Rico that was the first major hurricane to hit Puerto Rico since 1928. And all of that I think impacts what -- while it could be in a model, I am not sure about the wildfires and flooding is always a challenge, but the model. But there's certainly a lot about just the buyers and sellers and the market dynamics and what managements think and boards think of the buyers and things like that. I think there's some people maybe were surprised with the outcomes of some of these -- and some of the losses that happened, and the accumulation and aggregation of them. So I think there's a lot of moving parts beyond what did a model say.
