Dom Addesso: Thank you, Joe. Good morning. As Joe indicated, we’ve had an excellent quarter overall. The year so far is playing out generally as expected with the attritional combined ratio improving by one point compared to the first six months of 2011. Rate increases and improving terms are beginning to work through the reinsurance property results. Total CAT premium year-over-year has increased $200 million with approximately half of that in rate increase. These results are also benefiting from the shift of pro rata to excess. Well this has a dampening effect on premium, the positive impact on margin is flowing through the loss and expense ratios. The combined ratio on our reinsurance property portfolios which has not yet been fully reflected through earnings has improved by 11 points. On the treaty casualty side we are beginning to see modest rate increase work through the results. It has not yet reached a level where we feel the need to aggressively expand, but the future opportunities may be more appealing over time. In that regard we are beginning to enhance our teams and structure to maximize our resources around the globe. Overall reinsurance premiums for the quarter were down, but this was due to foreign currency, reinstatement premiums, and the one-time effect of a cancelled [close share] contract. After eliminating the effect of these items, premiums were up 17% for the quarter. This was a result of the previously mentioned rate increases in many of our businesses.  The Florida market at June 1 saw CAT rates move up on average by 5%. Canada property rate movements were similar. The Asian markets had the largest moves, where rates in loss-affected regions were up 20% plus. In Japan, we saw terms improve on proportional treaties although we did move some capacity to excess structures. July renewals in Australia and New Zealand also had an upward movement in rates due to losses in those markets. Increases here were in excess of 10% to 20%. In all other international regions, property rates changes were relatively flat. As I mentioned, approximately half of the CAT-exposed premium increase was rate, but the balance reflects new business opportunities for us in non-peak zones. Our total CAT-exposed premium through six months is $740 million. By year end this is expected to be approximately $1 billion with no material increase in peak PML zones. This expansion reflects our appetite to expand as markets improve and most importantly our ability to execute due to the capability of our staff and the desire of the market for our well-rated capacity. Improving markets and portfolio changes in both property and casualty has resulted in excess of $100 million in underwriting profit for the quarter and $218 million year-to-date for our reinsurance operations. Excluding tax and reinstatement premiums, the reinsurance segment’s combined ratio for the year has trended down to 83.7%. This should continue to improve with the shift to excess. On the insurance side results for the quarter and year-to-date are unfolding as expected. Our growing primary A&H business plus double digit rate increases continuing in both worker’s comp and our general casualty lines are all contributing to a solid 96.5% combined ratio for the quarter. Our professional liability portfolio is also performing well and the runoff of terminated programs is nearing its end. Currently, the only headwind in the insurance book is the crop business. We have only 24% of the crop portfolio in the most severely affected states, yet we have booked conservatively for the year-to-date a small underwriting profit. While it is still early to predict an outcome here it is less likely to have material impact on the annual results since the total MPCI writings for the year will approximate $135 million and we do purchase stop loss coverage on this book. Overall the insurance book continues to move in the right direction with an underwriting profit for the quarter and year-to-date. As we move through Q3 the indications for all segments are still positive. We are moving into the US hurricane season and that still has to play itself out, but July property renewals in the US and Australia were strong. The casualty market continues to move in the right direction. For worker’s comp we are into our third year of rate increases. Our property portfolio has been expanding into non-peak zones and rates are at sustainable levels. We have made some organizational changes and additions in key management positions in both the US and internationally which will allow us to move forward in expanding our footprint in new and different ways. Given our size, credit quality and market positioning we are a market that brokers and clients are interested in doing business with. With these changes I’m confident that we can effectively execute on the right transactions and in the right way. I will now ask Craig to take us through further details on the financials.
Dom Addesso: Give me a second here, Amit. The information I have in front of me will not let me give you a precise answer, Amit, so I’m going to have to follow up on that question. 
Dom Addesso: It attaches at a 110%. I think it’s 95% and we have a 5% participation. It’s 30 points of limit. [95 of 30%], excess of 110%.
Dom Addesso: That’s not changed significantly, Amit. As we’ve mentioned there’s been no major shift in our peak zones and we’ve pushed out some additional aggregate into non-peak zones but that’s not changing materially our annual expected outlook.
Dom Addesso: Greg, it’s Dom. It’s still very early to be predicting what the outcome is, but also recognizing that it’s a limited amount of premium that was earned in Q2 from crop. So that fact that we built a very small underwriting gain, which I think is consistent with what many of the other markets have done; and it’s not inconceivable given that, as I mentioned in my script, we could eke out a small profit because at this point only 24% of the states are severely affected.  Now, that could change in the months ahead in either direction and we have ranges around where the result could end up, which include both a strong profit and a modest loss. So it was really much too early to predict how to book this and frankly, given the level of earned premium that we had in the quarter it wasn’t that material at least as in the impact for this quarter. And ultimately as I said, even as the year plays out on the insurance side our annualized premium for crop is $150 million, and of that $135 million is MPCI-related; the remainder is crop [hail].
Dom Addesso: In fact, margins really should be going up as again, I indicated moving more of our CAT PML from proportional to excess, we’re benefitting not only on the attritional loss ratio but also on the commission ratio.
Dom Addesso: Greg, what’s in that is you think about the rate increases we’ve had, not only in Florida but around the globe, and a lot of that rate increase is offsetting to a very large degree this one particular transaction.
Dom Addesso: Let me also give you a statistic that might help keep this in perspective relative to the pro rata versus excess. And it’s not as if, as Joe indicated, that we stopped writing pro rata. It’s just reducing the proportion. So in terms of the proportion of pro rata to excess business, in 2010 – and I’m going back to 2010 because that’s a reflection of how it earns through the portfolio – pro rata was 68%, XOL obviously 32%. In 2011 61%/39%, and in 2012 for June it’s 57%/43%. So I mean that just gives you the trend line of the pro rata. The pro rata is also benefitting, by the way, from underlying increases in primary rates but it’s not as if pro rata is falling off a cliff here.Cliff Gallant – Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Dom Addesso: Our portfolio hasn’t changed much in that regard, frankly, and it’s pretty well ventilated. We support regionals, locals and national clients. It’s a wide array of client list.
Dom Addesso: Well slightly that’s true, but there are CAT covers that do attach low. And then of course you can deploy more limit up high and it has a similar PML.
Dom Addesso: We also have demand too, Ian, coming out of model drift as well as companies seeking to buy more protection. So those are some offsetting factors to what you’ve described.
Dom Addesso: What I was referring to is the stop loss program and Craig referenced it as well in his opening comments. That’s private reinsurance. That’s not the sessions to the federal government, no.
Dom Addesso: The stop loss ratio works off of the entire combined excluding our internal expenses which are small. And the loss ratio is 75% so it’s [25%] (inaudible).
Joe Taranto: I’ll start with the latter part of that question with regard to what happened and then I’ll turn it over to Craig to take you through some of the numbers. Basically we would have supported the deal that was in place with us last year but a competitor offered terms that we could not support. We in fact had a contractual right on the deal that was put forth to do more than 50% but we chose not to do anything, and instead we redeployed our capital into Florida XOL deals which we think offer better returns. So that’s the long and short of it in terms of that specific deal, but Craig will give you the particulars numbers-wise.
Joe Taranto: The (inaudible) points of inflation on the expense, that’s on a worldwide basis. So there is a blip in the quarter that drove up the expense ratio that should go away.
Joe Taranto: Our appetite remains strong. We think it’s one of the best ways to use the profits, the earnings that we’re making. Now we are moving into hurricane season and do we’ll be a bit more cautious in this quarter than perhaps otherwise, but we intend to continue to buy nonetheless. 
Joe Taranto: [We have] but again, we’ve bought less than we have in other quarters. But you know, at this point we have a lot of excess capital, profits are good. We like the portfolio and the only hesitation is the fact that it’s hurricane season. But we like the price and it’s really one of the ways of continuing to move the football down the field. We like buying our stock at these levels.
Joe Taranto: Yeah, to follow up on that, that really means that this is 3% of our worldwide premium and it’s got a stop loss on it; and as Dom noted only 25% of the business now is in the states that are performing quite poorly. Having said that, as Dom noted it remains to play out. It certainly could get worse and we could lose money on this – we’ll see. But really in the grand scheme of things it is not a real big deal for us.
Joe Taranto: I don’t think there are any adverse issues in terms of margins or profits or [attritionals] going forward. Premiums may be down a bit; they were down this quarter, and we won’t have that treaty on an ongoing basis. But really our focus is on margin and profits and attritional. We don’t see any issues on that front.
Joe Taranto: Yeah, and you don’t have one quarter in this quarter. You have the whole unearned premium reserve portfolio’d out, so everything that was on the books has been written but hasn’t earned at this point has been reversed. So this is a very unusual quarter in that regard.
Joe Taranto: Well, let me start on the first part. What we have found I think looking around the world in the last year or so is XOL rates have been going out where in many cases pro rata rates have not. So more and more that’s pushing us into the XOL camp. Having said that we still see pro rata deals that we like doing, and we put those through our models and see how those returns compare to other potential deals. We’re talking about CAT deals now and so again, it’s a portfolio optimization model that we’re using. We want to do the best deals. We have a certain aggregate that we’re willing to apply and we want only the best deals to go into that aggregate. And what shakes out of that shakes out of that. Now, as it turns out, given the trends that’s more and more XOL as opposed to pro rata.
Joe Taranto: It would have been one year and you’re correct – the number was $194 million that was portfolio’d out of unearned.
Joe Taranto: You know there’s always competition in our business, there always will be; and it comes in from the normal competitors and yes, you do see it come in in unconventional ways here and there, be it sidecars or other things. So yes, there was a little bit more than that recently. Having said that, as Dom noted in Florida as an example rates still went up, so I’m sure it had a dampening effect but rates still went up. And I’ve found it overall this June and July to be a very sensible market where we were still able to achieve what we were looking to achieve. To a certain degree, more competition coming in that still keeps it a sensible market is not a bad thing. We don’t want so much coming in that it makes it a market that doesn’t rate very well, but a lot of the competition that is coming in in an unconventional way only wants to come in if it’s a reasonable market and frankly will go away I think if it is not. So put it all together, I don’t think it changed the world all that much and we were happy with what we achieved.
Joe Taranto: We’re open. We talk to some of these potential new ventures. If it makes sense for us we could engage. We’re open-minded about it.
Joe Taranto: Well you know I think we will be buying back. In terms of going even more aggressively, let’s put everything in perspective. Craig noted we bought back 23% of the stock in recent years and frankly, we’ve added to that that we plan on continuing to buy in a meaningful way. Beyond that we like having excess capital. We like having capital for business opportunities. It didn’t hurt having capital last year when there was a ton of losses out there and some others that downgraded because they didn’t have enough capital. So we want to balance everything. We want to keep having high-quality earnings that we can buy back more, and we will just continue to buy back. I think we pitched it at a very reasonable level all things considered. I think you said something upfront about something that suggested our exposure was down. I think we’ve said we’ve kept the PMLs the same but we didn’t really say that we’ve taken them down. So our exposure if you will just looking from a PML point of view to hurricane is still approximately the same in peak zones.
Joe Taranto: On the international side some of what you’re seeing is a rate increase coming out of Australia, coming out of Japan, a little bit continuing in Latin America. But we’ve been very strong on the international front for years but again, I think much of what you’re seeing there most recently is rate increase on the XOL side.
Joe Taranto: Well, I think they’re going to level off if you have little to no CATs. If they stay where they’re at I think they’d be leveling off at a very reasonable place where there’d still be some very good opportunities. But I would not expect them to continue up way beyond what they’ve done in the last couple of years if there was little in the way of catastrophes.
Joe Taranto: Well, I will make one comment. We didn’t talk much about the casualty market and Dom certainly noted that whereas we’re seeing rate increases there and it’s getting more promising it’s still not exciting enough for us to really make some bigger bets there. But I would remind everyone that we certainly have the firepower, distribution and people to do so should that end of the market begin to get more interesting.  We have the firepower both on the insurance side and the reinsurance side, so we are hoping that many who are predicting that that end of the world will continue upward and will continue to improve, we certainly hope that that is the case; and if that is the case we’ll be able to do more there. I thought I’d comment on that since we really hadn’t addressed it whatsoever. But other than that, thank you for joining us today.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Yeah hi, good morning and again, congrats on the quarter. I just wanted to get your appetite for buybacks at today’s levels given that the valuation really hasn’t moved much year to date because you’ve had so much book value growth.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Excellent, very thorough. And then last is on the top line decline, the loss of the contract which you called out in the quarter, are there any lingering impacts to that as we think about premiums and our models going forward on the top line and the bottom line? Just how we should handle that.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and again, the profitability is strong. But I guess what you’re saying though is there will be top line pressure that plays through for at least the next three quarters. We’ve taken one quarter of the decline and it should continue but profits are up because of all the reasons you’ve stated. 
[Michael Yancey] – Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. So one question I had, you mentioned capital deployment before and you mentioned the nonrenewal of this Florida contract. Just thinking about capital deployment through wind season, I mean does the fact that you have less exposure now it would appear to wind season allow you to get more comfortable with deployment through wind season?  And I guess the second question I think, Joe, you mentioned upfront you’re deploying capital relative to the capital you’re generating. I guess my question would be why stop there? Why not deploy more if you have enough capital and you feel comfortable that there’s enough there to continue? And then I just have one follow-up, thanks.
[Michael Yancey] – Goldman Sachs: Gotcha, okay. And then one follow-up on the crop stuff: I assume that the reason your losses even in a worst case scenario are limited or relatively bracket-able is because of the reinsurance program that you have. And I guess my question is is that all private market reinsurance? Is some of that back to the government? That’s my first question.
[Michael Yancey] – Goldman Sachs: Understood, okay. And then just the last one: the growth, and it looks like a lot of the premium growth came out of international reinsurance, and I just wanted to understand where are you focusing your attention and do you expect that that will continue to be the engine for premium growth for the remainder of the year? Thanks.
