Juan Andrade: Thanks, Elyse, and this is Juan Andrade. Yeah and as you note, we saw good margin improvement in the quarter. And just to add a little bit of context for that, we are seeing that rate is outpacing our loss trend in most classes of business, particularly in the insurance sector, also in reinsurance. But we are not changing our accident year loss picks at this point in time. We believe, again, based on our prudent reserving philosophy that we need to let some of the season over time before we actually start taking it to the bottom line. However though, keep in mind that we also have other levers that we can pull in order to improve margin and improve profitability in our book of business. And it's things like portfolio management, always looking at your portfolio in detail, being able to tweak that. We could look at deal structures. We could look at limit deployment. We could look at industry class selection, terms and conditions, et cetera. So from that perspective, we're doing all of that in our goal to continue to improve underwriting profitability for both the Insurance and the Reinsurance segments.
Juan Andrade: No, we did not take any frequency benefit into account in our results. We are seeing frequency benefits in certain lines of business, commercial auto, general liability, workers' compensation, et cetera. But keep in mind, there's also exposure reductions that are taking place at the same time, because of economic situation. And so, similar to my reply to the earlier question, we're looking at this and we're taking a wait-and-see approach before we change any of our loss picks or bake in any frequency benefits at this point in time.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, sure thing, Yaron. The lines of business were contingency, business interruption and a little bit of workers' compensation as well. And I would point, again, back to my remarks and remind you that, again, the vast majority of that provision was really in Reinsurance, which is about $110 million of the $125 million. And overall, 85% of our provision at this point year-to-date is on an IBNR basis. So I think that gives you a sense for, again, the prudent approach that we're taking on this.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. The way I think about it, and I'd point you back to my remarks, Yaron, we have a pretty detailed and rigorous process by which we're estimating our reserves that is based on credible and fact-based information. So given that, what we're doing is essentially looking at the fact that this is an ongoing event. It's continuing. I mean you're certainly seeing the situation in Europe these days with some of the additional lockdowns and the spikes, et cetera. So from that perspective, it's an ongoing event. And so, what we do is we do a bottom-up, treaty by treaty, account by account, profit-center by profit-center type review and we true it up with the latest information that we have available at the time.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, sure thing. So, Yaron, what I would say is, we have an ongoing and dynamic process to review our reserves. And our philosophy hasn't changed. It's really what we have talked about in the past in the sense that we recognize bad news quickly. And we require good news to be proven over a longer period of time. And hence, that was a little bit also of my answer to Elyse earlier about accident year loss picks. We need to see some of that season over time. But we're always continuing to review and analyze the portfolio. We have completed some reserve studies in smaller segments earlier in the year, and there was no material change in either direction. We will be completing longer-tail segments in the fourth quarter. And if we see any need to take action, we will take action at that point in time. But again, that's basically the reserving stance in our philosophy.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. And what I would add to that, Brian, as well, is that we're executing pretty well and we have the platform, both on the E&S side and the retail side. You saw the plus 19% rate that we had in the quarter, which is continuing to build over prior quarters. And when you take away some of the drag from the exposure reductions that you're seeing in the economy, this business will grow double digits. And that's just a matter of the economic recovery playing itself through.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, thanks, Mike. So first of all, nothing has changed. We have been in an excess capital position as a company, as we've talked about in the past. And for us, it was exactly what I said, it was really opportunistic timing, given where credit markets were. I mean, look, the fact that we printed a 3.5% coupon on 30-year debt is pretty good. I think it's probably one of the lowest, if not some - the lowest P&C long-term debt coupon that's been printed out there. So the timing, it was really the key for the markets where yields were at the time. That was really the key that drove all of this. Now as far as what we'll do with that capital, again, we were starting in an excess capital position, we're now in an even stronger capital position, we have flexibility. As I indicated in my remarks, we see some very, very good opportunities right now organically in both the Insurance and Reinsurance space, given the market conditions. So that's part of it. But we're also thinking, as I said in my remarks, about playing this in support of our overall strategy to grow book value, right. So there's different things that we can do over time with this capital.
Juan Andrade: It could in the future, right. I mean if you look at our capital management philosophy, our first priority has always been to deploy capital for organic business growth in the market. We see attractive opportunities there. Beyond that excess capital can also be used for other things, share repurchases, pay dividends, et cetera, et cetera. So there's multiple things that we can do there. And that's really my comment about supporting growth in book value over time.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Thanks Mike. Look, keep in mind, I think, as Yaron said, I've been the CEO for less than a year at this point in time, right, it's been about 10 months. Mark Kociancic is now joining us. But as I stated earlier, in the response to his question, the fundamental philosophy of recognizing bad news quickly and requiring good news to be proven over a longer period of time really has not changed from that perspective. So I go back to the fact that I'm a fact-based guy. We will look at the information that comes out of our reserve studies and then we will act accordingly.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, so it's not so much a change in the percentage for the actual ceding commission, but rather the business mix that's flowing through.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, thanks, Meyer. This is Juan. Look, I think climate change is a real thing, right. It would be crazy to deny that climate change exists. You know I'm also acutely aware that our industry plays a critical role, frankly, in the economic and social recovery after extreme weather events. And you look at what's been happening, particularly in the Gulf Coast. And frankly, my heart goes out to these people having spent a lot of time in my career working and living down there. The frequency of activity that's hit them in the past quarter is just not good. From the perspective of how we think about it, I think modeling is a big part of it and we certainly have a really world-class modeling capability that looks at everything from sea temperatures to atmospheric saturation to changes in economic valuations, and we look at all of that. However, what I would say is, though, no single computer model is going to be able to predict consistently the long-term impact of climate change. So this is when you have to really come back to the skill set that your underwriters bring and the underwriting judgment that we have. And so from our perspective, that's part of how you have seen some of our PMLs reduce over time, right, the fact that we're looking to grow a diversified book of business to be able to manage that type of volatility even better. And the other thing that I would say is you look at our hedging, right. The fact that we do pretty significant risk transfer to our third-party capital tools like Kilimanjaro, Mt. Logan, et cetera, and that's part of the suite of how we think about all of this. So hopefully, that provides a little bit of context on how we think about it, Meyer.
Juan Andrade: Yeah, it's a good question. Look, I start with the fact that I think we have a great company and a great culture. And frankly, based on the numbers that you see us continue to report, we're attacking this environment, right. The pricing is there, the execution is there. So I feel pretty good about all of that. We certainly have strengthened the management team with two executives who have global capabilities, who have a lot of strategic strength, and I feel very, very good about that. Look, I think for us, the opportunity is how do you continue to execute in the middle of all of this, right. The context of a pandemic, the context of an economic recession, and the context of a very strong underwriting market. So for me, those are good problems to have, which is how do you continue to take a great franchise and move it forward in that environment and do it successfully.
Juan Andrade: Thank you. And thank you for your time today. I think as you've heard from us, Everest is well positioned for this market. We have the financial strength. We have a preferred market presence. We have a diversified global platform. We're very nimble. So we can go either way and take advantage of the opportunities. We have a deep distribution set of relationships. We have great people. And we have a great culture. So we do feel pretty good about the market environment and the situation that Everest is positioned on to capture. Thank you for your time today and we look forward to updating you at the next quarter.
John Doucette: Yeah, good morning, Brian. Look, part of that is just timing of accounts and a couple of one-off accounts. But we agree that it's a good market, and we're seeing both on the treaty and the facultative side proportional casualty and excess of loss casualty opportunities both in the U.S. and international. And we had a very good July 1, and continue to see that. And frankly, expect that to be an area of growth for us in 2021.
John Doucette: Yeah, thanks, Ryan. Good morning. And - so a couple of things. So as we've talked about on prior earnings calls, you break it into a couple of parts, you break it into wildfire. So we had talked about how we didn't think the industry was charging enough what we thought was required for the elevated risk for the wildfires. And so we pushed rates, terms, conditions and irrespective of getting a lot of improvements. We also decided, made a conscious decision to cut our wild - our gross wildfire exposure. And then on the - on some of the property and the wind-exposed areas, yes, we've been seeing a lot of rate, but we also talked about a view of an elevated risk, a combination of the climate change that Juan talked about before, but also seeing social inflation, things like Assignment of Benefits, and how that impacts things. And so, that along with exposure growth, and just frankly, our increased cost of capital, because our ability to deploy capital profitably into many other lines of business, and we expect to be doing that going into 1-1. As we see improving rates terms and conditions, our cost to deploy property ag has continued to go up, cat capacity. So that certainly was helpful in terms of our market share and absolute dollars of loss. But, frankly, that wasn't an accident, this was all intentional.
John Doucette: Yeah. Thank you. Good question. So I mean part of it is mix of business, but part of it also, I think, there was also a commutation we had mentioned a couple of quarters ago that had to do with prior year that kind of had an offset between what was on the commission side and the loss reserve. So it was kind of a push financially, but it did move some of the numbers around. And I think that's part of what you're seeing. So - and then in terms of what we would expect going forward? We would encourage you to look at the year-to-date numbers for what the commission ratio as a better indicator than any one quarter.
John Doucette: Yeah, it's a great question. We spend a lot of time thinking about that, strategizing about it with our underwriters all over the world. So look, I mean the bottom line is we're pretty bullish on many opportunities across many lines of business going into 1-1. And there's a variety of reasons for that. We're seeing the flight to quality and a flight back to the traditional model, which we think will greatly benefit us across many lines. Our global clients are continuing to want to buy more and buy more from people like Everest. So that's a significant opportunity. And then, whether it's property or casualty or specialty, marine and aviation, political risk, trade, credit or surety, I mean we have underwriting expertise in all of these lines of business all over the world. And so, we are ready, we get the team. We have the capital as one. And Mark talked about. We have the franchise, the distribution. And we're really leaning forward. And then, in terms of where it will be, we see opportunities in all of those. We expect the casualty market, partially because the reinsurance panels, the security requirements on reinsurance panels for our long-tail business, casualty professional, that's hard for a lot of people to get access to that business. So we have the distribution and the relationships and, again, the underwriting expertise. So we expect to see a strong 2021 when it comes to the long-tail. But, of course, we're looking at the most dislocated property retro market we've seen in 15, 20 years. And so, again, we'll look to deploy capacity and capital. And then, we spend a lot of time, and we've talked about this before, kind of dynamic capital allocation, not just between short-tail, long-tail, but then within each of the respective areas; what's the best territory, what's the best product, structure that we want to deploy. And so, it's hard to know how that will all settle out. But rest assured, we are bullish about the opportunity presented to us and our ability to execute it going into 1-1.
