Juan Andrade: Yes. thank you, Elyse. We go through a pretty detailed review of each of our segments. And frankly, one of the things that this new management team has done really in the past year is really, look at our carried reserves at a level of granularity that is pretty detailed. So, we basically look at the accident years, underwriting years, we’re using the latest information to better understand trends, predict ultimate loss ratios. And frankly, try to figure out in a much detailed way, the direction of travel for the underwriting portfolios. So, I start there by giving you a sense of the detail of granularity that we go through and basically coming up with a strengthening that we did in the quarter. Now, that being said, as we set the accident years, really beginning at the end of 2019, and as we’ve set the 2020 accident year, as we’ve set the 2021 accident year, we were already looking at some of the loss trends that are impacting the industry. And so we bake those in when we made those loss picks, that’s also one of the reasons why you don’t see us taking up current accident year loss picks as a result of the reserve charge.
Juan Andrade: I don’t know if we specifically disclosed the loss trends that that we booked too. But what I can tell you though is that we are booking – our current accident year loss ratio is very prudently and we have been again, starting at the end of 2020 and going into 2021. We have not seen a significant impact on severity in the most recent accident years. And we’re very confident in, where we are at this point in time, both with the prior reserve actions that we took as well as the current year reserve loss picks that we have in place.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Sure. thanks. Mike, this is Juan Andrade. look, I think we are building meaningful margin momentum, and you can see that by our numbers for the fourth quarter and full year underwriting results, that improvement both in insurance and reinsurance is really driven by portfolio management, decisive underwriting actions, and intentional shifts in our portfolio mix. If we exclude workers’ compensation, we’re also seeing the rates are outpacing our expected loss costs, and as that rate has been earned on a growing premium base, that’s also going to have a positive impact on expected margin going forward. but also in – and I would point this out, because this a very important point in addition to rate, we’re also taking a broad array of underwriting actions, including more granular segmentation in the enforced book, management of attachment point, limits, terms and conditions, we’re doing targeted non-renewals and many other actions. So, we’re doing a number of things that you’re starting to see show up in the underlying profitability of both insurance and reinsurance that are by design, and that are very proactive. It’s not just all about rate, but it’s also about all the other tools that we have in our kit about improving underlying margins. But all of that being said and I think this goes to your question, Mike, it’s important to keep in mind that some lines do require more rate than others. It also depends on the starting point that depends on the loss cost trends, and we also have to recognize that we’re in an environment, where the impact of COVID and the time that it will take for some of these claims to emerge. There’s some uncertainty, right. We also have to think about the underlying social inflation cost. So overall, I feel very good about the margin momentum that we’re creating in this business. It’s not just about rate, but it’s also about all the underlying levers that we’re pulling forth. And I feel very good and very comfortable with both books of business going into 2021.
Juan Andrade: Sure, Mike. let me start, and then I’ll ask Mike Karmilowicz to jump in as well. I would say overall on the comp book, a couple of key things to keep in mind is, we have reduced the percentage of comp in our book of business over the last year, 18 months. It’s now roughly down to about 16% of our mix, down from about 24%. And again, this has been done in a purposeful way, right. As you have seen less attractive pricing in the comp book, we have diversified into a business. And so you see our growth in lines like casualty, property, D&O, et cetera. The other thing that we have done in our comp book is we have also moved more towards loss, sensitive business, loss rated business on the comp side, and we’ve done less basically guaranteed comp business at that point in time. So, we’re actively managing the trend, we’re actively managing what we’re seeing in the environment, and obviously, trying to continue to drive a lot of profit in that comp book. But let me ask Mike Karm to jump in specifically on your question about California.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Thanks, Yaron. I’ll start with that. And then I’ll ask Jim Williamson, who’s our new Chief Operating Officer to add some color on this as well. So, I mentioned before to Elyse’s question, particularly when we set the accident year loss picks for 2020 and 2021, we were more conservative than the picks that had been in place for the 2015 through 2019 accident years. And that was really a reflection of what we saw in the environment, some of the industry trends that we were seeing, et cetera. So, we took a more prudent approach in being able to set those. So, I would tell you that as I sit here today, looking at 2020, 2021, they’re stronger than the picks that we had in place for 2015 to 2018, but I would ask Jim Williamson to add some color on that as well.
Juan Andrade: No, no. not at all, Yaron. what I was saying in my opening remarks is that we have a very good market right now in both insurance and reinsurance, and our intent is very much to continue growing as long as the opportunities are there for us to be able to do this profitably. We have a leading franchise in P&C, reinsurance. we’re the seventh largest in the world. We are aiming to continue to grow that presence, continue to take advantage of those opportunities. So absolutely not. As a matter of fact, I would also point you to my comments around our January 1 renewals and the fact that we had one of the strongest renewals we have seen in a number of years. And so look, as long as the market opportunity is there, as long as we can underwrite profitably, we’re taking advantage of that. We are very well positioned, whether it’s from a capital standpoint, a distribution standpoint, a talent standpoint, to be able to continue moving forward in this market with a lot of momentum.
Juan Andrade: Yes. sure. Thanks, Josh. So, I would say a couple of things. We certainly have seen an improvement in the expense ratio and that’s really coming from two areas. One is on the commission side. And I think there’s different factors there. I think if you look at insurance first, a part of that is that we’re writing more direct business through our brokers and less DUA business overall. And so I think that’s part of what you’re seeing there. We also; in our insurance business, because of mix; get the benefit of improved cede commissions. I think our team has done a very good job in setting up their external reinsurance program. So, you see some of that coming through on the commissions. On the reinsurance side, I think it’s also pointed to mix; at the same time, on the commission line. but more importantly, to me, it’s really the operating expense ratio. One of the hallmarks of our company has been that we are lean. We’re disciplined on how we manage expenses. We invest where we need to invest in technology and people, and infrastructure, but we’re also very disciplined about how we do that. And that’s something that you saw us continue to accomplish in 2020 and up to 2021. That actually drives that expense ratio to where you see it today. We also experienced loss ratio improvement and you see that particularly, in the insurance business for 2020. And that is really related to all of those actions that I mentioned in my opening remarks, what I term is really the hard work of running a profitable book of business, right. This is managing attachment points and limits, and running off programs and books of business that you’re not comfortable with and always seeking out the best economic opportunities to continue to improve the profitability of that business. So, to me, those were all the actions that one has to take to continue to improve underwriting profitability and sustain a profitable book going forward.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So, let me start with that. And then I’ll ask John Doucette to jump in and add additional color to all of this. Josh, as you heard in my opening remarks, particularly at January 1st, we did increase the amount of limit that we deployed on the cat side. And we did that and feel very comfortable with it, because of the pricing, the terms and conditions that we’re getting. look, at the end of the day, volatility in of itself, is not a bad thing, as long as you’re getting paid for it. And from our perspective, we were getting paid for it in January 1; we were getting paid for it throughout 2020. Now that being said, our goal is to build a diversified book of business is not just to ride one pony if you will. And so if the opportunities are there on cat to be able to do it profitably, to get a good risk adjusted return, improve our ROEs, et cetera, we’re going to do it. And you saw us do that in the renewal seasons of last year and really going into January 1st. So, the appetite is there, but it’s there at a price, and it’s there at a point that makes sense to us economically. So with that, let me turn it over to John Doucette and have him add some color as well.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Thanks, Mike. This is Juan and again, let me start, and then I’ll ask John Doucette to jump in as well. What I would say that on that 6% cat load that Mark was referring to, it’s really a question of how we manage our exposure into reinsurance book and really, what we have been doing, frankly, over the last 18 months or so, to make sure that we’re in a better place, more profitable place, more sustainable place from a catastrophe standpoint. Again, I go back to what I said earlier. We like cat, but it has to be priced right, has to be managed correctly. You’ve seen a lot of things that we have done that have been frankly reflected in some of the catastrophe loss numbers that we’ve put out in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. we have moved up to higher attachment points. We’re writing less aggravated programs. we’re frankly writing a more profitable book and more sustainable book. And so that’s part of what you see there. The other part of that is our capital shield, our hedging strategy for the company. Logan certainly plays a role there. Our Kilimanjaro bonds certainly play a role there, and there’s other things that we’re doing at the same time. You will see that we grew AUM in our Logan book and our Logan vehicle to the beginning of this year. And that certainly, helps us well in essentially protecting our net position within the company. But let me ask John Doucette to jump in and add some additional color.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So Ryan, this is Juan Andrade. Let me start, and then I’ll ask both Mark Kociancic and Jim Williamson to add a little bit of color on this one. On the reinsurance strengthening that we took, it was really a factor of a few things. Number one, we had a few seasons with a poor experience in those accident years, and on those seasons, we have subsequently reduced our lines or essentially completely non-renewed the effected accounts. So that’s part of that. There’s also the fact that we had some pretty large losses coming through and some of those years, whether it was wildfires, MGM, et cetera. And that’s part of that. And then the other part of that is really just general social inflation or the trend that we saw out in the marker that was generating some higher severity losses than what we anticipated too. So that’s basically what we saw in our reserving studies, that essentially led to us taking the strengthening actions that we did. But let me now turn it over to Mark and then Jim, for a little bit of additional color on your question.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Ryan, this is Juan. Thank you. Look, I go back to some of my earlier comments, where for us, it’s not just simply about rate, but it’s also about all the other levers that we have within the underwriting portfolio and within the underwriting toolkit that we’re executing upon, right. So, if you think about how John and his team are positioning the team from an attachment standpoint, from a structuring into treaties, how they’re playing on pro ratas to be able to take advantage of the improvement in primary rates, et cetera, et cetera, all of these are things that are going into the improvement of our underlying margin and frankly, why I said at the beginning of all of this that we are building meaningful margin momentum in our underlying book of business. And I feel pretty good about that. So, the reality is we’re working at this every day, whether it’s in reinsurance and insurance, with the goal of continuing to improve our margins, improve our profitability, improve our loss ratios, et cetera, et cetera. So, you’re going to continue seeing taking actions across the board, again, not just necessarily all rate related, but there’s a lot of things we can do in the portfolio that also influenced that and we’re doing them today.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So look, I think a couple of things, and then I’ll ask Mark Kociancic to jump in as well. From a capital management philosophy standpoint, our approach really hasn’t changed. Number one, we invest in our company and in the organic growth that we see there. We happened to be at a place in time, where we have terrific opportunities in the insurance side, under reinsurance side and you see from our numbers, we’re taking advantage of them. fact is we’re leaning forward. The fact that we grew 15% in a pandemic year with an economic recession, exposure reductions, I think is a very good outcome. And I think that gives you a sense of how we’re investing in our business to continue to grow and take advantage of those opportunities. At the same time, we also then look at other things that we can do to return capital to our shareholders. And I’ll let Mark talk a little bit about that.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Thank you for that. Look, I feel very good and very confident, where we are with our COVID numbers. We were very consistent in our reserving throughout 2020. Our processes were very good, very thorough. As Mark mentioned in his remarks, we’re at $511 million for the year of 2020, over 80% of that is IBNR. We look at the claims activity, that’s been coming in. We have not been surprised. Everything has been tracking along sort of what we expected. So, I feel very confident about where we are with those COVID numbers. Now, all of that being said, the pandemic is still ongoing, right. That that has not eased, it continues. And things that we look at are there going to be other legal, regulatory legislative type things that happen that we haven’t seen yet, right. So, those are the things that are still out there potentially. The other thing that’s out there is the fact that as a reinsurer, we do get late information from our seasons. but all of that being said, I feel very confident about where we are with that $511 million that we took in 2020.
Juan Andrade: Yes, that’s good. So, let me start with that. And then I’ll ask John Doucette to come back into it. Again, I think part of what you’re seeing in that 6% cat load that Mark alluded to, it’s essentially the end result of a lot of the management actions to proactive underwriting actions that the team has taken really over the last 12 months to 18 months to better improve and better manage the volatility of our portfolio. So, you’re definitely seeing that essentially come through at the same time. Now, regarding the point on climate change, we are very mindful of that, right. So, one of the things that our modeling does particularly under reinsurance division is really look at the impact of rising sea temperatures that you can clearly see from 1995 onto current. And based on that, we have adapted our modeling. We have updated our points of view on risk, on pricing to better be able to manage that. So, all of that is essentially baked into that, but let me turn it over to John Doucette and let him add a little bit of color on that as well.
Juan Andrade: Sure. So, John Doucette, why don’t you start with that? And then we’ll go to Mike Karm for the insurance piece of it.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Phil. I think that’s a great question. Look, the insurance division is now a $3.2 billion business, right. So that’s a good size insurance company. We are still making investments in technology and people, data, and analytics, product expansion, a number of things. And that’s not going to stop, right. Because we think we have a terrific opportunity in front of us, particularly in this market to continue to be able to grow that. Now, that being said, we also expect that we will continue to manage our expenses in a very disciplined way in the way we have been now. So, focusing on things like digital automation, those types of things to make us more productive, much more efficient, those are things that are very much top of mind, and they’re also being implemented as we go forward. So, there will be investment that will continue in business. We will be reaching economies of scale as you point out. I think we’re pretty close to that, and the focus is on how do we become more productive, more effective, more efficient as we grow that business.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you. So, I think as you can see from our results, we have strong growth. We have strong underlying improvement and we have great momentum going into 2021. The company is very well positioned for this market. We have the financial strength, a preferred market presence, a diversified global platform, we are nimble, we have a deep distribution relationship we have great people and we have a great culture. We’re very well positioned. So, thank you for your time with us this quarter and for your support of our company.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. the magnitude is relatively muted. You’re looking at overall $3.2 billion of net reserves in the insurance segment for the group. And so the types of adjustments we’re talking about are in the teens, it’s quite small and the offsets are coming from other lines. worker’s comp would be an example of one, but again, very modest movements relative to the overall reserve level of the segment.
Mark Kociancic: Just a bit more on that, Ryan. I think in addition to what Juan was saying, when we took a look at these individual lines in accident years, we were looking also at the magnitude of uncertainty. So in other words, where are we within the ranges? And I think the strengthening that we put up in these individual years in lines, we feel pretty good about. So, we feel like there’s a good level of prudence that’s been set up for these and it solves the problem for us.
Mark Kociancic: So Brian, I think both parts are on the table. Obviously, the emphasis on franchise expansion in a hard market is paramount, the sizing come along quite some time. On the capital management side, though your points are well taken and that’s clearly on our radar screen, I think share buybacks, the dividend policy, that’s still all in play and very much in our line of sight. But we do have, I think, a unique opportunity to capture a lot of benefits from this hard market.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. we have full capability on both sides. So, whether it’s attacking the market and taking advantage of opportunities and doing the capital management aspects that you’ve seen in the past.
Jim Williamson: Yes. Sure, Yaron. just in terms of a little bit more detail, I mean, I think one thing to keep in mind is, we’re performing this analysis at a very detailed and granular level. And so there’s a lot of moving parts in terms of picks that have come up over that period, where we’re now at a higher level, and then other areas, where we’ve taken so much rate, so many underwriting actions and the picks have come down. I think the key thing to keep in mind though, is that as Juan had indicated, we took a very conservative approach to the setting of the loss picks for the 2020 accident year, the 2021 accident year. And those picks are consistent with the level of ultimate loss ratio that’s coming out of the reserve studies. And that gives us confidence that our starting point is the right one. We’re taking rate in excess of our loss trend, right. So, those things give you a confidence that moving forward, we’re positioned in the right way in the portfolio.
Jim Williamson: Yes. And so that’s sort of close it out with just a little bit of color around the piece of your question that sort of looks to translate, seen underlying loss ratio to what we’re experiencing. I mean, look, the reserving process is based on our own loss activity. And I think there are clearly areas where you can draw a more direct connection if you’re talking about, for example, a quota share book. So, in the cases we’re participating in a proportional fashion with our seasons and they’re seeing social inflation, average claim sizes have increased on the casualty side or in the case of water damage claims that are elevating property losses that’s going to be a more direct translation, where I think that starts to break down those when you start talking about 3D structures that are not a direct quota share participation. you can’t always draw those direct lines. And so I’d be a little bit careful about that, but if you think about the things in the general trends that have affected primary insurers in the 2015 to 2018 on the casualty sort of 2016 and 2019 on property, it’s sort of the same drivers of loss that we are seeing in our book are the ones you’re hearing from other companies. So, I think it’s consistent in that fashion.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Brian. And I would jump in there as well. As I’ve mentioned in the third quarter earnings call, we have the capital flexibility to attack this market and we’re doing it. As I mentioned earlier, based on the growth rates that you’re seeing, we also did the $1 billion debt raise back in October of last year. And that has not been deployed for growth yet, that has been invested in our portfolio, but we have dry powder. So, we have the ability to continue to do what we need to do in this market and take advantage of the opportunities that we see in front of us.
Jim Williamson: Yes. Phil, to provide a little bit of color, I think it’s important to understand the process we go through to arrive at these estimates, it’s incredibly granular. So, we are basically reviewing each and every reinsurance contract we have in each of our markets around the world. We do that multiple times each quarter. And the goal of those underwriter estimates is to get a total view of estimated losses for those contracts. And so it’s not really isolated to any particular time period. It’s focused on the extent of the contract and what we think those losses are going to be. So, I mean I think that’s the core of the answer to the question. I think it’s important to note though, that obviously our understanding of what that total is going to be is informed by the duration of the pandemic, et cetera, as well as the reporting lag that Juan pointed out. But our goal is always to try to estimate the totality of loss.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan and good morning, Josh. Yes. look, we had a very good one-one with significant rate increase. we saw a double-digit growth across many, many lines of business. And in terms of property, we did see rate increases in the U.S. 5% to 10%, in retro 10% to 15%. And really, it was a question of how we allocated the book and where we decided to deploy the capacity. and so number one, where do we decide to deploy the capacity. We also saw very good opportunities in the primary property space. So, we deployed more capacity into both cat and to primary property quota share, which we liked the risk return on that opportunity. So, that’s number one. number two, as noted, we have increased the AUM and Logan, and continue to look for ways to increase that and look to have that continue to be a very strategic part of our volatility management, capital management, and that will help decrease the volatility that you’re seeing. And then number three, as Juan said, a lot of this is about diversification, diversification within the reinsurance, diversification by growing the insurance operation. So, it’s different lines, territories, products, and that will result in just a lower, dollars may be flat, but – or even up a little bit, but as a percentage of overall gross premium, the percentage of our cat load could be lower.
John Doucette: Yes. thanks, Juan. And so Mt. Logan, we’ve been – Mt. Logan’s been in effect since 2013. And it’s – it has grown and then came down a little bit in AUM and now has starting back up. So, I don’t think it’s a definitionally, it used to go to Everest and now, it goes to Logan. It’s part of a holistic suite of both what we’re doing on the growth side, capital management side and the hedging side. And it’s all – it’s part of that, but it’s clearly a core part of this, of how we’re thinking of capital management, volatility management going forward. But I mean, we also saw as Juan said earlier, while we did increase limits on the gross portfolio in our property book across property cat, retro and pro rata. we did increase that, because of the opportunity set, but we saw an increase in overall premium and a larger increase in expected dollar margin and percentage margin and an increase in the ROE. So, a part of it is how we’re thinking of what we want to keep on our balance sheet and other parts of the balance sheet. But I do think it’s more, I think then your – how you’re focusing on it. It’s more a function of the diversification. as a function of premium, it really has more to do with the diversification, the growth in the insurance operation as a percentage, the growth in reinsurance in different lines of business. We saw a lot of opportunities in casualty, continue to see opportunities in mortgage, professional liability, significant opportunities in fact, and all of that is on the – is growing the denominator of the 6% cat load that you’re talking about. And I think that is driving it more than specifically, in Logan or outside of Logan.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. And yes, just continue on. So, two things we spend a lot of time thinking about in terms of how we manage the risk in our property portfolio. It’s all the aspects of climate risk. We spent a lot of time looking at wildfire and frankly derisking the wildfire exposure in our portfolio, spent a lot of time looking at the warm sea surface temperature, looking at droughts and the propensity for drought. So, a lot of how we deploy capacity, what should the right attachments, products, terms, conditions, and frankly, rate be looking at that. So, number one is climate change. And number two is, we’ve also been looking a lot at the different social inflation and risks that we’ve seen in the books. Things like assignment of benefits to LAE, the increase in LAE that we’ve seen in different areas, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And so that’s all factored into how we think about building the best portfolio, learning from the lessons that the industry has seen and really positioning our book on a go-forward basis. And it also, it has some loss trends for the reasons I just mentioned climate and some of the social issues, but it also – we also were seeing the uplift that we’re getting from improved rates, terms, conditions, occurrence clauses, hours clauses, et cetera, et cetera. So, all of that is we have several countercurrent that result in the 6% you’re looking at here.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. So, it’ll vary by line by territory, et cetera, by loss experience of the clients. So, one of – there’s been significant underlying rate improvement, terms and condition improvement on casualty and professional liability. And so our view is that the casualty reinsurance market was rationale. for the most part, ceding commissions were about flat. But we did see an economic uplift at one just based on our exposure to the underlying terms and conditions. And then that would be very last dependent. If somebody had bad, poor loss experience, they could see a cut in the ceding commissions. And on property overall, we did see an improvement in the overall reinsurance terms and both in terms of like occurrence, limits as well as ceding commissions. And I think that really was just a function of the overall capacity dearth on a proportional reinsurance. So, we were able to deploy and wanted to deploy more into that space.
