Dom Addesso: The only thing that we tend to pay more attention to in the M&A space when presented with a variety of opportunities tends to be on the insurance side. But again as I've mentioned in my comments, our natural preference is to build our own organization, that matches our risk appetite, avoiding the cultural and any legacy issues that could from an acquisition. We don't ignore them. But frankly given some of the premiums that are involved in some of these transactions relative to building our own platform, we don't see the value in the acquisition at this point. Doesn't mean it won't exist in the future but currently that’s not our focus. And we can't rely on that strategy. We can't rely on an acquisition strategy to further our insurance objective, or strategic objective in that space I should say. 
Dom Addesso: Well, certainly there would be higher expense, but even in an acquisition with any amortizations of intangibles that you’d have to bare, we tend to feel that the expenses frankly would be more economical to build. And as we build and as we’ve been adding resources, we have been growing the top-line as well. So I don’t think you will see any meaningful degradation in our expense ratio. That’s really where we’re going.
Dom Addesso: Well, remember that it depends on scale, it depends on your expense ratio, and we've argued for a long, long time that we have a distinct advantage in the marketplace, given our not only our size and the signing that we can obtain, but also our expense ratio advantage, and our global diversified platform. So compared to many other market participants that don’t enjoy some of those advantages, you’ve seen already I believe and will probably continue to see some return drifting below as I mentioned again my comments below 9%. That doesn’t sound like a completely terribly robust market. And at the same time you see a few losses that come through hit the industry here in this quarter take a pretty good bite out of the apple. So it suggests that there isn’t much margin to handle the larger catastrophe. But notwithstanding all of that, we think we clearly have unique advantages which enable us to continue to expand our offerings. 
Dom Addesso: The growth though is still important in the sense of how we're utilizing the capital market opportunity. We have Tampa, Mount Logan, IOW. So again gross is you can't ignore it because that’s also indicating what our reach is into the marketplace. It just that this particular quarter given the adjustments made in some of those transactions that we talked about earlier, that distorted that historical relationship for just this quarter.
Dom Addesso: None of that actually. We’re -- we don't expect any major change to the PMLs. No question there will be some change, there is ups and downs depending on the territories that you write in. And I’ll ask John if he has any additional thoughts but remember that our view of -- the risk positions that we talk about is essentially our view of risk. It is looking at all the markets, whether it's ARR RMS and frankly our own internal model. So to the extent that ARR is changing some of their calculations, it will have some impact but we do not expect it to be a meaningful impact. John, if there’s anything to add to that. 
Dom Addesso: We have to pay attention to here is how we feel we can best an economically and also given our strategies are, how we can best out our insurance platform. It doesn't mean that we’re -- we turned a blind eye to any kind of a transaction that might be presented to us. It’s just to date, as we look at the alternatives, our alternative looks a little better. 
Dom Addesso: I would ask that everyone consider, as Craig emphasized it as part of $10 billion of reserves, and look at our track record of calendar year results or reserve development, it's quite strong. And again, as I said many times before, we have some 200 different reserve groups that we analyzed. This half we want subset of one of those and we’re going to get blips in any one of those different reserve groups from time-to-time. What’s most important is the integrity of the balance sheet, and I think we’ve demonstrated that our reserve position is quite strong. Our reserve triangles have been out. We’ve obviously released those over the couple of years. All the analysis on that indicates that it’s very positive and clearly our own internal metric suggests that as well. So I recognize that you certainly want to understand each segment of our business to properly project but I also ask that you consider the overall. 
Dom Addesso: It’s -- I’m going to take a guess at it more than anything at this point, because part of the answer to that question, if that were the case, the whole marketplace will be within the different dynamic. So a transaction that you might do with clients might be done on a different basis but I think the answer to that question would be somewhere in the low 90s kind of a guess. Obviously you’ve got casualty business, you’ve got all of our facultative writings. You’ve got property per risk, you’ve got professional launch treaties, it’s a multitude of things. But the whole mix of the business would change, but I think what you’re really asking is what’s the rest of the portfolio kind of running at.
Dom Addesso: I think we’re probably going go to go over a little bit because I think we do have time for at least for one more anyway.
Dom Addesso: I will close it out just to say thanks for your interest. We went a little over today, but my apologies for that and thank you for your interest. Clearly within the industry there is certainly lots of headwinds. We think Everest has demonstrated that we have the scale and the talent to manage through that as I mentioned before, a positive underwriting result, positive operating results for the first half of the year and it’s really – it’s a long term business and we think we have to look at it on a six-month basis. And we think we've performed very, very well with a 15% return on capital. So thank you for your interest and we look forward to talking with you in the weeks and months ahead. 
Craig Howie: Overall, Kai, this is Craig Howie. The overall losses are coming through our attritional loss pick and what we’ve had were losses that took place in April, May and June through Texas and the Mid-West. Also that’s coming through for the first half of the year are winter storms that took place in the North East. None of those storms rose to our $10 million Cat threshold but we have totaled those numbers to be almost $90 million to $100 million of losses.
Craig Howie: No, Kai as you know we don’t give guidance on our share repurchase program. I think what we tend to do is look this over the very long term, and we have returned a substantive amount of capital over the last 10 years to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We’d look at certainly the long-term objectives in terms of growth, and over the long-term we think clearly insurance and frankly for that matter reinsurance again over the very long term we feel that we can succeed in this space  So we have to balance that up against our objectives in terms of what we’d like to bring stock in at, and this is a long-term gain. So this past quarter based on what we saw as our future growth objectives balanced up against what the opportunities were to bring additional shares in, we opted to give $50 million this quarter and clearly over the long-term we remain committed to buying shares, consistent with whatever growth objectives that we might have.
Craig Howie: On an overall basis I would say on a net basis we think that it's improving and that is the reason if you back out those $90 million to $100 million of losses yes.
Craig Howie: In the international book, as we’ve mentioned a couple of times, what’s driving that this quarter Josh is one strategic deal that we have done that changed this quarter for the year and going forward. So while the margin is the same, the premium has been booked differently on a gross basis. So therefore it’s probably more appropriate to look at it on a net basis for this quarter anyway. That will give you a better indication of how that is driving the current result.
Craig Howie: I don’t think the expense ratio will be significantly higher for acquisition costs even on an international book.
Craig Howie: We have not discontinued the relationship. There have been some law changes in Latin America with respect to how to treat these transactions going forward. So over the next five years we would expect these transactions to decline going forward but that will be over a longer period of time, over five years. 
Craig Howie: I would love to say that we are – but our new money is just over 2%. We don’t see a bottoming out until probably mid-2016.
Craig Howie: First of all, I think some of those comments were related to some very, very specific classes. And that’s number one. Those are not classes that we necessarily have on our radar screen, at least not in the near term. So -- and frankly, just like in our reinsurance lines, if the market is not giving us return, it meets our pricing metrics, then we won't write the business. We don’t necessarily will have the choice is to when we start these projects literally months and at least a year in advance, you have to kind of start thinking about how to get these things running. So you don’t have a choice in terms of timing sometimes. But you do have a choice in terms of what kind of business you put on the books and we will continue to maintain our underwriting discipline and underwriting culture, which will dictate the kind of business we write. And frankly the business plan that we have put forth we believe can generate a very nice underwriting margin for us. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you. And then I guess first quarter I think we were sort of looking for a little bit more growth. Should we be thinking about this sort of as the level and just given the sort of challenges that you outlined in reinsurance, is there still an opportunity to grow your sort of piece of the pie here, or would you expect to continue to see areas where you will cut as a result of not meeting your profitability standards or the like. Just trying to get an idea of how we should be thinking about premium production on the reinsurance side here.
Michael Nannizzi: Craig, you mentioned about nine points of underlying losses. So if I take that into consideration, does that mean that the sort of true underline actually improved year-over-year? So profitability is improving in reinsurance? The 90 million of non-cat large losses.
Michael Nannizzi: I guess one question would be, the great results, is there a need then for the market to change it all? Because it seems like at these profitability levels, that I don’t know how the conversations happen between insurers and reinsurers but it seems like these levels of profitability are pretty attractive.
Michael Nannizzi: And then just one numbers question, the negative seeded premium in the international, I'm just trying to think about, should we be looking like the net written line as sort of a good base or starting point? Should we be looking at the gross written line and then assume like normal sessions occur from here. Just trying to sort of square that maybe if just there is some context in terms of what drove that negative number. And thank you all for all your answers.
John Doucette: Yes, to all of it. And it’s interesting, because some are looking for growth, others are not looking for growth. Some are critical of growth. Some are critical of lack of growth. So it’s an interesting dynamic. And as each of us kind of mentioned in our prepared comments, there’s a number of things going on. So you’ve got FX, you’ve got less proportional business that met our pricing guidelines, you’ve got us moving up an attachment point, which lowers rate online. You’ve got more retrocessional protection that we purchased, which is up significantly year-over-year, all of that kind of leading to a lower net written premium growth. Interestingly on XOL basis we actually did have some growth in our portfolio, gross exit well premium. But again that was offset by some of the retrocessional protections we broker, all with an eye towards improving our net returns on capital as compared with our gross returns on capital. So we believe that we continue to make headway in being a larger presence in the marketplace and winning and gaining share from other market participants. But that doesn’t mean that we're also not paying attention to things that don’t need our return over hurdles. And I think I mentioned in last quarter's call that there are some things in Florida that will be backed away from, some writings, where others have put down large lines. It doesn’t mean that they are right and they’re wrong and we’re right. It just means that they didn’t quite meet our pricing objectives. So again we still continue to make headway in terms of growing our book, our margin. Our net margin is up year-over-year. It doesn’t mean there aren’t some headwinds in the marketplace, but we think we're doing quite well and we will continue to manage that way going forward, and at some point we certainly believe that there will be a turn in this market and we'll be well positioned to even take greater revenge of that than we are right now. 
John Doucette: Essentially our operating income on a year to date basis year-over-year is up. Yes, this quarter we had a number of things happen, some of which frankly were losses that we weren’t aware of that were winter losses for example that came from the first quarter that got reported to us in the second quarter. So to look at reinsurers results just on quarter by quarter sometimes could be a little bit misleading and so on a year to date basis we are up year-over-year. We think it's a quite a solid year to date so far. 
John Doucette: That was really driven by one large strategic deal that we had done. It's better to look at the net written premium on the international book for that reason. That deal was restructured. So going forward it's at the same margin but the premium will be booked differently going forward. So more appropriate to look at the net written premium.
John Doucette: Yes, just to follow-on that. So net, net we view this as a positive as this will be potentially an increase in demand, a push on demand for some of our clients and that would be good, but just following what Dom said, first we create our own view of risk. We've been spending a substantial amount of time and resources over the last six years or seven years building out Everest Re risk for all zones around the world, all perils, all return periods, and we use many, many things to input this and we’re continually enhancing our views of this and have it very smart capable team of people that are analyzing this around the group. And we think this is one of our core competitive advantages. And it allows us to take all the different inputs, not just the ARR but the other vendors as well as we've been trading for over 40 years in a lot of countries around the globe and so we look at our own results and look at the damageability against losses, we look at external, we look at academic studies that are done around the globe and all that rolls up to our view of risk.  So our view of risk is we’ll try to enhance it all the time, whether it's tied to ARR changing its results or somebody else or internal studies that we do and we’re always looking to enhance that, but net, net, we think this is a positive for us and positive upward on rating going forward. 
John Doucette: Josh, this is John. Just to add some more color to Dom’s answer, it very much would depend on book of business that we have and one of things that Everest has built very intentionally over the last 40 plus years is a very, very diversified book of business and we’re not a one trick pony type of property cat. We keep talking about these 200 plus IVNR [ph] deals. That means we had 200 different segments of business around the group, different lines of business and different geographies. So we’re always looking for profitable business and based on a combined ratio, ROE and other metrics that we look at. So I think it very much depends on what the opportunity set is. We feel very good about our opportunity set and we have for many, many years been a reinsurer in the Casualty market and we are capable to deploy as much capacity there as market conditions dictate place and we desire to given the market condition. We can flip from reinsurance to insurance. We have a lot of dials that we’ve talked about to the earnings call. But we trade in many, many different classes of business that there is margin and not just in the property cat space.
