Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth, and good morning. I'm pleased to report record operating earnings per share for 2015 of $25.04 per share. This translates into an operating return on equity of 15%. The underwriting account produced record underwriting results of $912 million as a result of continued discipline and portfolio shifts undertaking in a very challenging market. Of course, the absolute number is stronger than expected, due to the low level of cats. However, it is noteworthy that in a declining rate environment, the combined ratio remained relatively stable at 83.4% versus 82.8% one year ago. The slight uptick is due to the growth in the insurance portfolio. In fact, the reinsurance combined ratio stood at 78.5% in the last two years. In 2015, reserve releases helped, but other contributing factors were portfolio shifts, expanding mortgage credit ratings, increased facultative business, and profits derived from our Mt. Logan operation. All in, we have been extremely pleased with how the organization has navigated through this market. On the insurance front, it very much remains an improving story, although the overall results at first glance continue to look challenged. The attritional combined ratio improved eight points and came in at 94.3%, demonstrating that our current strategies are producing the desired outcome. Nevertheless, the overall result came in at 106.3%. This was due to prior year development, once again coming from two of our run-off books of business. One is an excess casualty program book and the other is a construction liability account experiencing late reported construction defect claims. While this has been a difficult sector to reserve, it should be noted that our overall reserve position was more than adequate to absorb these developments resulting in an overall reserve release of $36 million for the year. Going forward, we remain confident that our overall reserve position is sufficient to handle developments in any of our many lines of business, but more importantly we feel the same as it relates to the Insurance segment specifically. The Insurance segment has made great progress during the past year, and key additions have been made to our executive management, underwriting, and distribution ranks. Overall premiums grew by 26%, led by our property, E&S, and crop lines as well as A&H, casualty, D&O, and our sports and entertainment business. We continue to build up these sectors as well as some new areas that will come online in 2016. Profitability in each of these sectors is strong despite some rate climbing. John will get into some of these details in his report, but overall we would expect continued momentum in the Insurance segment into 2016 and beyond. Overall, we were very pleased with our underwriting results and initiatives in both reinsurance and insurance. A bit of a continual challenge, however, remains on the investment front. As we all know, the low interest rate environment continues, and new money rates are less than the yields for maturities rolling off. In addition, certain sectors have been more recently challenged, and in particular, the energy sector along with emerging market debt and high yield generally. As we along with others have well-diversified portfolios, we are not immune to some of these impacts. As a result, investment income is down mostly driven by lower limited partnership income impacted by the aforementioned factors. In addition, there were some realized losses due to write-downs taken on certain oil and gas investments. The factors in the investment markets also had an impact on book value, where growth was constrained due to a decline in the unrealized account. Nevertheless, book value per share grew 7% to $178.21 from $166.75. In general, as I mentioned previously, this was another successful year. We are appropriately navigating through continual competitive pressures, and going forward, we expect to maintain our utilization of alternative capital to maximize returns. In addition, we expect continued growth in specialty risks in the North American insurance platform as well as in continental Europe through our new Lloyd's Syndicate. No doubt, the rate pressures we saw at 1/1 will further challenge us and the industry, but we remain confident in our ability to outperform. Thank you, and now to Craig for further details on the results.
Dom Addesso: Prior -- Vinay, this is Dom; prior quarters, that would just be movement in the expected loss ex with the current accident year. That wouldn't relate to any prior period development or any reserve studies set forth [ph].
Dom Addesso: Well, there are several things. First of all, as mentioned in my comments, and John referenced as well, we are adding underwriting talent across the organization, but that also includes a separate office of - or Chief Underwriting Officer within that unit. And John, as the Group Chief Underwriting Officer, is in regular contact with him as we expand our writings, as we talk about the underwriting template, and the underwriting box, if you will, and our risk appetite. So that occurs at the individual insurance level, and then of course monitored at the Group level. That's the first thing. The other thing that we have is a very strong price monitoring process. So we're able to understand what's going on at the transactional level from a great adequacy point of view, that all of our business units report appropriately to us on a quarterly basis. So those are some of the factors, in addition to the regularly scheduled underwriting audits and risk management committee that we have, not only internally, but also reported up through the Board of Directors. So it is a comprehensive process.
Dom Addesso: Another factor there, Vinay is that we are down generally in all non-U.S. territories, and in the U.S., being a better price of that that portfolio mix, while your question is why is the commodity ratio only -- expected to combine down 1/1 [ph] maybe what we reported in terms of generally rate decreases might suggest otherwise. So a little bit of mix shift on a geographic basis is part of the answer there as well.
Dom Addesso: Vinay, I'm glad you were the first one to get that question out of the box. And clearly we expect it at every call. And look, we don't telegraph what we're likely to do in terms of share repurchases. Yes, we look at operating earnings. Yes, we look at the opportunities that are ahead of us in the marketplace, and look at the growth opportunities. And all, and look at our rating agency capital requirements, as well as our own internal economic capital. What I'll say is that we continue to remain bullish on repurchasing shares into 2016. We did do some in the fourth quarter. But then of course price kind of got away from us a little bit, and we probably did a little less than we might otherwise would have. But we still will be repurchasing stock into 2016, but I'm not going to be giving any forecast of what that might be.
Dom Addesso: So Michael, the net written premium for the insurance group for the year is 1.325 billion, of that 250 million approximately was Heartland, if that's getting to your question.
Dom Addesso: Well, I mean the underlying combined ratio on the reinsurance side is comprised of several factors. We have obviously a property cat book. We have a property pro-rata book, a casualty pro-rata, casualty excess, facultative mortgage credit etcetera. And all of those things when combined together obviously produce the overall combined ratio. Our expected combined ratio on property cat XOL year-over-year in terms of what was slightly up, but of course with no cats then that has a very positive impact on the results. Our treat casualty results have been improving year-over-year. We've been expanding our facultative operations, which typically have had higher margins than the treaty book of business. And the mortgage credit of course has been something that we've mildly added to our portfolio, also contributing to that. So to point to any one factor is difficult, but it's just the composition of the portfolio, and as it evolves, we're able to maintain a decent level of profitability and return on capital as a result. And partly to your question if you're asking about trends, it obviously depends on the line of business, but clearly in all of our businesses and all the lines of business, business' trend is not -- it's not strong. There isn't a high loss inflation factor that we're seeing in any of our lines of business.
Dom Addesso: Well, I mean loss gross trends generally are going to be more of a factor in casualty than anything else. And what our underwriters are looking at, and actually they're looking at -- it depends on the client's book of business, and those loss gross trends are the average trends that we've seen over the last couple of years. It's not anything -- I wouldn't describe it as being at the low-end of the range or at the high-end of the range, it's essentially based on the experience that we've seen in the market place over the last five or six years.
Dom Addesso: Well, Lloyd's, of course we just got off the ground at January 1. It was a process that we were able to move relatively quickly on into Lloyd's, and I think we got it done in near record time. But given our scale in the marketplace I think it was a win-win not only for us, but I think also for the Lloyd's as a market in general. So we're pleased with that. And in that space, and Lloyd's in particular as a growth area we're looking at primarily continental Europe. In addition to Lloyd's will be a platform that will help us in some of the Asian markets, particularly China and Australia, where it's advantageous to issue Lloyd's paper is contrasted with what we had been doing was issuing paper at Everest Re; just some cost advantages to that. It also provides a facility for U.S. business that might have multinational exposure. So those are the opportunities for Lloyd's. Generally in the insurance base, as we mentioned, property E&S is a big growth area for us, A&H, commercial D&O, private company D&O -- we've got an inland marine team. We're doing some -- we're looking at growth in the excess casualty in environmental areas. Our work comp book particularly in California has been growing. And we're looking at how we can possibly use that capability in other jurisdictions that are favorable as far as work comp is concerned. So there's just a number of areas, whether it be lines of business or segments that we're focusing on. The contingency business, our sports and entertainment as well, I mentioned, is growing nicely. So it's across a number of different areas.
Dom Addesso: Sarah, this is Dom. And I think clearly with the rates going down, I mean, it's fairly obvious that margins are no doubt going to be under pressure. The way we look at it, as opposed to looking at it from a combined ratio point of view, maybe just give you a high level view. Based on what we say 1/1 and perhaps what we could expect through the balance of the year, and also factoring in where we see insurance pricing as well, which is generally more flattish than it is in the reinsurance base. We would expect an overall impact of about one point in our [ROE 00:02:05]. And that's essentially how we think about -- maybe that's the best way to answer the question that you've asked.
Dom Addesso: Well, let me first say that what I think is more important, and what I pay most attention to is our overall reserve adequacy of the entire group. Which I think personally has been improving over time. Part of the evidence of that is what I referenced earlier in response to Kai, in terms of how our accident year combined ratio or loss picks have developed. Right now your question is very focused on the insurance side, and understandably so, you never know in any of these lines of business. We have a couple of hundred different IBNR groups clearly summer -- in each year we have redundancies in some, and deficiencies in others. So this is a natural occurrence in the complete reserving process. So I can't emphasize enough that the overall reserve position is what we really stay focused on. As I said in my comments -- opening comments was that we're reasonably confident that our overall insurance position, again as a group, is sufficient. But with reserves, it's one of those things that you never know as it relates to any individual class within the segment. But as I said, I think our overall insurance portfolio is well reserved.
Dom Addesso: Well, look, we have significantly modified the method in which we are doing business in the insurance space. The historical insurance footprint of Everest was a program based book of business. Today, that book of business is dominated by direct brokerage book of business. One in which we are primarily driving the underwriting as opposed to an MGA driving the underwriting. That does not mean by the way that we don't have some favorable and significant MGA relationships that we still maintain. But predominantly the book has been driven by desk underwriters that are employed by Everest. That's the significant change. And I think we've been able to demonstrate over the last couple of years improvement in the accident year in calendar year -- or accident year combined ratio. But clearly, there's been a challenge with reserves that come up from books of business that have been terminated, as Craig pointed out, that have been terminated 2008 and earlier. There's nothing that current management can do about that except focus on building out a first class insurance organization, which we believe we are doing today.
Dom Addesso: Absolutely. Now, by definition in cat for year, the Reinsurance segments are going to produce a better combined ratio than the insurance space, but the insurance sector is much stable in that perspective, But I think the current year attritional ratios demonstrate that already.
Dom Addesso: And Josh, look, say the decision that -- thank you for your recollection of all my stints at Everest, but I -- had we made maybe the decision that you're suggesting to let's say dispose the insurance sector, these reserve developments that we've seen would not have gone away. All right, those are things that would have been there regardless of whether we have chosen to go forward on the insurance sector or not. And in fact, I think if anything the insurance sector based on the new strategy has been accretive to earnings regardless of the prior year development. That prior year development is -- was baked. There is nothing that we could have done about that.
Dom Addesso: Well, thank you every much. Again, we're very pleased to report record quarter and outstanding year particularly compared to generally what's going on in the overall market. We appreciate your questions and certainly understand even the tough ones. We think that we have demonstrated over the past couple of years that our strategies that we embarked on a couple of years ago are beginning to demonstrate that we can produce returns that are above market returns -- above the market. So again, thank you for your questions and your interest in Everest, and we will talk to you in the months ahead.
Craig Howie: There was some favorable prior year development that came through as well in this segment, but it's very small in comparison to the reserve charges that we took for construction liability and Umbrella. That's what represents the majority of that.
Craig Howie: So excluding Heartland last year -- and Mike, this is Craig, excluding Heartland last year it was a 95% -- 95.0% combined. And this year it's 93.4% [ph] excluding crop. This year crop had a profit. Last year crop was running at a loss.
Craig Howie: Last year, the combined ratio excluding crop on the insurance book was 95.0. That number is now 93.4. That's the 1.6 points of improvement that John mentioned.
Craig Howie: This is Craig, Kai. Current year crop is running at a 99. That is certainly better than our long-term average because this is a profitable year for us in crop. It is not where we expect to be over the long-term. This business needs scale and geographic diversity. And that's what we've attempted to do this year. We've grown the premium, and we've grown it diversifying it into other states as well. So that will help you -- that will help you…
Craig Howie: For these two run-offs, this is what we are attempting to do with these is look at where we expect these reserves to be over time, and I don't have that number in front of me, Kai.
Craig Howie: I think I'll add one other thing that maybe -- will hopefully answer the question and maybe provide you some comfort relative to that question. And that is if you look over the last 12 years at our accident year -- initial accident year pick combined ratio, every year in the last 12, that accident year combined ratio has developed positively. In other words, each accident year has had redundancy in it. So that basically tells you that our expected loss pick in the [indiscernible] account is a conservative pick.
Craig Howie: Just to add to that, during the reserve process this year, when we went through the insurance segments, we did consider the severity of scenarios, as well as volatility assumptions in those calculations that were done during the reserve studies. And Management did elect to book a higher number than the actuarial indicated estimate for both of these books of reserves, both the Umbrella book and construction liability book.
Craig Howie: One of the major factors that changed this year was we did a claim review for the Umbrella book. We had done a claim review earlier in the year. And we used -- utilized those results that came out of that claim review to take into account that impact and that was considered during the actuarial studies for that book of business. On the construction liability side, this relates to run-off landscapers program that we stopped writing back in 2008. The company no longer writes this book of business, but these are not indemnity type claims anymore, were considered an additional insured. Claimants have 10 years to file claims against the general contractor. So again, they are not indemnity claims at this point. They are mostly legal fees. So, it is a little bit more difficult to wrap your arms around this other than looking at not only frequency but also severity of those cases.
John Doucette: Vinay, this is John. Yes, that was a -- that was for our overall worldwide property catastrophe XOL book.
John Doucette: Right. So it's a combination of things, but as we alluded to in our script, one of things we found at this 1/1 was that higher layers in general were priced, we thought had a better pricing to them. So on average there's exceptions to this, but on average, the attachment point of our property cat book went up. And that helped mitigate it. But I also think -- you know we've talked about this before, when it comes to signings across the program, given Everest relationship, 40-plus-year relationship with our clients and brokers, and given our balance sheet and high ratings, we get a lot more selection of the layers that we like than others. And that allows us to mitigate the overall market rate softening.
John Doucette: It's basically the accident year combined ratio, attritional combined ratio looking this year for our insurance book excluding Heartland compared to last period. And the reason we gave that number was because there was a meaningful improvement in the Heartland results from last year to this. So we wanted to identify that it wasn't just the improvement in the Heartland results.
John Doucette: I think a lot –- that's really where there's more limit purchase. So from a demand point of view that's higher. Typically how the programs are laid out, the lower layers are smaller. And then increasingly, as you go up the tower, the dollar limits that are purchased are larger. So there is more demand at that point. And to the extent that our business is being impacted by alternative capital, those higher layers have lower rates online, which are more challenging for alternative capital, unrated capital to find an attractive return for that. So I think that's partially playing into that too.
John Doucette: And Kai, it's John. Just to add to that, you know, we have a very experienced actuarial pricing team that have priced all property and casualty lines of business all over the world and have been doing that for 20 plus years. And we've added over the last several years more talent to that team and enhanced the analytics. So we feel pretty comfortable that we understand what the trends are, what the loss picks are for the reinsurance business that we're putting on the books.
John Doucette: Josh, it's John. Just to add a little more color, I think also in the context of one of things we've really been focused in the last several years, Dom and the executive management team, is expanding our opportunity set and trying to figure out how we can get profitable growth. That's why we've been hiring very talented teams of people or individuals that can hire teams of people and can access business on the insurance side. That's why we are getting into Lloyds. That's why we are setting up the alternative capital to give us more capacity to deploy in other areas. So around the globe whether it's insurance or reinsurance, whether it's in the U.S. or internationally, we are looking for ways to expand our opportunity set. I think that's my job, that's the senior leaders in insurance and insurance team to develop new products, new distribution, new opportunities. And that also is one of the reasons why -- as we develop that, one of the reasons why the combined ratio has stabilized and our goal is to hopefully improve even in this market condition.
