Dom Addesso: As we mentioned previously, our annual cat load is approximately 10 points of command ratio points - 10%.
Dom Addesso: Everyone deals with that differently. We actually treat that for capital rating or effective tax rate, we maintain a flat budget. But people do it differently, so – 
Dom Addesso: Let me take the two pieces of that. On the reinsurance side, the rise in the expense ratio is predominantly driven by the topline. And we are going to maintain our discipline on topline and that will return to more normal levels once the market returns to a more normal level. The other segments are pockets of business that we can find to offset the premium decline. We obviously have the bandwidth or the room to tolerate that expense movement because we already started from the very, very low base. On the insurance side, that's elevated primarily because of the investment we made there, and the premium earned is not caught up yet to the investments we've made. That would moderate throughout the year and I think over the longer term, we would expect our expense ratio to be consistent with where we historically have been.
Dom Addesso: I understand, Kai. I think first of all the annualized ROE is frankly little bit understated and realizing that it’s one quarter. We’ve had some one time impacts in the first quarter and of course, that gets multiplied out for the four years on an annualized basis, the most notable of which is investment income. But you also have foreign exchange which is I mentioned in my script though. You’ve got an offset to that flowing it through the other comprehensive income because we’ve got the investment in foreign assets which offsets what’s coming through the P&L. So we have to recognize that. You also had the reserve charges in the first quarter as well. So I think if you kind of adjust for those things - however you see fit when you see that our ROE on an annualized basis, on a pro forma annualized basis is higher.
Dom Addesso: I should also add to that, excuse me Kai - I’ll just add to that. Some of the things I mentioned is reflected in the book value per share growth, the 4%. That doesn’t quite align with the 12% ROE but it is due to the some of the factors that I mentioned.
Dom Addesso: Mt. Logan does not impact that number at all. And I think essentially what you are seeing is just long term decrease in the interest rates and the impact on our fixed income portfolio. Also driven by the fact that some of our limited growth in the invested assets were limited by the amount of share repurchase we’ve made and the dividends we’ve made. So that will also not as much of an increase in invested assets. So the combination of those things is pointing to a drift down as I mentioned in my remark. We do anticipate though that’s going to be flattening out here not just in future.
Dom Addesso: We don’t have, at this point, any better information than what you’ve been reading in the trade presses about the ranges. And if we did, we frankly, we’d have a more precise estimate that we could give you relative to each of those events. Given the ranges that have been spoken about, we obviously feel very comfortable that it’s well below our annual expected cat load or quarterly expected cat load if you will. And now, whether or not we say it’s not material, it’s your judgment. But it’s still well below our annual expected cat load. But I don’t have a better sense of what those numbers are. It’s early days. We are getting reports, and we have losses that will come to us from obviously our insurance book which are coming in slow. Although we do reach out to potentially affected accounts. Same thing happens on our facultative side and then the biggest piece- I’m talking about Texas now in particular. The other piece would be treaty property. In Ecuador, we would only be affected by our reinsurance book.
Dom Addesso: There is no way that I can give you our specific plans but I want to. We certainly would expect some meaningful percentage growth year over year. We’ve hired resources in the inland marine space and workers comp area. In the professional lines and the PNO and ENO areas. Political risk trade credit; surety. What have I left out? But excess casualty. So all of those sectors we have added talent to- they come to us with many years of experience from, in many cases large global entities. And so we would expect year over year some meaningful percentage increases. However, just like we do on the reinsurance side, it is a difficult time to be growing because of the rate environment. So my comments have to be tempered by some degree of prudence that we are going to take on the premium that we put on the books. And that’s the challenging part in terms of giving you some sense of what the actual dollar projects are.
Dom Addesso: As people in this room can attest to, no one around here, sits around, waiting for anything. So, no, we are not doing that. There are opportunities in each of these segments to put business on the book. I’m not saying that there aren’t opportunities. What I am saying though is that perhaps what the market will give will dictate how quickly we add to those ranks. And how patient you are with marketplace. So it’s really more about what the additional expense numbers are in terms of what the marketplace will give us. But we do think that there is opportunities for the staff that we have here today and they are busy not only building relationships with our distribution partners, also building our infrastructure needs, underwriting guidelines, all that things that takes to run an effective insurance operation.
Dom Addesso: We don’t know what’s going to happen at 61. There is a lot of moving parts on, there is obviously a lot of supply of capital that’s out there. There is potential demand shifts, variations on what citizens in Florida cat plan would do. There is the talk of less buying that’s happening for citizens for example. But that may in fact mean more limit being purchased by some of our longstanding clients. So in some ways it might be more of a reallocation. So we are not sure what’s going to happen at 61. But we are confident we will be able to successfully execute our plan about both writing a gross footprint that we are comfortable with and then combining that with our ability to match the risk to the capital, the appropriate capital as we talked about earlier. So our ability to build a portfolio that we are pleased with and feel has strong potential in it.
Dom Addesso: I think you’ll see a continued addition as we continue to build up the insurance platform as I mentioned before. But that will be consistent with what our expectations for growth are. So we are not done given what our premium plans are for the longer term. No, of course, we are not done adding resources.
Dom Addesso: Well I think the part of that is going to be tempered back a little bit by the rate environment that we are seeing. But keep in mind that as I mentioned earlier some of the recent hires we just made into the late fourth quarter of last year and into the first quarter of this year and that is going to take sometime for them to have their impact. But I think we can get at a higher level of growth than what we experienced in the first quarter, whether or not we can get up to that 20% number we will see. But I think it will be higher than percentage growth I believe will be higher than what we saw in the first quarter.
Dom Addesso: Well I think I would say generally our expectation it wasn’t for the energy related issue in our LP limited partnership income which was solely due to price of oil and now that that is kind of seemingly at least for now stabilize. We would have otherwise expected our investment income to be kind of flattish. So that is what I would expected the run rate.
Dom Addesso: Because the pace of hiring that we have in the fourth quarter and the first quarter will not be as robust in the remaining quarters and we’ll start to begin to see the premium earned take hold.
Dom Addesso: No, no, you're basically looking at an expense number year-over-year that's elevated because we have a group of people on staff that are here this year that weren’t here last year and at the same time the premium earned this year compared to last year hasn’t yet earned in for the business that these folks are now beginning to write. So that’s why the expense ratio is going to moderate over time.
Dom Addesso: If what you’re asking Josh is and forgive me if I am reading too much into your question, but certainly I think overall demand in this space seems to have quieted a bit because of where rates are or rates are headed. So I think that’s in part maybe perhaps what you're getting at. We still have an increased interest in Logan, but it doesn’t mean that it’s at the same pace that it might have been a year or two ago.
Dom Addesso: I don’t think the answer to that is a function of size. I think we had $1.5 billion of premium I think we're of sufficient size. I think what's been challenging for us as, has been some of the legacy issues that we had to deal with. But I do think that at our size we can produce very profitably the kind of insurance bottom line we would all like to see. So I don’t think it’s a function of size. What will happen though if this is in part the answer to your question, I am just measuring but my answer to you is in part driven by just focusing on the loss ratio. But we will have during this ramp up period, obviously the pressure on profitability just driven by the expense ratio. But that’s not the function of nominal size, that’s a function of how we have chosen to invest in the business and how we’ve chosen to grow it. So there will be some short term pressure until we get the premium earned catching up to the expenses that we put on the books.
Dom Addesso: You bet, it’s the same management team. It’s the same approach. It's the same diligence that frankly has started when I came here several years ago. It doesn’t mean we've always gotten it right in sector by sector, but we're just as diligent in every one of our reserve buckets that we have.
Dom Addesso: I am sorry. That’s the difference between with and without Logan. If you include Logan premium that was 12% on all of that, but if it's just on the premiums without Logan it's 10 points.
Dom Addesso: I think at this point it’s a little early to doing that, I think the weather conditions that we've noted we’ve hit early so there doesn’t seem to be any impact on not expecting any adverse impact on yield. Of course price has been down this year on many of the commodities, So that’s affected the premium, but in many ways that’s not such a terrible thing given that it provides some floor if you will on the price protection. So we're expecting -- we're expecting normal crop season, nothing hopefully profitable. We're not anticipating any adverse at this point any adverse outcome. That’s the best I can give you on that.
Dom Addesso: The main one is corn followed by soybean basically. That accounts for most of the revenue products within the crop space.
Dom Addesso: Let me just close out with a few thoughts, and thank you everybody for participating and your interest and your questions this morning. In closing, I think, it’s worth emphasizing again that 12% ROE and a 4% growth in book value per share, we think it’s an outstanding result in this market. And we will likely see that as the best in the industry. And, again as I said in answer to one of the questions that the ROE for the quarter is slightly understated due to one-time items in the first quarter. And as planned, we will continue to make investments in the insurance segment. In the short term, this has resulted in an increased expense ratio but again, we believe that will be normalized over time. And as mentioned on previous calls, this is a result of our build out not by strategy which is producing an improvement in the loss ratio. In the reinsurance business, we continue to do what we said we would do all along. That is to be disciplined, manage through the cycle, not being bound by the top line. All this does have short term implications, it is still resulting in superior returns. So those were my thoughts for you for today and again thank you all for participating. Have a great day.
John Doucette: Good morning Amit. This is John. I think overall, again, it’s not market but we are pleased with our ability to execute in that market. I think rates were down about 5% or so in Japan which is the major part of the 41 renewal. We saw some combining of wind and quake programs into combined layers. We really did see a lot that we’ve talked about this in the prior quarters. We really did see a lot of our ability to get signings that we want. Signings by layer, increases on deals in layers that we liked. Moving up when we wanted to move up. The clients let us do that. And also leveraging some of the strategic relationships that we’ve been building over the last several years. So again, health market, but we’ve felt pretty good about how 41 went for us.
John Doucette: Josh this is John. We have continued interest from a lot of people that have been looking at us for a long time and one of our goals is to continue to diversify the investor base and the types of investors that are in there. And so we have a lot of people, a lot of the ramp up from somebody who expresses initial interest to making an investment sometime that's measured in 12, 18, 24 months. So, we take money in that we think we can deploy and we would expect that we continue to grow that over time and it’s a balancing act between the two our opportunities set and the investor appetite.
John Doucette: Yeah. This is John Doucette. I think it depends on sort of what pocket you're referring or we're seeing in the business. I would say as sweeping comment, no, I don’t think the margins are materially moving yet beyond some of the fundamental drivers of the business. So one of the work they're not dislocation change premium or premium rate for that matter. So we're seeing different pockets react differently to this cycle in the market. But the biggest dislocation impact obviously is in the form of human capital. That’s been significant and severe and we've taking full advantage of that, but not quite seeing that translate into a broad based different rating environment.
