Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom and good morning everyone. Everest had a net loss of $639 million or $15.73 per common share for the third quarter of 2017. This compares to net income of $295 million dollars for the third quarter last year or $7.6 per diluted common share. The operating loss for the quarter was $16.43 per share reflecting the catastrophe losses in the quarter and the foreign exchange losses of over $1 per share, which is the primary difference from the consensus. The operating loss excludes realized capital gains and losses. You will note that 2017 earnings per share calculations utilized basic common shares instead of diluted shares, due to the loss in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. The group had a net loss on a year-to-date basis of $102 million compared to $623 million of net income in 2016. These results were impacted by a series of major catastrophe events that are driving both the quarter and the year-to-date figures. In the third quarter of 2017, the group saw $1.2 billion of net pre-tax catastrophe losses, with a net economic impact of $900 million after taxes. The breakdown on the pre-tax loss by event is as follows. Hurricane Harvey was $270 million, Hurricane Irma was $475 million, Hurricane Maria was $400 million, and the earthquakes in Mexico were $85 million. There is considerable uncertainty in these estimates, and we expect it will take several months before relative clarity emerges from the multiple events. However, the company has significant unused retrocessional capacity, including aggregate protections, which would provide coverage above these estimated levels. On a year-to-date basis, the results reflected net pre-tax catastrophe losses of $1.3 billion in 2017 compared to $143 million in 2016. Excluding the catastrophe events, the underlying book continues to perform well with an overall current year attritional combined ratio of 85.6% through the first nine months compared to 8.52% for the same period in 2016. Our year-to-date expense ratio remains low at 5.3% due to higher earned premium, including reinstatement premiums after the catastrophe event this quarter. For investments, pre-tax investment income was $137 million for the quarter and $394 million year-to-date on our $18 billion investment portfolio. Year-to-date investment income was up 10% from one year ago. The result was primarily driven by the increase in limited partnership income, which was up over $20 million for the first nine months of 2016. We've been able to maintain investment yield without a shift in our overall investment portfolio. However, we have gradually shifted allocations within our alternative investment bucket by reducing exposure to high-yield debt and public equity while committing more towards limited partnership investments all while maintaining a conservative well-diversified high credit quality bond portfolio. The pre-tax yield on the overall portfolio was 3% and the duration remained at just over three years. Foreign exchange is reported in other income. Foreign exchange losses were $43 billion in the third quarter or over $1 of earnings per share. Year-to-date foreign exchange losses were $48 million compared to $29 million of foreign exchange losses in the first nine months of 2016. The foreign exchange impact is effectively an accounting mismatch since its offset in shareholders' equity mismatch since its offset in shareholders equity through translation adjustments. Overall, we maintain an economic neutral position with respect to foreign exchange matching assets with liabilities in most major world currencies. Other income also included a $6 million loss from Mt. Logan Re in the first nine months of 2017, compared to $10 million of income in the same period last year. The decline essentially represents the higher level of catastrophe losses during 2017. On income taxes, the tax benefit is based on the actual year-to date-loss, not the annualized effective tax rate. We would expect any fourth quarter income to be taxed at an effective rate of about 10%. Stable cash flow continues with operating cash flows of over $1 billion for the first nine months of 2017, compared to $961 million dollars in 2016. We expect this will decline as we pay claims for the recent catastrophe events, but still remain positive for the year. Shareholders equity for the group was $8 billion dollars at the end of the third quarter leaving us well-positioned to take advantage of business opportunities. Thank you. Now, John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operations.
Craig Howie: The total loss for Mt. Logan was almost $200 million. And then, of course [indiscernible] (38:57) income as well. So, you'll see that there, AUM is down about $116 million for the quarter.
Craig Howie: Yes. We did that this quarter as well, Brian, just because of a matching with the events. But that'll be determined again in the fourth quarter depending on where we stand with respect to income in the fourth quarter.
Dominic James Addesso: Well, there's a number of factors, Elyse, that lead us to believe that there is an [ph] opening market (33:42). First of all, starting with the various industry events that clearly we have been attending throughout the past month starting with Monte Carlo and moving on to PCI and Baden and the CIAB. The strength of the market in terms of [ph] its resolve (34:01) continue to increase based on our assessment and various talking with customers, brokers, [ph] and other markets (34:09). So, that's number one. And underpinning all that has been what I've been saying for some time is that the returns on capital, return on equity of the industry in general, as you all know, has been in the mid single-digit for a period of time. And therefore, these types of events are unsustainable with mid single-digit ROEs in times of low to no cat activity. So, clearly, the market has been below technical pricing adequacy. So, that's number one. With respect to alternative capital coming back in, start off with a good portion, a significant portion of alternative capital is locked up. And it's our belief that certainly some new capital will come back in, but it's not clear yet that 100% of that, at least in the short term, is ready to move back in. And frankly, alternative capital is not going to come back in unless it sees some price improvement. So, that's my fundamental belief as to why I think there will be a market firming. I don't think it's dependent on alternative capital. There's technical pricing needs across many of our lines of business, not just property, and there has been a reassessment of cost of capital [indiscernible] (35:49)
Dominic James Addesso: I knew we would eventually get to that question, and I'm not necessarily going to say that we're expecting X percent by this timeframe. I think we will see in the retro market a very, very strong double-digit rate increases early on, and perhaps that would last into a second renewal season. That of course, as you know, with firm retro pricing that has a waterfall impact on the rest of property cat. We're already, as Jonathan somewhat alluded to, on the primary side. It's mixed, early days, but we are seeing – beginning to see some price movement upward, but that will take a longer period of time to get to what we believe will be rate adequacy. So, at the primary level, ultimately, it's in the early days, it's high single-digit, but that might take several months to really play out. On the reinsurance front, straight up property cat, I think will start in the teens, again in loss affected areas and perhaps that will take multiple years to play out. But it is – we don't know for sure, but clearly, we are approaching the January 1 renewals with the anticipation that rates are going up.
Dominic James Addesso: There is many derivations of that. We have various companies that are in place obviously in the U.S., in Bermuda, in Ireland, in other jurisdictions and we have capital in most of those locations. So, depending on what the final shape of that bill is, we'll dictate where we position our capital and what companies we will be running business on.
Dominic James Addesso: We have and have had actually before the events but even after the events, we have investors that are ready to put capital in. Some reload, some new investors that are interested in going forward with the Logan platform, all with an expectation that rates are going up. That kind of relates back to my earlier response to Elyse.
Dominic James Addesso: To add to that, to pick up on something that John has alluded to there, keep in mind that what we have been doing through the market cycle here is the market had been softening over the past couple of years, we've been moving attachment points, and deploying our capital to where we felt was the best risk-adjusted returns. And where we will be going forward, perhaps we'll be changing that again so that where the market is getting the appropriate rate increase and where the best risk-adjusted returns are is where we will be deploying our capital. So, that could change over the next 12 months.
Dominic James Addesso: I mentioned in my script, Kai that I believe the tax rate for the fourth quarter, any income earned in the fourth quarter should be at an effective rate of about 10%.
Dominic James Addesso: There is always things around the edges that you can improve upon. There's nothing material, but stands out. I guess in the very extreme and the absurd, could have been no property cat. That's obviously not a realistic scenario. I have to be honest with you, I think what we have done and the way we've managed our portfolio I think has been pretty much spot on, as again during the – over the last couple of years, as you know, we've been earning very, very good returns on our capital. We've been leveraging the retro market, the capital markets, and allowed us to maintain our writings while not diminishing our returns on capital. And the loss, frankly, has come out well within our parameters. So, there's not really – I suppose the only other thing that we could have done is again Monday morning quarterback, buy more reinsurance for our insurance portfolio. But looking at it from this vantage point, I'm certain we would make the same decisions.
Dominic James Addesso: Well, on an attritional basis, it is generating an underwriting profit and we see the improvement in the attritional combined ratio year-over-year. So, we are moving in the proper direction. We view our cat book, we view on a corporate or global basis. So, when we are allocating capacity, when we're looking at the marketplace, we're looking at our cat exposure globally and I should say corporately. So, that was well within our risk appetite. To the extent that it is, then we could certainly entertain some intercompany reinsurance opportunities that would, in effect, manage that combined ratio perhaps to the point that you're describing. But overall, we are very confident and very pleased with the attritional performance of our book.
Dominic James Addesso: As you know, we don't – let me answer the wildfire question first. At this point, it's fairly still early, but the losses we've modeled it and what we're hearing from customers and underwriters is that it is well within our normal quarterly cat load. So, we're not concerned about that event at least at this point. Relative to share buybacks, as you know, we don't give an indication of what our appetite is. We are in the process of just reformulating, if you will, our plans for next year and we'll have perhaps more to say on that in the weeks and months ahead.
Dominic James Addesso: No. So, in part, the reinsurance growth is – remember we took on a crop reinsurance portfolio, so the growth is coming from that. Mortgage has been growing as well. And then, few property – or few pro-rata deals have added to that as well. And some our structured products there, our structured solutions group has been adding some premium as well. Our straight up property cat business has not really grown all that much year-over-year and that's frankly because of softening market, moving attachment points, all those things in the mix have kind of capped out kind of our appetite on property risk, cat risk.
Dominic James Addesso: Absolutely not. And as Jonathan pointed out in his opening comments, we expect the non-property lines actually to grow a little faster in the coming quarters. So, you'll see even a better balance between property and non-property.
Dominic James Addesso: Our net loss contemplates recoveries from the various instruments that John has just kind of outlined. Which does mean that if the industry loss goes down, our net loss position really doesn't change a whole heck of a lot.
Dominic James Addesso: There is some movement that could occur, but it all depends on industry loss, where the loss is coming from, what the weightings are. So it's a little difficult to give a precise answer to that, but my point is that there shouldn't be – within a band, our net loss position doesn't change a whole heck of a lot. It's really...
Dominic James Addesso: Now all you smart folks have been exploring this and asking managements on all the calls and have been looking at it for weeks and you can't find it, I don't know how you expect us, a simple man like me to figure that out for you. But if there was a place to look, I would look in the capital markets piece. That's my expectation of where kind of the missing numbers are.
Dominic James Addesso: In any one particular quarter, there's adjustments we're making to pick loss ratios. Our A&H book of business for example has been growing which, by definition, carries a little bit higher attritional loss ratio. We think it's more appropriate to look at the year-to-date performance since it takes out some of those quarterly anomalies which makes the business – where we're pegging loss ratios in any one particular quarter, we make adjustments in a quarter. But it's the year-to-date number that really is what we think and what we look at predominantly, and that's improving year-over-year. That's trending in the right manner.
Dominic James Addesso: And those investors, to make it clear, are looking also for rates to be up, and they're not looking to deploy capital in a flat to down market.
Dominic James Addesso: I think, we have demonstrated over the last couple of years that we deploy our capital in the best risk-adjusted areas. We have used third party capital. We will write the business on the basis that we think is best for the organization and use the capital that's out there in the most highly efficient manner possible. So it's difficult to answer that question precisely, but I think what we've demonstrated is that we're flexible and we tend to be within ranges, opportunistic, and we move our capacity around. And we will continue to do that as we trade forward if what you're suggesting is that the firming would be short-lived.
Dominic James Addesso: Bottom line, Brian, I think the models are great. Everyone in the industry uses them. Events like this I think caused all managements to take them with a little bit of grain of salt and recognize that there is risk that is not evidenced through the models, and that in fact will have some impact on pricing, will have some impact on buying behavior as well.
Dominic James Addesso: That's it. Okay. So we've had all our questions, and thanks for those. In summary, I think what you heard this morning is that our risk management practices have contained the losses within our expectations, and that kind of permits us to trade forward and participate fully in what we believe, and I think the market believes, there will be firming. We think this is true not only because of what markets in general are saying but also because there will be some dislocation of capital which, as I said before, will benefit highly rated papers such as ours. So this is the business we're in but this does create some opportunity for us going forward. Well thank you for your participation on the call and I look forward to our continued dialog. Happy Halloween.
John Doucette: Good morning, Kai. It's John. So, I think there's a lot of dials that we look at both in terms of absolute and relative rate adequacy. So, we'll look at it both on the growth side in terms of how we're going to deploy the capital to which area, which product line, which territory, and then how much we want to deploy. So, how much we want to deploy and how much we want to retain, that will be a function of what we think would be overall rate adequacy is. And then, yes, we will look to the different hedges whether it's additional hedges of reinsurance and retro. But remember, we have a lot of dials to turn on how we get the business, as I mentioned, from insurance, reinsurance, all the way to retro. And we have a lot of different dials to turn in terms of how we manage our net risk appetite and net risk exposure. And those include Mt. Logan that takes shares of different pools of risk and stand with Everest on whatever the rates are that we get, and as well as the catastrophe bonds that we have where we have $2.8 billion of multi-year aggregate catastrophe bond, most of which [indiscernible] (41:27) vast majority of that is still intact going forward into January 1 and later.
John Doucette: Josh, it's John. Yeah. I mean, I think they were basically materially similar. There was a decrease due to the cat bonds that we issued in the March and April time period. But part of that, and we continue to use third party capital as a way to think about managing our portfolio, managing the overall risk appetite, shaping it. And so to the extent that we had some additional capacity through the aggregate catastrophe bonds that we purchased that covered Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico among other areas, that helped us in terms of then as we went into June 1 and July 1 in terms of the renewal period to maintain a net PML position that we were comfortable with.
John Doucette: Good morning. So the catastrophe bonds, some of them we purchased, so across the $2.8 billion there was several layers, different [ph] parallel (52:14) covers. They all cover North America in some fashion and Puerto Rico, several of them. And then some of them are on an occurrence basis and including the most recent $1.25 billion as well as some of the previous ones are on an aggregate basis. So these bonds that we purchased are typically done tied to industry losses, and then there is different market shares that are applied as per the bond. There are different market shares based on territories that are exposed, so there's not really a simple answer to that question. So the market shares in each of the bonds in each of the territories will vary as we try to shape the bond to then best hedge our overall portfolio. So the most latest catastrophe bonds of the $1.25 billion that we issued, they are done on an industry basis so people such as yourself can do your own research on whether you think they're expected to be penetrated or not. There had been some markdowns in the bonds that reflected that there may be some potential penetration to the lowest layer, but that really is going to end up being ultimately up to what the final industry losses are going to be.
John Doucette: And staying on the other side, which is if the losses go up because of the various protections, including the aggregate catastrophe bonds I was just talking about which are very close to the aggregate retention being exhausted or slightly into the first layer, it also means that if the industry losses go up then our net loss position won't change materially.
John Doucette: Yeah. It's John. So the amount that would be tied up would be consistent with the expected losses that are there plus a buffer that would be on top of that against the ceded losses. And then in terms of how much we would look to raise or redeploy, we're in the process of talking to Logan investors, both existing and new ones, and we would expect – we don't know what the final number will be, but we would expect it to be up.
John Doucette: Right. And it allows, as Dom said earlier, there clearly is a trend in the buyers both in the reinsurance and retro market looking for rated paper because there are some fundamental structural problems which we're going to see it's going to play out in real time because with the collateralized products. In terms of collateral release mechanisms, forced collateral release, people may realize they thought they had cover and then they don't have as much cover as they thought or they don't have continuity of cover from one year to the next as collateral gets trapped. So there's a clear demand for rated paper. And with our balance sheet, our ratings, and kind of our 45-year trading relationship with clients the around the world, expect to be in a good position to capitalize on that. And so part of that would be to make sure that we get the right net risk position to be able to use our different capital structures, such as Mt. Logan, to help. But basically, if Everest gets raised, the Mt. Logan investors will benefit from that, so we stand pari passu with them.
John Doucette: Yeah. So I think a lot of times – every time a loss happens there's always something that the different vendors learn from, something different than before and they adjust it. That typically takes a few years to ripple through the system as they update their models to kind of fit the historical events set or the different events that happen. So certainly, I think take what happened in Houston, I think there's going to be a heightened awareness to flooding risk in different ways than people. Certainly, some of the vendor models had thought about it before. But this is true with the different earthquakes, whether it was the New Zealand earthquake or the four zones on the Japanese earthquake. It's been a long time since a catastrophe of that size hit, Maria, and I think the modeling agencies will think that through. And for a little while there, we were looking at a Cat 5 hitting Miami, and I think that will both change some customers' views of their risk management as well as potentially change some of the vendor models with that as they think about the possibilities with the different storm tracks. But a lot of that takes a – the customer views may be more – happen in real time as people think about what board of directors for some of our clients think about what their risk position is and how much they want to keep net, and that may put some upward demand on reinsurance. But in terms of the modeling agencies, it usually takes a little bit to go through the system.
