Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth and good morning. We are pleased to report another favorable quarter despite industry losses in China and Chile. For us, these two events totaled $100 million gross and $79 million, net of tax and reinsurance. Nevertheless, we were still able to generate $200 million of operating income, producing an ROE for the quarter of 11%. Also impacting the quarter was lower investment income due to reduced limited partnership income. Investment returns continue to be an obvious challenge, which means an even greater result to produce adequate underwriting profits as evidenced by our year-to-date underwriting gain of $574 million and a year-to-date ROE of 14%. I expect both our quarter and year-to-date results to be better than overall industry performance, due to our well-diversified portfolio and expected advantage. The underwriting gain for the quarter was $155 million and absent the China loss, the attritional combined ratio stood at approximately 82%. While reinsurance segments drive the underwriting profit, the insurance operation has improved its attritional combined ratio year-over-year by almost 5 points for the nine months. This is a result of a number of quarters of improving rates as well as profitable growth of almost 30% during the nine months. Reinsurance, including Mt. Logan on the other hand, had a premium decline of approximately 6% on a year-to-date basis, but on a constant dollar basis, our reinsurance premium is down 3%. Several factors are attributing to this. The market environment is an important element of this where renewal rates are down which also causes us to non-renew certain programs or layers. Offsetting this somewhat is the ability to move our capacity to more profitable but different layers, typically at higher attachment points, and therefore less premium per dollar of limit. This portfolio optimization is done in concert with our various hedging strategies, which include use of cat bonds, IOWs and Mount Logan. Market conditions may flatten out as industry returns are subpar, capital growth is slowing and demand potential may be on the horizon. However, in the near term, we are not likely to see a market that would dramatically change our plans as price adequacy is mixed. This means we will continue to expect that most of our growth would come from our insurance units. The ongoing emphasis on adding superior talent and broadening our broker relationships will be key to our continued success there. In addition, broadening our insurance platform by developing our Lloyds Syndicate to the new Bermuda-based insurance platform will be immediately accretive.  There are many new and exciting initiatives taking play at Everest in both the reinsurance and the insurance businesses. The new products and the effective use of capital markets in the reinsurance portfolio to line of business and geographic expansion in our insurance segment. These are all efforts that enable us to continue to generate superior returns on our capital compared to the overall market. Thank you, and now I will turn it to Craig for the financial report.
Dom Addesso: Give us one second. It’s 96% for the quarter, Amit. As far as our attritional combined ratio without crop, it’s 96% compared to 95% last year – sorry 96% for the quarter, 94% year-to-date. 
Dom Addesso: I think, Amit, you should think about perhaps a little bit of catch up. We were lighter than we certainly anticipated in the second quarter as the price target ran away from us a little bit in the second quarter and we just continued to have steady progress towards repurchasing shares. And we continued that into the third quarter particularly as we grew going through the quarter, it seemed as if it was going to going light cat quarter.
Dom Addesso: We expect to go live with Lloyd’s in -- for the year subject to final approval by the franchise board or business plan et cetera, but we are on track to do that effective 1/1.
Dom Addesso: Well, I can’t speak to why investors are conspicuously concerned or not concerned. All I can speak to is what we try to do. We manage our accumulations by each of our zone and of course as you and others know, our largest zone is in the Southeast US and of course we manage that down from there. Relative to what was happening in Mexico as an example or in Latin America for that matter. The industry was quite lucky of course that that event did not hit some of the more occupied regions in the resort areas. Interestingly enough, in the more recent times, we actually downsized of our participations in Mexico due to pricing trends and conditions. And as we continue to emphasize in each of these calls, we will look for fairly priced transactions and if we cannot need our hurdle rates, we will terminate or look to change our participations in some ways that matches our re-adjusted return targets that we have. So we continue to manage our P&Ls consistent with the balance sheet and we believe that what we’re doing in terms of managing our risk through cat bonds, IOWs, and Mt. Logan, in fact, we write sizes that risk relative to our balance sheet. So, I think we benefit frankly from the diversification that we have across the globe as opposed to thinking about a particular event in some region of the world. As you’ve probably have noted our [indiscernible] was probably slightly below what others have reported. And again, I think it's a result of those actions that I’ve just described where we actually got of some deals and actually our exposure turned out to be less. In Chile, we were at much less proportion of business than we did previously and of course that event again hitting offshore, the insured loss was not as great as maybe was originally feared. So I think on balance, again, the portfolio is diversified across the globe, which frankly we believe benefits us from a return perspective in using our balance sheet most effectively because I don’t -- I hope that answers your question.
Dom Addesso: Not necessarily, we do look at over 6 to 12 month period but we just had a price target for that particular period and the stock just kept moving ahead of that. It's nothing more complicated than that. And we can think over the long-term, we have been repurchasing stocks and we look to do at not a specific target but I’ll -- that we care to get share in a public [Technical Difficulty] to any levels repurchases, particularly our [indiscernible]. 
Dom Addesso: Well, we do have – first of all, we have our risk management committee that reports regularly to the Board, so I will point that out. And we monitor, if your question is about accumulations –
Dom Addesso: Let me just add to that, because pricing is, I would say, it’s weaker. It does not mean necessarily that it’s not adequate. So for example, as John Doucette highlighted in his comments, we talked about casualty being flat year-over-year, so that’s kind of a reflection of what’s going on in the market, perhaps what we feel are adequate returns relative to what we have seen. In the property space, we are still seeing many opportunities. A&H is a specialty segment, which experienced nice growth as well as some new product opportunities. Our contingency business/sports and entertainment book is again a specialty business that’s not necessarily subject to some of the pricing pressures that you mentioned. In addition, we have done some things in Canada, which have given us some growth. California DIC, while things have flattened out there, it’s still – from a returns – just on return perspective, it’s still very good business. So all of these pockets, we do monitor rates each and every month and quarter in all of our classes of business on the insurance side. 
Dom Addesso: I can’t comment specifically, because I’m not sure that we know all the details of those changes at this point, other than to know that we do expect that we’ll have some impact for certain clients and that is, I did mention in my comments that we would expect some increase in demand and frankly that would be one of the reasons that I would expect some increase in demand, but I really can’t give you any specific on what that might be for the industry as a whole.
Dom Addesso: Well, I suppose what could go wrong is that rates are down another 5 to 10 that would be wrong. And that would cause us to continue to make major modification to our portfolio but coming back from the two major industry events, they are certainly mixed thoughts on that subject. But given where we see the industry, where we see the returns, what we see from capital markets perspective, it doesn't look to me as if it should be a market that is continuing to slide dramatically.
Dom Addesso: There I think we have something like $12 million of limits exposed to Volkswagen and we have not heard anything on that.
Dom Addesso: There's a lot to that question. First of all, yes, that’s certainly our plan to continue to have the insurance combined ratio to continue to trend down and we have every expectation that would happen over time. Relative to the early 2000s, well part of that growth was California comp, which actually over the very long time periods of 13 to 15 years that we’re talking about was hugely profitable, yes there were periods were the comp turned into a loss for a period there but if you look at the body of work over that entire cycle, it’s been extremely profitable, probably close to $1 billion of profit in total. The other parts of growth from the insurance base that emanated from the time period that you're referencing was a lot of program business and is decided we’re deemphasizing the growth, our growth is primary coming from the brokerage space, the retail space, where we are underwriting risk by risk and not relying or dependent as much upon growth in the program space. Doesn't mean that we won't continue to do business with great partners in that space, it just means that we’re a lot more selective than we have other way in which to grow the insurance portfolio and by that I mean direct brokerage space, we control the account and you control the underwriting at the desk level.
Dom Addesso: Well as I mentioned in my comments, I certainly expect in the short term given what we expect out of the reinsurance space that is like to be that insurance will become a bigger part of the pie. If you look out over the very long term, I would expect that to be the case as well as we look to rebalance our portfolio. But we don’t have any -- put out any procrastination [ph] about what percentage may or may not be. We frankly take advantage of what the marketplace is giving us in each part of the cycle whether that – and so if pricing is more adequate and very hard market in the reinsurance base and you are likely to see strong growth spurt there. It doesn’t mean that it would necessarily be change our appetite in the insurance side, it’s just a matter of which segment is growing faster than the next due to pricing adequacy.
Dom Addesso: I do think that’s potentially achievable. I don’t know given where pricing is today on the reinsurance side ex-cats whether 13 might be pushing it, but again we don’t forecast our results, but relative to what real rates are I think that’s still a great return, but I do think our target is low teens absolutely.
Dom Addesso: I don’t know that on any line of business that I would fight any historical side. So there are cycles in every segment of our business and I don’t know why California comp would be any different than any other segment of the business.
Dom Addesso: I think that risk is moderate at worst. I think as you look across the industry landscape most enterprises have both an insurance and a reinsurance footprint, even to the point where some more traditional insurance enterprises have started up reinsurance arms. So I don’t see that as much of a threat. And in particular, what we do in the insurance side is mostly specialty lines business. 
Dom Addesso: Well, we’ve already – in our numbers already this year to date we’ve expended some monies to get this project off the ground and certainly Lloyd’s does have slightly higher expense ratio, but given the amount of premium relative to our $5 billion of gross premium across the organization I am not sure that it would -- really make much of a difference.
Dom Addesso: Well, the insurance side, remember, is influenced by crop which does have seasonality to it. To the extent that there is some seasonality that would come from property E&S book to the extent that we have some of that in south-eastern US. They haven't had any major events, so there hasn’t been losses coming from that and again property E&S to the extent that it’s growing and it has been growing in the north-east, could have some impact from winter storms, so yeah, there will be packets of seasonality across the portfolio. John wanted to add something.
Dom Addesso: Now, I understand from the moderator that that was the last question, but because of our interruptions, if there are other questions, we certainly would stand a few minutes. 
Dom Addesso: Thank you very much. And gain, apologies for the connection issues we have had. We appreciate the interest. Again, we think we’ve had an excellent. We’ve had some events, but I think what you’ve seen the way Everest has performed with the scale and diversification of our book, despite those industry losses, we are still able to produce very, very good returns, and I think it’s just a reflection of how we manage our book of business. Thanks again for your interest. 
Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom, and good morning everyone. Everest had another strong quarter of earnings with operating income of $200 million or $4.53 per diluted common share. This compares to operating income of $280 million or $6.12 per share for the third quarter of 2014. On a year-to-date basis, operating income was $755 million or $16.92 per share compared to $812 million or $17.46 per share in 2014. The 2015 result represents an annualized return on equity of 14%. These results reflected a slight increase in the overall current year-to-date attritional combined ratio of 84.2% up from 81.9% for the same period last year. This attritional measure includes a $60 million gross loss estimate for the explosions at the Chinese Port of Tianjin. The estimate was based on a $3.25 billion industry loss estimate for this event. Net income year-to-date was $621 million or $13.92 per share compared to $859 million $18.47 per share in 2014. Net income included $134 million of net after-tax realized capital losses compared to $47 million of capital gains last year or a difference of about $4 per share year-over-year. The 2015 capital losses were primarily attributable to fair value adjustments on the equity portfolio and impairments on the fixed income portfolio. The impairments mainly relate to credit write-downs on energy investments. Since the end of September, the majority of the fair value adjustments on the equity portfolio have already recovered. On a year-to-date basis the overall results reflected gross catastrophe losses of $70 million in 2015 compared to $75 million in 2014. The third quarter of 2015 reflected $40 million of gross current year catastrophe losses related to the earthquake in Chile. This compares to $30 million of cats during the third quarter of 2014. Our reported combined ratio was 85.8% for the first nine months of 2015 compared to 83.7% in 2014. The higher 2015 ratio includes Tianjin loss as well as numerous weather related losses during the year that did not meet our $10 million catastrophe threshold. The year-to-date commission ratio of 21.8% was slightly up from 21.5% in 2014, primarily due to higher contingent commissions. Our expense ratio remains low at 4.8% on a year-to-date basis. Expense dollars are up from 2014, due to new hires and build out of our insurance platform. For investments, pre-tax investment income was $116 million for the quarter and $363 million year to date on our $17.6 billion investment portfolio. Investment income year-to-date declined $33 million from one-year ago. This decrease was primarily driven by the low interest rate environment and by the decline in limited partnership [Technical Difficulty].  This is Craig Howie; I know we were cut off, so I'm sorry if I repeat it, if I’m repeating anything that I’ve previously mentioned but I’m going to start again with taxes. So on income taxes, the overall year-to-date 2015 tax expense $67 million lower than 2014. Mainly due to the 2015 capital losses which reduced income. Operating income does not include capital gains or losses. The 14.8% annualized effective tax rate on operating income is primarily driven by lower than planned catastrophe losses resulting in higher than expected taxable income for the year. A 14% to 16% effective tax rate on operating income for the year is in line with our expectations given our planned cat losses for the remainder of the year. Strong cash flow continues with operating cash flow of $988 million for the first nine months of 2015 compared to $926 million in 2014.  Shareholders’ equity at the end of the quarter was $7.5 billion, essentially flat compared to year-end 2014. This is after taking into account capital returned through $325 million of share buybacks and $126 million of dividends paid in the first nine months of 2015, representing a total return of capital through shareholders of over $450 million so far this year. Book value per share increased over 4% to $173.76 from $166.75 at year-end 2014. Our continued strong capital balance positions us well for potential business opportunities as well as continuing stock repurchases. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide the operations review.
Craig Howie: We do have sufficient capital, we do like to maintain some bid of excess capital. But as I’ve mentioned in previous calls, the rating agencies have increased, particularly S&P has increased their capital requirements, so that excess position has shrunk a bit just based on rating agency actions. 
Craig Howie: The majority of it is in international, our international second. So essentially from our Singapore office but also from our Bermuda operation as well.
John Doucette: And it’s John. I just want to add a couple more things. You mentioned property specifically. We’ve talked about this before, but I think it’s worth repeating. We have one global catastrophe property and catastrophe pricing and accumulation system, which every underwriter around globe, well, insurance, facultative, treaty, IOWs, selling, buying, retro, and products we have talked about before, purple, whether it’s from individual building or it’s a territory, multiple territories or worldwide capacity and we have a view of risk built up by a lot of analytics and a lot – a dedicated cat team that is central and we can look at the relative pricing and the absolute pricing over time and across product irrespective of where it is, what form, what territory and we can allocate capital [Technical Difficulty] .
John Doucette: So, just to finish the thought and again, I apologize if I’m repeating myself. We have one system for globally by product irrespective of the product, every underwriter on their desk has that, it rolls up for real time accumulations, real time pricing, whether it’s insurance, fac, treaty, retro or any other products that we sell. We have a new Chief Underwriting Officer as part of the building out the insurance leadership team, whose job is responsible to make sure we’re getting paid adequately for the risk that we’re taking on a risk adjusted basis. And we continue to have the advantage of the various capital markets, convergence vehicles and structures that allow us to have capital efficiencies for the products that we sell and help the group get the most capital efficiency and the best risk adjusted return.
John Doucette: It varies, it doesn’t boil down necessarily to one answer, but directionally, there are certainly cases of that, yeah.
John Doucette: The second part of your question was the type of growth initiatives and we've been talking about growth initiatives and we've been putting in place a lot of different resources, we've been hiring talent, we've been building the infrastructure on the insurance side and that takes time. We've been talking about that for several quarters and it’s starting to kick in, including in this third quarter and we’re seeing the fruits of the plan and the resources and the labor that we've committed to growing the insurance book. So it's that combined with the seasonality Dom alluded to.
John Doucette: It's -- a significant portion of it is professional liability, D&O, E&O commercial D&O and E&O. We also are -- we will have some reinsurance business that will flow through the syndicate, particularly as our China and perhaps our Australian business because of expense advantages of running it through the platform relative to keeping in on the reinsurance company paper, because particularly changes in China from a regulatory perspective, we won’t have to bricks and mortar in China, that’s one example. We will be granting cover holder status to a number of underwriting units around the globe to utilize the syndicate that will be some sports and entertainment business for example and contingency business that would come into the syndicate generally.
John Doucette: Well, I'm not sure that it is really like costa, custom because with that, it was a salvage situation and that really is what was driving up the cost tremendously. Here, you have frankly complete destruction, my understanding is that the area has been completely levelled and I don't know that because there are discrete values, I think that that would be less of an issue as contrasting with costa. I guess the other question would be maybe the more uncertainly would revolve around any kind of BI, contingent BI claims that might be coming out of it, but again we reserved it at the high end of the range based on the estimates. As I mentioned before in answer to another question, our participation in the region is actually reduced. So we’re feeling comfortable with our pick, but I'm not sure that any movement around that pick is necessarily all that material.
John Doucette: So we have always looked at in terms of pricing and accumulation, all points on the curve to one in ten thousand and beyond, we look at AO, we look at annual occurrence, we look at aggregate, we look at multiple events, we look at things that happen whether it was 2005 or Katrina, Rita, William – Wilma or 2011 with multiple events around the world. So we think about that as we create, manage our book and try to get the best risk adjusted return. In general, [indiscernible] which we think it will increase demand and therefore increase limit that’s going to be purchased potentially by our customers and therefore upward pressure on pricing, that’s a good thing. And we have the capital to support that and – including both our own equity capital and the various hedges that we’ve been talking about for many quarters now that we have put in place. So we think that’s going to put upward pressure and upward demand and we like that. 
