Dominic J. Addesso: We had initially targeted by the end of the year to raise approximately $250 million in outsized capital until. We are about half way there, so we have some capital already deployed at Mt. Logan which would be reflected in the third quarter. Craig can get into the details if you like on how that will run through our financials because perhaps they are may have to consolidate that operation but that’s yet to be determined. But that capital has already been committed to us and that will allow us to expand our writings within the reinsurance operations and then essentially quarter share, some business off to Mt. Logan, but it’s not as you can see it’s not necessarily a material amount.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research: Yeah.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, that would still, it would represent close to 20% to 25%, but yes, we have gotten into crop, we’ve done A&H, professional liability, non-standard auto was now in mix, the California DIC, as well as our E&S operation. So we’ve got a well diversified insurance platform at this point, just in last couple of years, which is we’re quite proud of.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, at a very, very rough estimate you can think about rate level increases particularly in comp and in our general liability classes in a 10% to 15% range. So, essentially that might help you think the 36% versus with that 10% to 15% number.
Dominic J. Addesso: You’re saying that 2013 is higher than just this one transaction.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Well, no. You said that – I thought you had said this was a program that you guys did not, that you had participated in historically and then you didn’t last year. So the delta between 2012 and 2011 or between 2012 and 2013 is really big. So I just figured maybe the better comparison would be 2011, when I would assume then that contractor was in place, comparing that to 2013.
Dominic J. Addesso: No, it earns ratably. I mean there’s no unusual earnings pattern to. It’s just that homeowner business that (inaudible) had over a 12-month period of time.
Dominic J. Addesso: Currently our U.S. catastrophe book represents approximately 50% of the overall worldwide Cat. So not that can change as Joe was describing depending on where the opportunities are, plus or minus 5 points, 10 points, but as we think of it, it’s about approximately half.
Dominic J. Addesso: The property pro rata in Canada and the actual lead cut back in the last couple of years as we didn’t believe that business was rated as healthy as it should be. 
Dominic J. Addesso: The ILW deal wasn’t just us managing the overall portfolio. We liked all the deals that we did, very pleased to do them and increase our margin. But when we got done we had a PML at 1-in-100 and above that was over, what it was a year ago. And we decided we didn’t want that. And so we went to the ILW market, procured a deal that was very, very happy with at, took it back down.
Craig W. Howie: Well, we are keen to buy and that’s why we bought $450 million through the first six months. As I said, that kind of shows the confidence that we have in our portfolio, in our future. We probably will be a bit more cautious in the coming quarter, I mean we have historically through win season been a bit more cautious and I think we will probably take that same position. Now we never forecast and so don’t hold us because we reserve the right to change as conditions change, but probably later in the third quarter and if that all goes well, probably back to more in the fourth quarter, that would be kind of a guess at this point.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research: Okay. That actually is quite helpful. That’s all I have. Thanks.
Craig W. Howie: I recall that what we have been doing is been shorting the duration of our portfolio, so that helps dramatically. And then of course we’ve over the last couple of years, we’ve been reallocating some of our portfolio to a larger equity position, which has obviously helped as rates have been coming down, but obviously the stock market has been rising and that’s helped shield some of that results. As well as our yield floating bank debt, and other areas that have kind of protected the portfolio from the times that were most recently have gone through.
Craig W. Howie: We have our equity position has not in terms of what percentage of our asset base has not changed dramatically, but we do within our equity portfolios, we’ll take profits on certain securities and then reinvest in other opportunities that we think have a better upside. Those not been any material change in our allocation equities.
Craig W. Howie: In some cases we are in particular positions but we continue to look for opportunity in that space. We are not directionally making a major change in our equity allocation.
Craig W. Howie: Now we were once close to $800 million or $900 million in the marketplace, we’re no longer close to that, but it’s growing we’ll probably better than $300 million in the marketplace this year. We continue to get some very good rate increase and I would expect we’ll probably do more business next year than this year.
Craig W. Howie: No, I think our outlook on buybacks is very much the same. It’s going to be clearly part of the mix. It’s been a big part of the mix for six months. I think it will continue to be a big part of the mix going forward. We told you despite not just this contract, but everything that was written in Florida we really didn’t increase the PML at the one in 100 and above. So we didn’t want that volatility, which frankly allows us to be more aggressive with regard to buyback. So it doesn’t really change out outlook on that item.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just last one if I may. Can you just talk about the non-standard auto book? I’m just trying to understand like when we’re looking ahead in that insurance segment, how big is that, how big should that get into, just what sort of run rate are you thinking about in term or should we be thinking about in terms of profitability there? Thanks.
Craig W. Howie: Greg, this is Craig. So as you’ve noticed, the decision that we’ve taken over time is to put up a prudent reserve position and over time we’ve developed some very strong process that we have in place to develop that on a conservative basis going forward. So as you see those growing and you’re seeing that across pretty much all lines in those triangles that we put out, but specifically on the reinsurance side we’re seeing some very favorable development in our internal metrics that we look at, for example, actual versus expected that we look out on a regular basis. But again, the multi-pronged approach that we’ve taken in the past over the last three years to setup this reserve position keeps supporting us in a better position over time.
Craig W. Howie: But I will add that, as you know, the results that we’ve put out, and we are proud of these results, do not include any releases if you will. They’re pure results based on this year and we’re very happy that we have such good results that don’t require the benefit of these releases. As far as the industry and how much more there’s left and what’s to come, we really won’t comment on that. I don’t think that we know any better than anybody else about that. We’ll just talk about ourselves.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, our non-standard auto book was running approximately $30 million a year for us and this year our expectation is that we would be somewhere around $30 million with the expansion hopes into the next year and beyond. That book of business we feel will have at least 10 points of margin in it. So that’s kind of where we expect it to run.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Great. Thank you very much.
Joseph V. Taranto: And Greg, to comment on any specific line or class of business at this point in time in the absence of a full reserve review is a little bit premature for us to get to in the second quarter. So what’s important for us is the overall reserve position. There are going to be ups and downs in any particular class of business, I mean, we monitor close to 200 different reserve buckets and those move up and down over time. But it’s fair to say that as the industry you always get a little more conservative with respect to the longer tail line. So, the longer tail lines require a little bit more conservative reserve position, but that doesn’t mean – so therefore, I guess, by definition, you can say that it there’s any particular classes of the business that you’d be less comfortable with it would be the longer tails, but we still feel that are causally comp and all those classes are well reserved.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, it is about a $1 billion – it’s probably grown from $1 billion in terms of the pure Cat premiums that we have on a worldwide basis. And I would tell you that the portfolio that we have as of the present after the July 1 renewals is probably the best portfolio we’ve ever had in terms of total expected margin dollars going forward. And the ROE on the business that we’ve written, we think is excellent. Yes, we’ve seen more competition for the business recently, some of that in Florida and you’ve heard how we responded to some of that, and we did see somewhere beyond Florida in July. Clearly we have seen more capacity and in the market wise and I not – I don’t necessarily expect that to go away if there is no big losses. But really as I continue to look forward, I expect us to continue to do well. We’ve dealt with competitions for many years. We’ll continue to deal with that for many years to go. I think we have a lot of advantages in terms of our client relationships, the flexibility that we have in terms of the products that we can put together to meet clients needs, the ratings, the ability to move into pro rata or other options if that makes more sense. So yes, there’s been recently more competition and probably that will stay but we’re still putting together deals that we’re very pleased with.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, yes, to be determinative, the pricing change dramatically and we were less enthusiastic about, less than I would expect that we would do less. And probably buy a whole lot of stock more back. And of course we would look for other opportunities to deploy our capital in other lines of business and other business dealing, whether it’s acquisitions or something else. So sure as the world changes, we’ll change, that’s always the way it’s been, that’s always the way it will be.
Joseph V. Taranto: We are a significant player in the Canadian market. We tend to figure ourselves as probably the second or third largest reinsurer there. A bigger proportion of our portfolio relative to maybe some of the others is perhaps more casualty. And also we have not been as strong in that region as some others. So we’ve not put down a lot of capacity in those regions where heavily prone – easily and more readily exposed to flood.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, demand on the casualty side is it is kind of what you’re implying in your question has been relatively weak. But that’s been certainly something we have seen for the last couple of years. Nevertheless, we actually have been writing some new accounts, less so on the larger national type of clients where in that particular case the trend would be for less purchases as they increase retentions and as pricing is going up maybe a bigger better appetite on their end.  But we have written some new business in the casualty space which is growing our portfolio, so it’s real difficult to say what’s happening with the market overall, but I don’t think there is any significant change from the year-ago in terms of buyers appetite. And again, we’re able to put some new business on the books, which were part of our franchises about building out the casualty operations well particularly into a market that where we are seeing some rate increase. In terms of other types of transactions we are only seeing new and different types of transactions, different structures all the time, whether it’s on the property or the casualty side and it’s I made some slight reference – remarks about structured solutions and we’re beginning to see opportunity there. And perhaps there is a slight pick up in where buyers are looking for in that space and we’re participating in that. 
