Juan Andrade: That’s great, Elyse. This is Juan Andrade. Good to hear from you. Let me kick it off in first of all, by saying our operating performance for the quarter was excellent. As I just talked about in my opening remarks, we had significant top line growth. We had underwriting profit, operating income and net income all up meaningfully quarter, generating a 17% operating ROE and a 14% TSR. And I mentioned all of this because we’re just getting started. And so directly to your question, it’s important to understand that the current environment, particularly in reinsurance, is providing us with meaningful margin expansion. We expect to grow rapidly in 2023 as our reinsurance franchise is very scalable. And our combined ratio should continue to improve on the strength of the rate and improved terms and conditions and mix of business. Now directly to your question, I think it’s also important to understand that the earned premium that we saw come through in the first quarter of the year was really mostly from the fourth quarter of 2022, which basically means that as this earns in into the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, it’s going to be earning in at those much higher rate levels that we experienced at January 1 and that we are now experiencing at the April 1 renewals at the same time. So again, I think the timing of this is going to be over the next few quarters for the rest of the year, but I expect this to be very accretive and to have a positive impact on the portfolio. But let me ask Jim Williamson to maybe add a little bit of color just to give you some perspective, particularly on the 4/1.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Mike, this is Juan Andrade. Let me start and then I’ll ask Mike Karmilowicz to add something to this answer as well. Look, I think it all starts with the fact that we do have a structural supply and demand imbalance, that’s taking place in both insurance and reinsurance, frankly, on property cat, right? So on the supply side of things, you have essentially less capacity being deployed by rated companies. You also have less of the ILS capital coming into the market. And on the demand side, we have all the issues that we’ve all lived through together, right? You have inflation, which is putting upward pressure on values, there is volatility in the environment, social inflation and other things. So our ceding partners basically are requiring to buy more insurance, more reinsurance along those lines. So that structural supply and demand imbalance, I think, is really what begins part of the equation. Now Jim has talked about what we have seen on the property side in reinsurance, which is very attractive from a pricing perspective, and we expect to see that through January 1, 2024 maybe beyond. On the primary side, we’re seeing basically the same things. We’re now basically seeing property rates up in the high teens into the 20s. And if you’re in wholesale, it’s plus 30, right? So you’re definitely seeing that. And keeping in mind that we have both a wholesale and a retail channel, we are getting that rate on both sides of the equation. So from our perspective, that also makes a lot of sense for us. Also keep in mind that we have also been derisking the insurance side of our business, not just the reinsurance side. It’s one of the reasons why you don’t see us picking up losses from the spring events in the U.S. Basically, we had $2 million of cat loss in the Insurance segment. So we are seeing pretty significant rate increases on the primary side. We have continued to de-risk and our strategy and property has moved more towards middle market retail than anything else. So all of these things, I think, is what makes it fairly attractive for us. But Mike, maybe you can add a few more...
Juan Andrade: Yes, absolutely. I am happy to start and then I will ask Mike Karmilowicz to jump in. Look, I think there is a few dynamics to keep in mind in international markets. By definition, they tend to be more short-tailed in nature. So, that means that they are going to carry lower ELRs than what we have in North America because of our long tail focus in North America traditionally. So, I think that’s an important thing to keep in mind. When we look at the broad trends though, we see pricing actually to be quite good in places like Europe, Latin America and Asia for that short tail business. And so for us, that remains pretty attractive. And as we were saying earlier, I said in my prepared remarks, one of the great things that we are building right now is really a very diversified global insurance company by geography, by product line and by distribution wholesale retail, which enables us to play and deploy capital where we find the most attractive areas. So, for example, in the U.S. in the quarter, when we see public D&O and maybe workers’ compensation, not as attractive as other lines of business, we can move away from those lines, be cautious as I have said, and deploy that capital into other lines of business, which could be again, short tail property in Europe or in Latin America or even within the U.S., given what I said earlier. But that gives us a sense of how we manage the portfolio to get the most economic benefit for the company.
Juan Andrade: Meyer, I would add just to Mark because I think that was well said. This is one. And I would repeat what I said to Elyse earlier in the call is that our combined ratio should continue to improve on the strength of the rate improved terms, mix of business, everything that Mark was talking about. And you look at the combined ratio that reinsurance had in this quarter, and I think that gives you a starting point.
Juan Andrade: Thank you, and thank you all for being with us today. I think as you can see, our operating performance was excellent in the first quarter. We are off to a strong start, and we are on offense. You have heard some of our commentary here regarding the market and regarding the bullishness. The momentum is strong and our ambitions were high. We are building on our first quarter momentum to continue delivering exceptional value for all of our stakeholders. So, with that, I thank you for your questions, for your time and for the support of the company, and we will see you soon at our second quarter results. Thank you.
Jim Williamson: Yes. Thanks for the question, Elyse. And I think to add some color to what Juan laid out, just want to give you a little more perspective on what we’re actually seeing under the covers, particularly starting with the Jan 1 renewal and then continuing. And a little bit of a view, if you don’t mind, on where we see this market going. As Juan indicated, we had excellent operating performance in Q1, the Jan renewal and really in the lead up to the January renewal which really translated into us having a broad set of opportunities. And when I say broad, I really mean just about every class of business starting clearly with prop cat, but also including casualty, specialty lines, financial lines really in every market around the world. And our growth was very broad-based that way, including our North America treaty business, our international treaty business as well as facultative. And so when you think about us attacking that, clearly, Jan 1 renewal we talked about a plus 50% in North America, plus 40% international on property cat. That continued into the April renewal where we were over 40% in North America, mid to upper 20s internationally, which included markets that started taking rate in 2022. So that was exceptional. At the same time and very important and Mark had touched on this in his opening remarks, we also saw terrific opportunities in both casualty and property pro rata. And so we took those opportunities. And I think our ability to constructively engage our clients and cedents gave us preferred positioning around those opportunities. And what are we seeing? Well, on the casualty side, rate continues to stay ahead of trend. That’s what our clients are experiencing. Ceding commissions are also starting to come down. And so those were terrific opportunities. We leaned into that. On the property side, our view is we’re at the very beginning stages of a major correction in the primary property market. And we will get an opportunity to participate with our clients alongside them on a pro rata basis. And again, a very attractive ceding commission. So that was a meaningful part of our Q1 growth was in pro rata. And then as we go forward, the 4/1 renewal was outstanding, 5/1 renewal a little bit smaller, but also excellent results. And we’re seeing a very consistent theme where property renewals as we go through the renewal period are achieving or exceeding the expected return levels we saw at January 1. And then I’ll end at 6/1 because it is relatively imminent. But our view is that it will be very consistent with that. We think the market will continue to dislocate, we will have incredible opportunities to grow with our best-in-class clients and really allocate our capacity to superior returns. And again, I would expect that to be at or above what we saw at January 1. So all a tremendous amount of really high-quality opportunity that we’re capturing. But to Juan’s point, it is going to take time for that to earn into our portfolio. And you started to see it a little bit in the first quarter. Obviously, the effect of Jan 1 begins to earn in. An important point I would make on that earning is we are also at the same time that we’re attacking this incredible opportunity. We’re also being very prudent on our loss picks. Remember that cat XOL does not get booked at least at Everest with a 0% attritional loss ratio. We are booking a very prudent attritional loss ratio. And our hope, obviously, is that we don’t need those dollars, but we want them to be there in the event that there are attritional cat losses that don’t meet our cat threshold. And so over the next quarter, two quarters, three quarters, you will start to see that become a bigger and bigger part of our portfolio. And that will exert downward pressure on our loss ratio and our combined ratio.
Jim Williamson: Yes. So Yaron, this is Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. I’ll start with reinsurance. So when I look at our loss picks for the first quarter, I’d really indicate a few things. One, within casualty, obviously, we’re always evaluating in a very granular way, our picks even at the subline level. And there were a number of puts and takes within casualty. But the overall casualty loss pick as it earned into the first quarter is very consistent with where we were last year. And our view is we’re continuing to see rate in excess of trend. That’s a good guide. At the same time, it’s a pretty high-risk environment. And so we’re being prudent about that. On the financial line side, that’s for us, in reinsurance, that really means our mortgage portfolio. And again, we saw incredible opportunities in 2022, in particular, with to GSEs, which is a very high-margin business. But again, we’re very prudent in the loss selections there and our loss picks 2023 are exactly the same as our loss picks in 2022 even though we’ve been moving further away from loss. And then lastly, on property, on the XOL side, we do see improving loss picks over last year. But again, we’re still being, I think, relatively prudent and we don’t book cat XOL at zero. We’re just a little under 20 for an attritional loss pick there, which is an improvement over last year.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Yaron, it’s Jim again. Look, I guess the way I would describe that is really in a couple of ways. One, the first thing we do when we’re confronting the breadth of opportunity that I described in the earlier question, is we look to create our own capacity. So a lot of that is moving away from any area of the portfolio where we’re not seeing the expected returns we want. An example of that, which was really a factor in 2022 as we were trimming some of our pro rata portfolios, which do have a heavy amount of premium with them. And then obviously, the second factor, as you described is we are moving further away from loss. And so you do tend to see lower premiums per dollar of exposure, all other things being equal. But what I would also say is all of these things are clearly not equal. The rates online that we’re seeing in our portfolio overall from a cat XOL perspective are up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, even though we’re moving further and further away from loss. So that’s what’s driving what we expect to be a very strong premium growth, both in the first quarter and through the rest of the year. But what I would also say, and I think this is crucial, is our modeled expected profit is growing much faster than our written premium. And that’s because you’re seeing the scissoring of margin expansion happening in those cat XOL treaties, I think that’s a really terrific result and our expectation is, and it’s certainly been proven out. Jan 1, April 1, May 1, we believe June 1 and really through January 1, 2024, we expect that scissoring effect to continue.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Mike, this is Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. Yes, we have seen improved ceding commissions primarily driven on the casualty side, but also on the property pro rata side. Now remember, when we talk about improved ceding commissions, and we mentioned it in our fourth quarter call, when we were talking about the January 1 renewal, we’re giving you indications on a written basis. And so what we had said last quarter, and I would repeat it, is that we’ve seen about 1 point improvement in casualty ceding commissions and a little less than that on property, mainly because properties, ceding commissions were already relatively lean. We found them to be pretty attractive. So that’s on a written basis. Now that’s going to take time, similar to the other comments that we’ve made, particularly when you’re talking about pro rata premium that really earns over 2 years, it takes time for that to be reflected in the financials. So you really haven’t started to see that yet, but we expect it to emerge over the coming quarters.
Jim Williamson: Sure, Brian. It’s Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. Yes, look, I mean, first of all, let me just say that our view on the reform that has occurred is it’s incredibly constructive. I think the fact that the government in Florida was able to get such a broad-based perform past is just excellent work. And we think over time, that will be incredibly healthy for the Florida insurance market and will provide much needed relief for our homeowners there. At the same time, we think it’s going to take time for the effects of that reform to prove itself. We don’t expect the plaintiff bar to sit idly by while the reforms are implemented. And I think it remains a little bit to be seen on exactly what that will mean. And so we’re being very cautious on that. Now we have been a very consistent provider of capacity to the Florida market. And our expectation is that will continue. And our view on pricing, terms and conditions in Florida, for 6/1, we expect really modeled returns to exceed what we saw at Jan 1. So we think 6/1 will be better than Jan 1. The headline rate increases may not be as large because we already took significant rate in ‘22 but the economics of those programs should be outstanding. And so our view is as long as that has proven to be true, we will continue to deploy a similar level of capacity to that market than we did in prior year. Now in terms of our participation, we’re almost exclusively an XOL market in Florida. We do have a couple of targeted quota share deals, but they are a relatively small part of the portfolio. And I don’t really expect that mix to change.
Jim Williamson: Yes, sure, Brian. It’s Jim again. Yes. So, on the Turkey quake, a couple of things, one, our loss was $70 million for the Turkey quake. And what I would describe to you in terms of that market is we have been a long-term participant in the Turkey cat market. We have earned outstanding returns in that market, similar to the things that we have done in other parts of our portfolio, that were coming in over the last 2 years, we have really significantly reduced our participation in Turkey, primarily in our quota share treaties, which we have cut back significantly. But we are still an XOL player. We have made a lot of money. Even after this event, our profit position is very strong and the return profile is very good. The other thing that I would indicate on that $70 million losses, if you were to compare what happened in Turkey versus what happened, say, in the U.S. in the first quarter, I think it’s an important contrast to point out. That Turkey quake was probably something like a 1 in 50 events. You have 50,000 people killed in Turkey alone, another 10,000 in Syria is a huge human tragedy, our view is that is a real cat loss. And that’s where Everest and its value proposition is meant to be called to help that country recover. And I would contrast that with the U.S. storms in the first quarter, which really, in our view, should be an attritional event for the primary market. And you saw that play out in our portfolio. So, that gives you a sense of how we are playing those dynamics and really focusing on leveraging our capacity, we are getting high return and also where you have actual cat losses.
Jim Williamson: Sure, Elyse. This is Jim Williamson, great question. So, first of all, we do see tremendous opportunity, and we are leaning into that, and we have selectively deployed incremental capacity, always within the defined appetite of the group, and we have talked a number of times about our willingness to put both our earnings and capital at risk, and we have plenty of room within that defined appetite to maneuver, and that’s certainly what we have been doing. The other thing that I would say that’s a repeat of what you have heard from me in the past, but we always start with creating our own capacity. In any portfolio, there is good, better and best deals. And I can tell you the good deals are not getting capacity anymore. It’s really moving to the best deals. And so what that’s allowed us to do is selectively expand available capacity. What does that mean, that means gross PMLs go up modestly. It wasn’t a huge move, as you saw 1/1 when we printed our PMLs. I expect that trend to kind of play out through the rest of this year. As I indicated earlier, if 6/1 meets our expectations for pricing and terms, I expect total capacity deployed to be consistent with last year, which I think will produce meaningful increases in premium even more meaningful increases in expected profit, very modest or no real change in PMLs. And then as you roll through the rest of the year, I would expect, again, modest increases in gross PMLs, with even larger increases in premium and profit. So, that should give you a view. I don’t expect a wild move on the PMLs by any stretch of the imagination.
Mark Kociancic: Elyse, it’s Mark. Good morning. So look, we have the one bump in the medical stop loss this quarter. It’s roughly $15 million charge. We are confirming, and I mentioned it in my script in the prepared remarks, 91% to 93% combined. So we feel very good about the margin that we’re adding, the growth that we’re adding both domestically and globally. So I think the attritional loss ratio is showing good improvement, definitely sustainable with the margins that we have, and we feel confident about remaining in that 91% to 93%.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. Meyer, it’s Mark. Good morning. So look, on the reinsurance side, we have got a great rate environment right now. And I think Jim articulated a lot of the points that are behind that. We have clearly got loss experience, supply-demand factors impacting capacity, and our Q1 results are really demonstrating some solid growth. And our reinsurance franchise is very scalable, so we are able to take advantage of that. I think the rate is well established. We define that quite a bit in our press release and in our opening remarks. And you are going to see property I think, become a larger component of our combined ratio over time, we are still using prudent loss picks no matter what, because you do have the loss experience of the past cannot go down to the bottom line that quickly, but it is shorter sale business on the property side. So, we would expect to realize margin notwithstanding the loss experience of the current year over time. So, I think what we have got is fairly meaningful strength underpinning our combined ratio going forward. So, as you see the net earnings earning out with the increase of 2023 premiums, whether it’s the pro rata side or the excess of loss with this strong rate environment, the shift towards more property versus casualty and the combined ratio. I think you will see improvements in the combined ratio within reinsurance specifically. And we definitely see the margin expansion through the renewals, and we know that’s going to filter down through the combined ratio over time. So, I see this combined ratio question kind of solving itself through actual results in the coming quarters on an improved basis.
Mark Kociancic: Yaron, it’s Mark speaking. So, it’s a standard accounting convention to earn pro rata on what’s called an 8s basis, so over an eight-quarter period of time. And it’s not a multiyear treaty. It’s definitely a 1-year treaty, but your cedents are obviously producing business throughout the year, so they could produce premium, for example, in December, and it takes time to earn that out. So, the premium recognition or earnings is really standard in the business for pro rata and it’s earned on an 8s basis. And in the first quarter, without getting too technical, you have kind of a slow ramp-up because you would essentially start that earnings really at the midpoint of the first quarter, the 45th day of a 90-day quarter and then it ramps up over time throughout this eight-quarter period. And so you have got last year’s pro rata, whether it’s property or casualty, still learning into the ‘23 earned, for example, you got the ‘23 writings earning out. And so that shift will occur through the year, combined with whatever the loss picks are and the weighting for those specific segments.
Mark Kociancic: Well, I will break it into two parts, so corporate and underwriting. So, on the corporate side, look, we have two components. The largest of which is really interest expense. We have a meaningful component of floating rate debt through the FHLB and then a floating rate sub debt and that’s based on three-month sulfur. And so that increased, I would say, roughly $3 million a quarter on the run rate versus, say, Q1 of last year. I think that stabilizes for ‘23. It’s difficult to see sulfur moving that much this year. So, I think what you see in Q1 will hold for the remaining of the year, potentially go down if sulfur goes down. Corporate expenses, I think last year’s run rate of approximately $16 million a quarter is a pretty good run rate for this year. So, I see pretty good stability, generally speaking, for the corporate side. On the underwriting, two pieces, reinsurance, insurance. So, I think on the reinsurance side, we feel good about our expense ratio in general, you see a slightly elevated number in Q1 really for platform expenses for the most part. But I think somewhere in the 2.6%, 2.7% expense ratio type area is a good number for reinsurance in 2023. On the insurance side, we see that elevating a bit into the mid-15% area. We started off the year at a 15.9%, and I think that’s a combination of two things talent acquisition and then a bit on the platform expense as we are building out and scaling our operations in internationally and also domestically, but we are adding meaningful talent, especially at a senior level globally within the insurance franchise. So, I think that will pay off over time, but you do pay for it early on in terms of the expense load. I would point out a couple of things. So one, we feel – we still feel very good about the technical ratio and insurance profitability that’s coming in from the commission and ELRs on that standpoint. And hence, my comments in the prepared remarks of affirming our assumption of 91% and 93% combined for the insurance division as a whole. So, we see a bit of a mix here in terms of elevated underwriting expense, but still good on 91% and 93% based on sound fundamentals of diversified businesses and the good margin that we are seeing in that business. And I think you will also see a pretty good growth rate in the – for the remainder of the year. Typically, we start seasonally with a lower production in Q1 for insurance, and then it tends to ramp up Q2, Q4, in particular. So, we do feel that there will be some economies of scale occurring as the division grows even more.
Mark Kociancic: That’s – look, Elyse, that’s – it’s a difficult question to answer. Let me frame it with a few of the components that will be taken into consideration. So, I mentioned to you the composition of the business itself. So we do see property coming in stronger. And I think both Juan and Jim really articulated the level of rate increase that we are seeing. I think the growth is self-evident. You are seeing very strong rate. Jim is talking about risk-adjusted returns that are significantly higher. So, we believe the margins there are superior, really, really good. On the flip side, you are still seeing significant casualty growth, especially on the pro rata, and we are using prudent loss picks there because we are in an elevated risk environment. We are getting paid to take that risk. And so you got a mix of business that is still meaningfully impacted by casualty. And so those are the kind of factors that mix and then the rate itself, which we feel good about, that are going to determine that over time, not to mention whatever the loss experience. But again, the fundamentals are great. This is truly a generational hard market, in particular. For reinsurance property, we are just getting started. We love our positioning and the ability of our franchise, how we are globally positioned to take advantage of it and really be selective and adding value to our clients in this process. So, I think that combined ratio will solve itself based on the sound fundamentals.
Mark Kociancic: Mike, it’s Mark. So look, we feel very good about our positioning in this market, our ability to execute our plan. We have got the franchise on a global basis. We are a leading reinsurance market. So, I think the platform is clearly well demonstrated to meet this opportunity. We have got a lot of financial flexibility, and I will just leave it that we are always exploring and evaluating our market opportunities and our capital structure to make it better.
