James Williamson: Yes, Yaron. This is Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. Maybe to set a little bit of the stage, I'd like to add some color around 1/1 to add to the comments that you heard from Juan and Mark because I think it's an important context when we're talking about PMLs. And to reiterate what Juan said, it was simply an outstanding renewal. We executed with incredible precision and achieved a number of important objectives in the renewal that really resulted in a step change in the risk-reward equation for Everest. As you heard, we received significant rate increases in our U.S. property CAT business on the order of 50%. We essentially improved every metric that we use to measure our CAT portfolio. Our average attachment points were up. Our attachment probabilities were down. Despite all of that, rate online increased. Our expected combined ratio dropped materially. Our expected ROE increase materially. Our expected loss in dollars went up slightly, as we deployed incremental capacity to targeted clients. And our dollars of expected profit per dollar of expected loss increased very meaningfully. Similar factors played out in our international markets, where rate increases significantly overachieved expectations as we were coming into the end of the year. And on average, our international markets took 40 points of rate including over 30 points of rate in the U.K., which hasn't seen a major CAT loss in decades. So simply put, on the property CAT side, it was a fantastic 1/1. And I think we expect those conditions to play out through the remainder of this year and into next year. So just exceptional. And so when you think about the resulting PMLs of that, what I would share with you is the comparison you always want to be making is quarter-to-quarter because what you're looking at is an analysis of our in-force book. And what I would -- the way I would characterize our PML movement is the PMLs that we publish were essentially flat. And you see some ups and downs in those PMLs on a net basis, they were essentially flat. And that translates into more deployment of some gross capacity, offset by improved AUM in Mt. Logan, and that gets you to a roughly flat P&L picture. My expectation is we'll probably remain in that sort of territory. We feel really good about our ability to get those incredible economics without really having to stretch the CAT appetite. And as you'll see in the investor presentation in terms of where we are in our earnings and capital at risk measures, we continue to trade well within our defined range, which we're very comfortable with. So it's really the best of all worlds where we're able to get rate that improves economics, overcomes the inflationary factors that you see in the market and do it while maintaining our risk position in a pretty stable manner. So really could not be happier with the results we achieved.
James Williamson: Yes. No, Brian, it's Jim. I think that's spot on. I think clearly, what you've seen is a situation, particularly as we came into 1/1, where it took the primary market a little while to start to adjust to what was coming in terms of insurance rates. And our primary insurance business has been very disciplined on their portfolio management. And in some ways, that's freeing up capacity and thereby capital that we were able to very effectively deploy in reinsurance at 1/1. And that's, I think, really brings to life that dynamic capital allocation that Juan is mentioning. And we are very nimble that way, and it allows us to really achieve best-in-class returns.
James Williamson: Sure, Meyer. This is Jim Williamson. It is a very important point. And actually, I think the fourth quarter gives us a little bit of a demonstration of that because we began a lot of these strategies really long before 1/1 '23. And if you think about how we execute in 1/1 '22 and the actions that we told you we were taking, it was all about moving away from lower-performing programs, particularly pro rata deals; moving away from high volatility structures, particularly around retro, around aggregate programs; making sure that we were deploying capacity where risk-adjusted returns warranted it, which is why we withdrew some capacity at 1/1 '22 and then started deploying it back into the market as conditions improve. And what does that do? For losses like -- what happened in the fourth quarter with Elliot. In our view, losses like that should be primarily retained by seeds. That's really not a type of loss that should be a fundamental loss to the reinsurance market. And you saw our Q4 CAT loss for reinsurance was relatively small, $10 million. And that is the type of loss we want for events like that. So that gives you a sense of how we think our book will perform over time. So if in 2023, there's a number of, what we would call, frequency CATS the $1 billion, $2 billion events, our expectation is our participation in those events will be lower than they would have been prior to 1/1 '23 because the average attachment point moved up our cedings are going to be retaining more of those losses net into their portfolio, which is where those losses belong. And that allows us to really preserve our capacity for major industry events, which is one of the products designed for. So that should give you a flavor of how we expect the portfolio to perform.
James Williamson: Yes, Meyer, this is Jim. I'll start and then turn it over to my colleague, Mike Karm. Yes, so we did see really excellent results in our casualty renewal as well. Obviously, a lot of attention being paid to property and rightfully so. But we enjoy a premier position with many of our seats on their casualty portfolios, and we participated in this cycle of market hardening over the last few years by taking increasing share of casualty programs for those core clients, mainly on a pro rata basis. And one of the things that's happened is all that margin is getting accreted in the primary market as you've seen ceding commissions go up, we think that made sense. It was a reasonable trade. It was still resulting in more margin for us. So we like that. What we're starting to see now is still very attractive opportunity. We did continue to participate very meaningfully at 1/1 in the programs I'm describing. In fact, in a number of cases, we increased participation and I think, grew our portfolio in a really nice fashion. But what we also saw is obviously the amount of margin expansion in the primary market is narrowing a bit. And so we started to see ceding commissions certainly leveling off. I really only have full -- a small handful of instances where they continue to increase, and that was usually when they were already below market to begin with. What we saw mostly was a modest improvement in average ceding commissions across the portfolio, and we think that's justified. And our expectation is that, that phenomenon of moderating ceding commissions will continue to play out as we go forward. So with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
James Williamson: Sure. Yes. Elyse, this is Jim Williamson, and I'll provide you some of that color. And maybe at the risk of repeating some of what I said, but I do think it's really critical. If you think about our objectives coming into renewal were pretty straightforward, and they're very similar to what we focused on last year. Continue to optimize the portfolio and move away from underperforming programs; control volatility, particularly around how we structure deals and for that -- for us, that means mainly avoiding aggregate structures and minimizing the amount of capacity we have deployed at really high return probability layers like the 1 in 3 type of player, that's not really where we want to be playing. And then ensuring that we're moving capacity to the best-in-class programs. And that same phenomenon that we've consistently executed through 2022 played out in January 1. And so we were able to take capacity from, let's say, the bottom tier of our programs and reallocate it to the best opportunities in the market. We did it with significant rate increases as Juan and I have mentioned 50% in the U.S., 40% in international markets. As you mentioned, there was also significant movement in terms and conditions. In particular, in the U.S., a significant portion of our deals are on -- now on a named peril only basis. We've also eliminated write-backs of exclusions on a number of areas that will over time result in better economics. And so the heart of your question of what does that mean for the portfolio in practical terms? Obviously, every year will present us with a different set of actual catastrophes. And so as opposed to looking back, what I would tell you, how I would expect the portfolio to perform is that frequency pass, which have really been deviled the reinsurance industry, will increasingly be retained by our customers. So we're getting a lot more rate to now focus on the types of losses that reinsurance was designed to cover in the first place. We would also expect for major losses that similar to what happened with Hurricane Ian, and we're very thoughtful about how much of a share of the major losses that we want to be taking, and I would expect that to look quite good as well. And then lastly, what I would say for all of this, we have a meaningful increase in the amount of cat premium available to pay these losses and still make a strong return. So hopefully, that gives you the color that would help you to triangulate what is an excellent expected return position as we move through 2023.
James Williamson: Yes, Mike, this is Jim Williamson. Thanks for the question. I mean clearly, ILS has been a dislocated market coming into 1/1. And for many of the reasons that have affected everyone participating in this market, there have been a lot of CAT losses over the last few years. And I think, particularly around the margins, you had a lot of investors participating in ILS vehicles and maybe didn't quite understand or weren't quite prepared for the prospects of having multiple years in a row of CAT activity, which is not uncommon. These clusters happen. And so that has definitely, I think, put a number of investors in a position where they're on pause. You also have, obviously, the phenomena from those CAT losses, there's a lot of trapped capital that is just sidelined no matter what rates, terms and conditions are doing, they just can't deploy that capacity because it's preserved against prior events. And so that has definitely created and helped to contribute to a capacity crunch in our industry. Now from our perspective, that affects us in two ways. On the one hand, in our primary reinsurance business, our balance sheet reinsurance business, if you will, we're seeing all the phenomenal results that we've talked about plus 50, U.S. property CAT pricing plus 40 international terms and conditions getting better attachment points rising. And that's all happening because there's more demand for reinsurance capacity than there is supply. And part of the reason that's occurred is because of the crunch in ILS. The second thing that it does is it makes it a little more challenging for us to raise funds in Mt. Logan because investors are sidelined or they have trapped capital. In terms of that trade, we'll take that trade all day long. Driving improvement in our core reinsurance business is our first priority. And it also inures to the benefit of our Mt. Logan investors who are consistently invested in the ILS space, they get better returns as well. So we like that. At the same time, what I would say is, we have been getting traction in Logan. We did raise money in 1/1. And the team is doing an excellent job of conveying our value proposition to potential investors. And in particular, unlike a lot of other vehicles in the market, our investors get the same results that Everest gets. We're not making money when they're not making money. So that's a real focus of ours. And I think that's very compelling. We have a strong pipeline of investor interest, and our expectation is that Mt. Logan will grow over the course of time, and that's a key priority for us.
James Williamson: Yes. Sure, Ryan. Yes, it's Jim, obviously. Look, it's an important question. And so I'm going to give you a few threads that I think really help describe what's happening in the portfolio. So obviously, and I can't restate it enough, exceptional execution at 1/1 which really followed on really strong execution in 2022, as we reposition the portfolio and rightsized our CAT risk for our company and a go-forward and sustainable basis, and that's really critical work. What I would do, if you want to think about movement of P&L, first of all, I wouldn't look at it on a year-over-year basis. Too much has changed since 1/1 '22. I'd really look at our more recent PMLs, whether you want to pick 10/1 or 7/1. And I think that shows what is essentially a flat profile of PML deployment at a variety of return periods, whether it's 1 in 20 or 1 in 250, 1 in 250 is down by about $50 million from 10/1. 1 in 20 is essentially the same number, it's down by $5 million. And so that gives you some sense of what we expect. What I would say in terms of the balance of where CAT losses have been going in the industry is, it's not so much that what percent is the 1-in-3 event versus the 1-in-20 event. It's where are you getting appropriately paid? Where are you getting reasonable risk-adjusted returns? And so for us, our portfolio has shifted clearly toward the areas where risk-adjusted returns are strong and warrant the risk we're taking. And that's the 1 in 20 to 1 in 250 range. We feel really good about that. The other thing to keep in mind that's been happening against the backdrop of all this is the discipline required in the underwriting and the terms and conditions to ensure that you're inflation loading, your programs appropriately. Those are all things which will also over time and order the benefit of our portfolio. Now obviously, the actual result is going to be highly dependent on which events occur. But if we have a year where you have a couple of large events, but you also have a frequency of smaller CATS, we think our portfolio will perform better now -- meaningfully better now than it would have a year ago and that's because of all the actions we take in the rate all the improvements we've made. So hopefully, that gives you some perspective on how to interpret those PMLs.
James Williamson: Yes. Sure. Yes, Ryan, it's Jim again. Yes, we feel very good about it. I mean, obviously, it seems like it was a long time ago, but it's still relatively early. As you've seen, there have been puts and takes in the industry in terms folks adjusting their view of what their ultimate loss is going to be in terms of our clients' scenes, and so we're watching that very closely. A key thing to keep in mind, which we communicated in the last quarterly call when we talked about Ian is in terms of any upside risk to the numbers we've put up, we feel very good about that because of the protection that we received from our cap-on program. As we had indicated, in the last call, we have about $350 million of potentially exposed cap-on limit, which will engage if PCS reaches $48.1 billion in their estimate. They're currently at $47.4 million and we'll recover on a pro rata basis up to $64 billion or $63.8 billion. So we don't really have any kind of material concern about upside to that number, whether it ultimately there's a good guy in there, it's going to take quite a bit of time for that to play out, but we're watching it very closely.
Juan Andrade: Yaron, this is Juan Andrade. Look, what I would echo is a couple of things. I mean if you look at the 20% net income ROE that we generated in the fourth quarter, 19% operating ROE, which, again, it's an excellent result, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, particularly in the market environment that we're in right now. In addition to that, you layer the amount of rate that Jim and I just talked about, over 50% on U.S. CAT XOL, over 40% in our European businesses, et cetera. You talk about the terms and conditions that I referred to earlier in my remarks, which are also significant changes. And all of this is very much accretive to our portfolio. In addition to that, you also look at the work that has been done on the primary insurance side and just the margin improvement that we've been able to drive through 2022. So all of that leads you to a place that I say, we're in a good place. And I would not be surprised if we end up being on the better end of that range.
Juan Andrade: Yes. For us, we're expecting to do another Investor Day towards the end of this year. And at that point, we will be updating our numbers and our financials. This will be the third year of our three year numbers that we put out there initially back in 2021.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Look, I think by then, we're going to have a pretty good idea of how the environment is shaping. But I think, Brian, if you go back to, again, in my prepared remarks, we just renewed 53% of the reinsurance book at very attractive terms. And as I said in my comments, we also expect that 4/1, 6/1 and 7/1 will continue to be very favorable for the reinsurance industry. So I think that also gives us a pretty good idea as to where that might be shaping. In addition to that, I would also say on the primary side, we also would expect pricing to continue to improve, as I mentioned in my remarks, and frankly, we already saw some of that in the fourth quarter, right, where we saw commercial auto, property and general liability make some significant improvements quarter-over-quarter on the pricing. We're in a heightened risk environment. You've got pressure from the reinsurance hard market. And so I would expect that all of these things will lead to a very good trajectory on the growth. But yes, we will be providing additional guidance later in the year when we do our Investor Day.
Juan Andrade: Yes. No, that's a great question, Brian. One of the terms that we like to use inside our company is that we do quite a bit of dynamic capital allocation. So this is, frankly, a fundamental discipline that we have with our enterprise risk management framework. On a very regular basis, we're essentially looking at by line of business, where we're coming in against expected returns, et cetera. And so that's how we start deciding who gets the capital. What we do not do is peanut butter this around the company, right? So we will look at the market opportunity. We look at where we think we can get the best economics, the best risk adjust good returns, and that's essentially how we deploy the capital. And it's an important point because I think you heard both me and Jim Williamson talk about the precision with which 1/1 was executed. And I think it's important to step back to understand that in order to get to the heart of your question. And it's the fact that we have pretty good control of our business around the world. So we are able to decide whether we're going to deploy more capital in the U.S. versus in the Continental Europe versus in Asia versus Latin America, depending on the market conditions. And we apply that same rigor across the segments, whether it's in primary insurance or whether it's on the reinsurance side of things. And that's ultimately how we make those decisions. But I would invite either Jim or Mark to maybe provide some additional comments on that as well.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Meyer, this is Juan. I think look, just to round out the answer, I think at the end of the day, bottom line is we saw improvement in cede commissions in this renewal.
Juan Andrade: Elyse, and this is Juan. Let me piggyback on Jim's answer and because I think he was quite thorough. And I would point you back to that 20% ROE that we just talked about for the fourth quarter. And then we put it in perspective, right, because while we don't give specific guidance on what we think the ROE outlook is going to be for the coming year, we still generated double-digit ROEs despite the industry facing a top 5 catastrophe year. And I think you got to put those results in the context of all the activities that we have been talking about really over the past three years on how we have been managing this company, reducing the volatility, being very disciplined in portfolio management, being very disciplined with where we deploy our capital. And with the material improvements that we achieved at 1/1 that we just talked about and that we expect to expand upon in the coming renewals, we expect that steady improvement to continue. And so I would say all signs point to a significantly improved risk-adjusted return across the portfolio. So just a little bit more color on that.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Greg, this is Juan Andrade. I would add a couple of thoughts because I think that was well said by Mike. Look, I think at the end of the day, there's a couple of key factors. One, we're highly diversified within the Primary Insurance division. And so that means that we can find opportunities in the market where they exist. And as Mike pointed out, it's always about profitability. So for instance, is you're not seeing a good environment for financial lines right now, but you're seeing a very good environment for things like property, casualty still and other lines of business. So that allows us to essentially pick our spots and be able to do that. The other point that I don't think can be underestimated is really the agility of our company. And I mentioned that in our prepared remarks, our ability to be able to pivot. We're pretty lean, we're pretty entrepreneurial, we have great relationships with our distribution, and we have a lot of good talent in this company. And all of these things are basically what enable us to continue the momentum that you have seen from us really over the last number of years.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you all for your questions and the excellent discussion this morning. This is Juan Andrade. I am very optimistic about the opportunities ahead and our ability to continue driving a world-class platform. Our strategy is clear. Our businesses are growing with strong resilient portfolios, and we have an attractive risk-return profile. This is all underpinned by our strong culture, which is an increasingly significant competitive advantage. We will expand on this foundation to accelerate our progress and create increased value for our investors, colleagues and clients around the world. Thank you for your time with us today and for your continued support of our company. I look forward to speaking with all of you again when we discuss our first quarter 2023 results. Thank you.
Mark Kociancic: Good morning, Elyse, it's Mark. So we have a strategic asset allocation table that we're pretty disciplined with. And it allows us flexibility to move between asset classes, whether it's on the fixed income side, private equity, public equity, private credit, et cetera, et cetera. So tactically, we had a large reduction of the equity portfolio in the fourth quarter, shifted into other assets that we felt were more attractive, but still consistent with that strategic asset allocation that we've been focused on since the 2021 Investor Day. So we will probably move around a bit in 2023, but stay disciplined to that SAA.
Mark Kociancic: Yes. Good morning. It's Mark. So let me get into that just in a few ways. The process itself is year-round. And so we're looking at reserves throughout the year, performing reserve studies. It's quite comprehensive in terms of aligning, underwriting, pricing, reserving claims in the course of that process. So you've got many different stakeholders involved. And then it's quite ground up in terms of the analytics that go into it. And then I'd bring you back to principles that we set out back in 2020 about setting up prudent loss picks holding them in a disciplined fashion over time until we see a seasoning in the different lines of business. And for us, those are kind of a ground up rules and processes that we use to evaluate. Now in terms of what we did in Q4, I mentioned the asbestos and environmental reserves strengthening. So we've got roughly $20 billion of carried net reserves. We strengthened that by 138. We had some offsets, favorable offsets coming from shorter tail line and we had smaller, more marginal adjustments, pluses and minuses in both segments, but nothing approaching the 138 in the process. So overall, we feel very solid in terms of our loss position. And we obviously take into account macro factors like loss inflation by making sure that we've got prudent loss picks in our reserves. And then we do dynamic modeling. And I think one of the benefits that we have in our company is really the diversified nature of the lines of business that we have and the reserve profile that we have. There is no single emphasis on one class, and that diversification helps to absorb any potential volatility that might come from loss inflation factors, in general. So that gives us, I think, just a better mix or diversification of reserves to handle these types of issues.
Mark Kociancic: Mike, it's Mark. So a few points here. I do think we've got ample capital to take on the opportunities of 2023, and it includes more than just the traditional balance sheet. You're looking at what we call our capital shield, so Logan ILWs, CAT bonds, et cetera. Operating leverage, there's definitely more room on the balance sheet to expand that leverage. I think one of the key points to keep in mind is really the risk-adjusted return profile is improving. So you're seeing exposure being managed thoughtfully and the rate and the expected return go up significantly. And that's one of the key points that I think allows us to expand that operating leverage. We're also fairly well diversified with multiple income streams. And so I do expect the net income projections for the year to provide significant retained earnings to support growth. And we'll see how that growth comes about because there are other levers that we can pull if the opportunities in the market are even more significant than what we think they could be. But just in terms of your buyback comment, look, it's always on the table. We can pull that lever, but this is the best market we've seen in a generation. And so the value creation that comes out of the organic growth plan that we've got and the fact that we're ready for it in terms of balance sheet, teams, franchise, the whole ball of wax, you couldn't have a better alignment. So I think you'll see us really attack this opportunity in 2023 full borne. So I'll leave it there.
