Dom Addesso: Thank you, Beth and good morning to all. We are pleased to provide our final report for the 2016 year, where we closed the year with a record fourth quarter and an industry leading 13% ROE for the year. There are many moving pieces in those results, which my colleagues will take you through. But let me highlight a few key themes. In the quarter and a year that saw a heightened level of cat activity relative to the prior year, yet the overall impact of these events was easily absorbed into our results, given the benefits of our diversified global platform that provides for premium across many geographies and lines. Notably, we reached a new high this year with over $6 billion of gross premium written. In addition, we realized the benefit of sizable reserve redundancies this quarter, a reflection of our conservative reserving practices, which we have been pointing to for some time now. While we had sizable reserve releases from our reinsurance portfolio, our insurance portfolio did experience some unfavorable loss reserve development. But this was largely isolated to construction defect claims arising out of runoff books of business. The size of the charge this year reflects our best effort to fully fund these liabilities and put this behind us. We also topped up our asbestos reserves. This reserve addition was not the result of any change we have experienced in the underlying claims, but rather reflects a reallocation of reserves to the segment that is fraught with uncertainty. Despite all these reserve movements, the net result was a positive $209 million to full year earnings. As a result of these reserve savings and frankly many other important factors, our core operations have done very well as you will note in the numbers. Overall, reinsurance generated an underwriting gain of over $900 million, bettering last year’s number by almost $40 million. While it is a challenged market from a rate perspective, as seen in the top line, we continue to expand our product set, shifting our risk appetite to achieve better risk-adjusted returns. These achievements are not one-off. There is a consistency to our performance relative to the market where our returns on capital have measurably outperformed. Albeit while returns are creeping down as a result of market conditions, I think it is pretty clear that the overall market will reach its breaking point before us. In the insurance front, we remain extremely satisfied with our progress. Premium growth, excluding our crop business, which was sold earlier this year, has been in excess of 20% due to new product and business launches. The benefits of these increased writings have not yet been fully captured due to the lag in earned premium. The underperformance in 2016 reflects this lag in earned premium and its impact on the expense ratio as well as the reserve adjustments I previously mentioned. However, we remain confident that the new business that will come through earnings in the year to come will outperform the historical record. Why this optimism in such a tough market for both reinsurance and insurance? First, the inevitable law of gravity and the race to the bottom, that is one race we don’t intend to win and already have shown we are far behind. Based on industry returns relative to cost of capital, the race is almost over. That race includes third-party capital, where our future of higher investment rates will cause those markets to raise their targets. Second, the scale of our organization and scope of our relationships allows us the opportunity to selectively grow and introduce our new products and businesses. And finally, great people in a culture that inspires smart underwriting and risk selection with an eye towards being creative and entrepreneurial in everything we do, a lean organization that allows us to be nimble and quick to the right trade in the most expense-efficient rate possible. These are the qualities we continue to emphasize and that will continue to generate market leading returns. Thank you, and now to Craig for the financial highlights.
Dom Addesso: This is Dom. Thank you for your question. I think each year, when we have examined these portfolios we have been booking to what I would call the expected results from our actuarial review. And as Craig or someone else could comment on what we are actually booking at to, I don’t know if your question was on loss ratio question, which I don’t really think is relevant, but perhaps this answers it. This year, after undertaking that reserve review, frankly we asked ourselves the same question. We don’t want to be sitting here next year and the year after and taking another charge, of course what drove the higher estimate this year was just an increase of frequency and severity. So hopefully, comeback in this year we selected the upper range of the actuarial estimates. So therefore, we have some confidence that it’s ever an absolute, but of course therefore we have some confidence that they should be behind us. And again, keep in mind this is in the overall context of overall reserve position. And I know it sounded like a broken record, but when we have over 200 different reserve buckets and what we are most concerned about is our overall reserve adequacy at the balance sheet level, because this is clearly a run off business, this not a concern over our existing portfolio. And as evidenced by the reserve release we have this year in addition to other years, you can see that our overall reserve position is solid and in fact was redundant. So that’s what we are most concerned about. But to answer your more specific question, this year we run a little higher in the range to give ourselves the comfort that we can hopefully put this to bet.
Dom Addesso: Well, what we have been trying to – the message we have been trying to make sure everyone understands is that this is a book of business that is not dependent upon property cat business. And of course what you have seen in our margins has been some shift in the attritional and the shift in the attritional still we are getting improvements as a result of new products that we offer. So as John Doucette highlighted in his comments, diversifying it to different product lines and geographies and more importantly product lines, so for example, take credit reinsurance more specifically, mortgage reinsurance, those obviously are carrying much lower loss ratio fits and better combined ratios. So that’s helping to offset some of the declines and actually business that we will let go in the more traditional areas. So we are not necessarily seeing any dramatic change in our attritional going into ‘17.
Dom Addesso: No, nothing has changed, Elyse. And part of the reason that you didn’t see us do anything last quarter, fourth quarter was the fact, that we had Hurricane Matthew sitting out there and clearly, we had information, more precise information so we become a little reluctant to we buy in shares given the fact that there is major events hanging out there that we are not clear as to what the final outcome will be. So that’s what was driving that, but certainly, there has been no change in our, the way we manage capital. We have a very good long-term track record of doing so that of course gets balanced with what we see as the future business opportunities and the need for capital. And I think we have been, yes, we buy in less than earnings, growing our capital base because we continue to see new opportunities. And that’s – and we look at this from a very long-term perspective. It’s not just any one year, any one quarter for sure. And we will look out to more than just where are our projections are for book value currently or the current book value, we will look out six months or so to determine where our threshold might be for buying in stock. So essentially, it’s a long way of saying, no change in our philosophy on how we think about capital management.
Dom Addesso: Yes. Kai, I mean I have – for several years now that we have taken a more conservative view of picking the current loss year, in terms of big loss ratio. And that’s frankly driven out of some of uncertainties as do – in the current market conditions an increased level of uncertainty. But that of course has resulted in some of those older years coming in part of the and positively. And that’s – it was a good thing. What we tend to do is we handle the casualty and the property. We hold a couple years on casualty studies and we hold less years on the property side. So this release reflects the release from a few years ago from accident years a few years ago. And that will – that is kind of the process that we go through and we will continue to go down that path. And our – we still continue to feel that our current reserve position is very strong and adequate. And I can’t sit here and give a prediction as to what the level of reserve releases are not, might be into the future, but as I said, we still remain very confident about our reserves...
Dom Addesso: Kai, the process has not changed over the years. As Tom mentioned, what we do is we set a conservative loss pick and then overtime, we are slow to react to any favorable development, but we are very quick to react to any unfavorable development. So what you are seeing right now, most of what was released at this point in time were short-tail business more than 2 years ago. Short tail lines and property lines of business was what the majority of what was released. But there was some casualty in there. And I should also mention, because I know there has been a lot of focus on the insurance adds, we have to make, but it should be noted that we did have some current book of business within the insurance actually did produce redundancy coming through the results in 2016. Net-net, it was a reserve ad, because of the construction defect of umbrella that we highlighted earlier, but it should be pointed out that the current book of business is beginning to produce some releases.
Dom Addesso: Our expectation is that it would improve. Again, just to highlight again the things that why it came in at that level. We had some of it was A&H, the growth rate in A&H relative to some of the other lines. We had the non-cat – heightened level of non-cat events in 2016, which drove that. We had a little bit of auto. Frequency and severity that drove that, which as Jonathan highlighted is lots of rate increase coming on that line of business. And beyond premium catch-up to the written should begin to benefit the results. The expense ratio hasn’t improved yet, because we have actually accelerated some of our business development efforts later in 2016, more so than we anticipated that we would do it, all a good thing, but I would have expected the expense ratio to improve by now, but it hasn’t because of an up level of investment relative to our initial plans.
Dom Addesso: We will be continuing to target something lower than that. We would expect improvement in that over time.
Dom Addesso: I know this is a question that’s hot in everybody’s mind, but it’s a little difficult, not knowing what the final outcome would be to give you any view. But let me just say this. For the last 2 years, we really – if you take in tax – lower tax rate plus the cross border tax adjustment, it would have been very minimal impact if any on our overall effective tax rate in the last 2 years. But the bigger question comes in a year where cat losses you are not expected or maybe even higher than expected, that’s the great unknown. But we have got different platforms globally that we could trigger in different ways in which we could really underwrite business. So it’s not – I can’t give you a clear answer on that other than the fact that we don’t think that it would have any meaningful impact at this point.
Dom Addesso: I would expect that just to drift down slightly in 2017, and frankly, then level out maybe slightly again in the ‘18, but then level off from there. I don’t believe that we will get back to our historical expense ratio. I mean, you have to remember that we now have the different distribution model. So previously, we were primarily an MJ focused insurance operation, there were more of a direct brokerage operation, which by definition forgetting even the commission element of it, just a general expense ratio element of it requires different types of resources and different systems. So – it will not get back to maybe what you would have as seen historically from us. Having said that, I think if you could our expectation would be as we even today, we have a much better expense ratio than the industry, we expect that gap doing work to remain.
Dom Addesso: We are always surprised because if I said we wanted surprise, then we would have put out a higher number back in 2015. Yes, it is a surprise. And with reserves, you will never know what an increased level of frequency or severity might in fact due to you. But as I mentioned, our other pieces of our portfolio that are active are in fact running at the fast year, produce the redundancy. So we are confident that those reserves are frankly in good order. But again in the context of our overall balance sheet, our reserve position is quite strong. And I think that applies to the various segments as well even though I know I keep emphasizing the overall balance sheet, which is important and worth emphasizing. We do go through each of our segments to make sure that we have got positive reserve or strong reserve position in each of those segments.
Dom Addesso: I don’t know specifically, what you are talking about and if you are talking about it as an insurance player or as a reinsurance play, we would think as a reinsurance play, it’s low-90s.
Dom Addesso: I am actually going to ask – I am going to make a few comments and then ask John to set the comment on it as well, but keep in mind that the asset was a heightened year, many of the losses though were low in the attachment point, a lot of the losses were assumed by primary. And what is consistent with what you have said is through the last couple of years given risk-adjusted pricing in order to maintain our level of risk-adjusted pricing we have moved attachment point, gotten off in certain things that we didn’t like the pricing on and we believe that, that’s had an impact on our result relative to what the overall level of tax were in the industry. So, I think that’s just a general comment and maybe John Doucette might have something to add to that.
Dom Addesso: I am going to answer that as really an overall question as opposed to specifically to insurance. Overall, we still have about the same level of what we call excess capital. And so all of the metrics that we used to measure what our economic capital needs to be remain about the same. So that capital growth basically is supporting all of the lines of business both insurance and reinsurance remembering that we are doing some different things on the reinsurance side that consumed different levels of capital.
Dom Addesso: And the returns, the yield that you are referencing essentially what happened in the fourth quarter, it all depends on timing of the limited partnership and alternative investment income and that can get a little lumpy. So, we are pleased that frankly, year-over-year investment income was flat. We think that was a pretty terrific outcome.
Dom Addesso: We are going to expand a little bit, because I know we are running over. But perhaps, we’ve got a little worry in our opening remarks. So we will extend beyond our usual hour and if there is one or two more questions and perhaps we can entertain, I am sure you won’t mind.
Dom Addesso: Well, I still think the same factors are at play, scale being one of the more relevant factors, continues to put pressure on many of our competitors who seek partners and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. And I think that will continue to be the trend going forward, scale and efficiency. For us, as you know, our strategy remains the same. We are not a big fan of putting a ton of good role in the books. And frankly, acquisitions are difficult to – in our view, others have certainly – could have a different business model, but in our view, acquisitions are difficult to assimilate and with it comes perhaps elements of the portfolio that you don’t wish to be engaged in. It will require some remediation. And we think it’s a lot cleaner to get the talent that we think we can secure the good talent and build out the portfolio in the manner and shape that we feel is most desirable. So that’s kind of our continued strategy. If there are things that we don’t think we can build out on our own successfully meaning elements of the different lines of business, very, very focused areas, we have continued to look at things, but I am not giving it a highlight that would be – you would see something in that regard, but I wouldn’t rule it out completely.
Dom Addesso: You broke up a little bit, yes. So we write business all over the world. We write a very little bit of motor business in the context of our overall over $4 billion of premium. It’s not material to us. So the short answer to your question is, it’s what we watch that. We look at the rates. We are probably a little less – we are probably a little more pessimistic on that over the last couple of years, so we have not deployed that much capital in that respect of area. So, we do not think its material to us.
Dom Addesso: Thank you, Brian and thanks to all for participating in this morning’s call. Apologies for going a little longer, but we had the questions in queue. We obviously were pleased with our performance this past year. And we recognized as to you that it’s very challenging market, but we are still quite confident that we can outperform on a relative basis and an absolute basis. My colleagues here this morning kind of outlined some of the new things we are doing and I have highlighted our balance sheet strength, the reserve position, which certainly bodes well for the future. So, we are very confident that we can continue to perform well. And that’s not without taking an increased level of risk. It’s continuing to do what we do. It’s underwrite through the different parts of the cycle and diversifying, diversifying into new products and new areas and continue to expand our franchise, in particular, expand the insurance franchise, which we think is one of the ways forward as well as product diversification on the reinsurance side. So thank you very much for your interest and your participation this morning. We look forward to seeing you probably over the next several weeks. Thank you.
John Doucette: Good morning, this is John. So a couple of things, the strategic relationship we entered as a reinsurance opportunity with the buyer of Heartland is it has a couple of advantages for us. First of all, it runs, we believe to a meaningful improvement in expenses and because of just economies of scale that we were unable to achieve on our own book, given the size of the premium. And then secondly, we also had struggled in our insurance book to develop a broad, diversified portfolio. And so individual localized weather events were causing more problems for us and caused more volatility in the book as an insurance play. What we are going to get is the benefit of a much, much larger book, a share of that book on a reinsurance quota share basis. So we think we are going to run to a better combined ratio, meaningfully and we think there is going to be less volatility in the results.
John Doucette: Yes, Quentin, I think a couple of things. The reinsurance strategy, we continue to look to how we can improve the book and deploy and take cat risk better and deploy and build a better and better portfolio and taking into account market conditions but also the buying habits of local companies, regional companies and global clients. So to the extent that we – the global clients – take the global clients, to the extent that they are looking to do more across the board and across multiple lines of business at multiple territories with companies like Everest, we are deploying more cat capacity to them. And that usually means given the retentions that they want to take in order to control the pricing of the reinsurance program, they typically are protecting against the real major losses, very big earthquakes, very big hurricanes, etcetera. And so that wouldn’t necessarily impact us as much in a year like this, with the exception of the Canadian wildfires and Hurricane Matthew. And then we also, as Dom said, we are trying to shift our book and we have been moving not in every case, but generally, we have been moving up the tower. That also means it takes larger losses to affect us. But then I would also highlight the different hedges that we have in place, including Mt. Logan. And Mt. Logan continues to be a strategic platform for Everest and we saw some benefits from that in 2016, with recoveries that we saw from both Matthew and Fort McMurray wildfire losses in Canada as well as some other smaller losses around the group. So, we think that, that helps mitigate some of the cat loss activity that Everest faces on its inward book of business through the various hedges that we have in place as well.
John Doucette: So we have – it really applies to a lot of different things. It applies to strategic relationships that we are trying to dealt with some of our core clients. We have added some of those in 2016. We have – some of are doing half a dozen and a dozen of these kind of core strategic relationships. We are looking to expand that and continue to deploy that where we really become a strategic partner to the clients and not just a large reinsurer to them. And that’s worked out very well for us. We continue to deploy and really holistically deploy capacity with the global clients and we see that as the big opportunity for us in the future as they want to trade more with companies like Everest and less with others, either because of too much concentration with some of the big directs or they want to narrow their reinsurance panel. We are spending more time really strategizing about how we, as one of the very largest broker market reinsurers, how we can grow more with the brokers in the reinsurance area and we think that’s something that won’t be to the benefit of both of us and we expect to continue to make headway in that in different products that they have different initiatives and different strategies with that going forward. And then frankly, just a lot of these new alternatives really building out what we called the nontraditional space for this product, new products, new distribution, new clients and we are making good headway there, both hiring people, developing resources internally and have had recently some few nice wins in that space. And we look to continue to deploy that going forward.
