Dominic Addesso: Thank you. Good morning. Last night, we released earnings per share of $5.02 for the third quarter. Despite the number of catastrophes for the industry in the quarter, this turned out to be a quarter for us with a solid ROE. This result reflects a strong quarter for investment income, continued strong underwriting income from attritional results and tax benefits achieved from our portfolio of composition. These factors, coupled with a positive equity market resulting in realized gains for the quarter, produced 9.7% annualized net income ROE for the quarter. No doubt that it has been an active last 15 months for cat losses, and of course, one more quarter to go with already some known cats. Well it's been challenging for those individuals and businesses directly impacted by these events. These are challenges to which we have responded well and in fact better than most. Over that time, we continued to produce positive results and we anticipate the same in the fourth quarter. Our portfolio composition is able to absorb volatility and over the longer-term, including these recent years, has produced total shareholder return of over 12%. On an ROE basis, over the last five years, Everest has outperformed by approximately 300 basis points, a top 20 peers listing as compiled by A. M. Best. Nevertheless, we must always look forward. And as all of us recognized, there are significant questions which persist around our industry, most notably, the influx of third-party capital and price adequacy. That is why you may have observed that over time, our net annual expected cat load has drifted down from over 12 combined ratio points to currently less than 9, and will likely drift down into next year. This has been and will continue to be the result of deliberate execution of our strategy, a combination of reducing and diversifying our cat portfolio and diversifying into other segments of the business. You will hear more about this from my colleagues. We continue to believe the future is bright for Everest given the scale we have on the business and our breadth of underwriting and capital management capabilities. And therefore the ability to leverage that into the better opportunities, the market offers and to participate meaningfully in new classes and constructs. We see the recent catastrophe events as being a strong proof point of our value proposition and this along with our clients focus on earnings volatility, has continuing to increase demand for our products and services. Thank you for your participation this morning, and I look forward to our dialogue during the Q&A. I'll now turn it over to Craig for detailed financial results.
Dominic Addesso: Certainly into the fourth quarter as that premiums continues to earn in, you'll see those kinds of percentage. But into next year, I certainly wouldn't put that high of a growth rate on our Reinsurance business. But we still think we're entering a part of the cycle where there are opportunities emerging outside of cat. We do see increased demand from global ceding companies, we're seeing increased demand in mortgage space and opportunities there. So there are opportunities, whether or not it would reach double-digit teens into next year, that's hard to predict. But certainly we would expect to continue to see growth opportunities in the marketplace. The secondary question, of course, is whether or not those opportunities will meet our underwriting guidelines in terms of pricing, terms and condition et cetera, so it's still unknown, but perhaps a growth year into next year, but certainly we don't believe at this pace.
Dominic Addesso: So first thing is let me comment on the second quarter, just to go backwards and I want to refresh everyone's memory that the second quarter, we had a very low frequency of what we call non-cat cats. So that had a positive impact on the second quarter loss ratio. And we do think that it is more appropriate to look at the combined ratio on a year-to-date basis. And we do think that our combined ratios, frankly, on a year-to-date basis, has not changed all that much. In fact, on an attritional combined ratio, year-to-date September 2008, 85.8%, that compares against the year-to-date a year-ago of 85.6%. So two-tenths of a point movement in that, that's pretty stable, and that's kind of where we would expect it be through time, very stable. John Doucette – and it's worth reemphasizing mentioned in his remarks, the underwriting profit, I think this is why we emphasize it, sometimes can be misleading to just work from a combined ratio metrics, although we use them as well, but of course you have to use them against the right premium base. And I think that's frankly what – were some of the misses have been, there's been using the higher combined ratio, but not applying it to a higher premium base. And that's why, again, it's worth highlighting the actual notional dollars of profit that we've improved year-over-year. So this year we've had $190 million of underwriting profit from our non-cat portfolios on the reinsurance side and insurance, and last year that was $120 million. So an improvement of $70 million and sometimes when you just use the combined ratio statistics that – and you misapply the combined ratio to the wrong premium base, you miss the underwriting profit pickup. So rather a long answer to your question Elyse, but I hope that that addresses your question.
Dominic Addesso: So first our exposure to that loss is predominantly an XOL, it's not solely an XOL event. And in each of the events that Craig highlighted in his remarks, we use either the high end of the estimate, the highest end of the estimate, in some cases above the high end range from the industry estimates. Now clearly, it's still early with many of these events and we're not saying that losses can't change. Of course, they could go in either direction. But we think in the aggregate, we've done a pretty conservative job of reserving these events. There is no read across the last year because it's a much different path pattern. So we're very comfortable with the estimates. But with the absolute caveat that events can change, but even with what you've described depending on the severity of it, you think we've got that covered in large parts.
Dominic Addesso: Well, as John Doucette indicated that across many of the lines of business that we entertained, particularly in the casualty space, there has been a primary space. There's been generally rate increase, and of course, Jon Zaffino highlighted that as well, of course absent a worker's comp. And when we look at, I know your comment or question, I think was focused on the reinsurance side, when we underwrite those accounts, we build in our trend. So we do have trend built into our assumptions about where the market is going. And remember that on the pro rata business, the biggest benefit that we've seen or the improvement that we've seen from a reinsurers perspective is on ceding commissions. That's just over the previous five years, ceding commissions were on the rise and it was making that portfolio not suitable to put on the books. And again it's worth reminding everyone that Everest has been – I think terrific at cycle management. We took our – half a dozen years ago, we took our casualty portfolio down to just a few $100 million, I’m taking again on the reinsurance side. And of course now as market conditions have been improving, not only in primary rates, but also on ceding commission terms we've now founded suitable to reenter that space. So again, good underwriting cycle management, these are all things that we adhere to. I don't know if that answered your question.
Dominic Addesso: Not specifically. Again, I'll just come to the underwriting profit numbers that I cited earlier that across all of our portfolios, that underwriting profit increased $70 million to $190 million.
Dominic Addesso: So answer to the first question is, we don't have a reliable estimate that that we can disclose at this point. It's still early days. At this point, we've only received frankly some level of detail from only one client. Other information that we're seeing is based on model results and the process that we will go through to reserve that event will be using industry estimates, using our models, using underwriter estimates, market share and generally reserving towards the higher end of those picking the highest of those individual aspects. We do believe that from what we're hearing and observing that the event is towards the higher end of the estimates we've seen out in the street, but yet we've not been able to translate that into a loss estimate that we can put forth at this point. As far as the issues that arose in Irma, we do not think that they will be the same. Certainly the AOB threat and the carry on effect of losses will always be there. Of course in this particular case, there are more total losses than what we saw in Irma. So that theoretically should have a less – should be less of an AOB issue. The loss adjustment expense issue will be less of an issue as well, even though we will reserve that at with a market surge – demand surge a factor.
Dominic Addesso: Again, we don’t really telegraph buybacks. We do think we have excess capital to deploy in that space. If we think the price is appropriate, and certainly at these levels, we think it's a certainly a good value. We are obviously approaching the end of the season. So as you know, in the third quarter, we get even though we did buyback some stock. We do get a little cautious given wind season. That's coming is in our rear view mirror. So that will be potentially an opportunity. We also will look at the opportunity relative to what does occur, 1/1 as again it's been mentioned, we would anticipate that our capital going into next year we'll even be lower again. So that does decrease some of the volatility, perhaps even freeing up more capital in that regard.
Dominic Addesso: We don't think you're over thinking it. We do think that it will that does create some pressure. We've a commentary about material TBT, but I'll ask John Doucette to maybe comment that as well.
Dominic Addesso: The LP investments that we have are primarily in private equity and or credit. These are investments that we've made over a longer period of time. That have helped us with getting better yield on the overall portfolio. But the amount of investments that we put in place over time has been relatively consistent over the past few years. And what you've seen is, a higher level of returns from these investments over that period of time on that. Again, no major changes in our overall portfolio. Predominantly the portfolio is made up of investment grade fixed income portfolio, but we do have alternative investments not only in the limited partnerships, but also bank loans which are floating rate as well as high yield – some high yield investments as well. Our total private equity is about $1.5 billion out of our – almost $19 billion investment portfolio. So as Craig said, some of that private equity is credit related, mezzanine debt, et cetera.
Dominic Addesso: We have committed funds to the private equity space that would carry out into the succeeding years, but that would not be an outsized percentage relative to how we anticipate the total investment portfolio to grow.
Dominic Addesso: So $1.5 billion would probably likely go up, but not at a disproportionate percentage to the portfolio. Right now the private equity portfolio stands at about 8%. I don't expect that to change remarkably.
Dominic Addesso: Although, keep in mind that we’re particularly sensitive to talking about individual clients. So with that, I'll ask John to dance through that.
Dominic Addesso: By the way, and that's answer. The one other narrowing of risk mitigate features could be narrowing reinsurance, which is another thing that this is booked as an underwriting feature of many of these accounts that we put on the books.
Dominic Addesso: And we stand with them, with the protections that they get either built in actually into the contract or deemed into the contract that we will have our recovery rate that matches the – that will match the terms attachment point limit of the coverage that they buy. And we factored that into our risk assessment as we try to decide if it's an attractive deal on a risk-adjusted basis to deploy capital in that.
Dominic Addesso: I'll take that one. So we write mortgage reinsurance related to the GSEs, write for the MI and we also write a little bit of mortgage reinsurance outside of North America in a couple countries that have high capital loadings such as Australia, France, potentially Germany et cetera. They were looking at that. But the predominant – our predominant mortgage book is with the GSEs and then also the MIs. So a lot of them are deploying capa – risk, are using hedging and risk mitigation strategies in at least two different capacities through traditional reinsurance, as well as through the capital market. And the GSEs in particular, have a dual mandate to use both the channels and they have a mandate to try to develop the hedging markets whether it's on the capital markets side or traditional reinsurers. And they continue to do that. So I would say net-net, it's a positive, because while they are different products, they are looking to build this out into a more sustainable class of business that. And we think the combination will do that.
Dominic Addesso: Not sure I understand that meaning. Meaning, the re-underwriting of the portfolio would be impacting less. So let me answer with this way because I don't know that I have that precise answer. Our cat load not only in combined ratio points, but also in nominal dollars has been coming down over the last couple of years. Reminder that a few years ago, it was up to 12 points, now it's less than eight or less than nine, likely to be less than eight going into next year. But even in absolute – and that's partly a result of diversification of our book of business across other lines of business, but growth of the insurance, many growth of the – the different classes that John Doucette emphasize. So the diversification certainly helps that. But even in notional dollars, the number has come down. It was approaching $600 million last year. It's in the mid $500 million into this year and it will be lower than that into next year in absolute dollars. In addition, our 100 PML in all of our peaks zones is down year-over-year modestly. But that's the best I can do in terms of answering that question. I don't have a pro forma in terms of overlaying last year's events into this year's portfolio.
Dominic Addesso: And keep one thing in mind and I recognized where your question comes from, which is really more of a beta play. Make no mistake. This is not a beta play on the market. We underwrite each individual account and client and therefore they are likely making improvements in their portfolio that could be different than what you're describing as the overall market.
Dominic Addesso: I think it's just through the nine months. It’s probably where I would have anticipated it to be. Remember, we've got one more quarter to go here. You've got year-end reserve that used to evaluate. In the main, it is trending and it’s on the trajectory that – on a trajectory that I'm very pleased with. As you say something in the mid-90s is quite attractive. And I also know that what our loss reserve posture has been in terms of how we go about picking loss ratio. So we think it's conservative. So as we look forward, we're quite enthused about where this portfolio is trending.
Dominic Addesso: Well, any reserve redundancies or additions, obviously are going to affect the combined ratio on a year-to-date basis for the 12 months here. Craig, I think maybe understand…
Dominic Addesso: And I think the way we're answering your question is more about how we're viewing the profitability of the book and of course we don't – as we've outlined in the past, we hold reserves for periods of years as it relates to the current accident year. So you don't see those improvements coming through that we believe are there. They take a couple years go merge.
Dominic Addesso: Okay, sorry for going over. But we're glad to do it. Thanks again for your interest and your questions. We spoke this morning about the lots of things. I believe it's worth emphasizing that Everest is a franchise is not only as thrive over the Michael's – over the market cycle with above average total shareholder returns. But it's one, it's a franchise which is evolving and diversifying, based on where the future market opportunities are. And we've talked a lot about that this morning. Our goal remains the same, deliver above average returns on capital as we have done through time. Again, thank you for your interest this morning. I look forward to speaking with many of you over the weeks ahead.
Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom, and good morning, everyone. Everest had net income of $206 million for the third quarter of 2018. This compares to a net loss of $639 million for the third quarter last year, a quarter heavily impacted by catastrophe losses. On a year-to-date basis, net income was $486 million compared to a net loss of $102 million for the first nine months of 2017. Net income year-to-date included $35 million of net after tax realized capital gains compared to $79 million of capital gains in the first nine months of 2017. The capital gains were primarily attributable to fair value adjustments on our public equity portfolio. After tax operating income for the third quarter was $167 million compared to a loss of $624 million in 2017. Operating income year-to-date was $428 million compared to a loss of $123 million for the first nine months of 2017. The group recorded a modest underwriting gain of $278,000 for the third quarter essentially a breakeven result with a 100% combined ratio. This compared to an underwriting loss of $1 billion in the third quarter of 2017 with the combined ratio of 164%. The year-to-date underwriting gain for the group was $21 million compared to an underwriting loss $705 million for the same period last year. The year-to-date combined ratio was 99.6% compared to 116.5% reported for the first nine months of 2017 reflecting the higher catastrophe losses in 2017. These results reflect the series of major catastrophe events that are driving both the quarter and the year-to-date figures for both 2017 and 2018. In the third quarter of 2018, the group saw $240 million of net pretax catastrophe losses compared to $1.4 billion in the third quarter of 2017. The breakdown of the pretax loss estimates by event is as follows: Hurricane Florence was $90 million. Typhoon Jebi was $80 million. Typhoon Trami was $25 million. The 2018 California wildfires were $25 million, and the Japan floods were $20 million. On a year-to-date basis, the results reflected net pretax estimated catastrophe losses of $837 million in 2018 compared to $1.4 billion in 2017. Excluding the catastrophe events and favorable prior year development, the underlying book continues to perform well with an overall current year attritional combined ratio of 85.8% through the first nine months compared to 85.6% for the same period in 2017. Our year-to-date group expense ratio remains low at 5.7%, while our commission ratio of 22.1% remains relatively stable. When looking at year-over-year comparisons, it should be noted that the 2017 commission and expense ratios benefited from higher reinstatement premiums arising from the 2017 catastrophe events. For investments, pretax investment income was $161 million for the quarter and $441 million year-to-date on our $18.7 billion investment portfolio. Year-to-date investment income was up $47 million or 12% from one-year ago. This result continues to be driven by the increase in limited partnership income, which was up $29 million from the first nine months of 2017. However, $13 million of the limited partnership income this quarter came from a distribution of one investment and will not reoccur in the future. The pretax yield on the overall portfolio was 3.2% compared to 3.0% one-year ago, as both investment grade and alternative fixed income yields are up year-over-year. The new money rates are now in excess of our total portfolio yield. This will boost future net investment income. On income taxes, the tax benefit we recorded was the result of the amount and geographic region of the losses associated with the catastrophes. The effective tax rate is an annualized calculation that includes planned catastrophe losses for the remainder of the year. We expect to report a tax benefit for the full-year since additional catastrophe losses are anticipated in the fourth quarter. Positive cash flow continues with operating cash flows of $544 million for the first nine months of 2018 compared to $1 billion in 2017. The year-over-year decline reflects a higher level of paid catastrophe losses in 2018 from the 2017 catastrophe events. Shareholders' equity for the Group was $8.3 billion at the end of the third quarter and was essentially flat compared to year-end 2017. The $40 million slight decline in year-to-date shareholder's equity is primarily attributable to the $255 million mark-to market impact on the investment portfolio and capital return for $159 million of dividends paid as well as $75 million of share buybacks offset by $486 million of net income. As a result of the share buybacks and dividends, the Company has returned 48% of net income to shareholders to date in 2018. The Catastrophe losses in 2017 and 2018 have had no impact on our strong capital position. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide a review of the Reinsurance Operations.
Craig Howie: Mike, this is Craig. It is in line with the investment managers that we use for some of these types of investments. And you could expect that to be at a normal run rate.
Craig Howie: I would just add to that, Josh. I think we’re very encouraged by the growth and the many new initiatives that we've launched over the last several years, which, if you recall, those were carefully chosen selected lines of business. As those continued to make up a larger and larger part of our portfolio as we continue to wind down, as I think I mentioned in my remarks, certain portfolios that we are exiting in a controlled way, which they're still obviously an earned premium lag in the P&L. As you see that transition continue to happen and gain momentum, in addition to what Don mentioned, taking a prudently cautious view of current accident years, we're pretty encouraged by where we are.
Craig Howie: Yes, I think I understand what you're asking. But prior year reserves reviews that would be completed would show up on the prior year line and would not be included in the attritional line for the year.
John Doucette: Yes, good morning, Amit. Yes, I mean it's a combination of things of which the development there was seen by many companies for Irma, but not just Irma there was a development for a lot of reinsurance client in Maria, particularly in Puerto Rico. So I mean those are some of the things that happened, but in addition to that, we had 150 billion and growing of losses that happened. And I think that's something that needs to be factored in as well as just the reserve redundancies where do they stand? We've seen a lot of large losses like in the energy market. So there's all those, there clearly seems to be a while there's a lot of capital around there's talks on how much it's going to be stable when it comes to the alternative capital who probably a several of those players probably had two years of not great results. And so the question is not just can and will it reload. It also, I think will also be the question on what the returns and profitability targets that capital requires to come back in. So there is a lot of different things, there's the two major, major profitability reviews that are happening in Lloyd’s that could affect $5 billion of renewal premium, both individual syndicates with non-performance as well as lines of business across the market that aren't performing well. I mean, that all sounds like a different macro forces that will look to potentially increased demand and have an impact on supply. And we also frankly see clients that seem to be tired of volatility. Going back to the earlier question from Elyse, that there are – we are seeing clients coming back into the market they want to a re-insurer and lock and potentially decrease their own volatility, which means there may be whether it's on the casualty or the property or the specialty side that may be an increase in the buys that happened. And that as Dom said, it's tough for us to predict what that will do when it comes to our topline. We do think that will stabilize and potentially improve pricing in certain areas. Certainly pockets that we would expect to see some improvement in pricing.
John Doucette: Good morning, Mike. The comment was more, I think a broader comment. It wasn't deal specific. It was really talking about on proportional business, particularly in the property space. I think that we wanted to highlight that we have – there's a lot of property quota shares that are out there and we write a few of them, we write them with clients we know and like and respect. But we also – a lot of the time, those have very tight occurrence limits, cat occurrence limits as a function of the overall premium. So while the premium growth in property went up, it doesn't correspondingly mean that there is a meaningful change in the P&L for that. That was the main point that we’re trying to get to. And then beyond that, whether it's by line of business, and certainly in some of the structured areas, there will be different contract specific features, and there'll be gives and takes and different parts. And whether that's what the contract says, some swing rating, different supplements, things like that. That could happen. And that could be across basically any classes of business that we see. Back to what Dominic said at the beginning, we were more bearish than a lot of our competitors for a long time in the casualty space. And we think our view of the world for out as we cut our book tremendously. And we are seeing opportunities that we hadn't seen in awhile in the casualty space in general. Also the global clients are coming back in and they can – and that's lumpy, but they are looking for people that can trade with them in multiple classes all around the world. And we have the ability and expertise to deploy underwriting capacity in all property and casualty lines all over the world, and so we are seeing continued to see traction with the global. And again, what the contract features are will vary tremendously contract-by-contract.
John Doucette: We think that our reserve position, can withstand further industry loss deterioration. But as you say on all of these events, you never know. But we think that the way it's a reserved currently we're talking about last year's events now and even this year's events. We think that it can withstand further into “industry deterioration”.
John Doucette: Okay. We heard from some clients and then we factor that into our loss fixed. So the fact that some emergency has happened more recently, that doesn't change her view per se right now.
John Doucette: Yes. So I mean – and there's the two worlds, the insurance world that Jon talked about and that it will vary if you want color you get on the primary side. But on the reinsurance side, there's a lot of additional moving parts right. There's the reinsurance terms conditions, what's the ceding commission, a lot of the book that we write out of the – London and Zurich is done on an excess of loss basis. So it's a little bit bifurcated from what the original rates are. So then is a rate on exposure of what we are getting and we're seeing improving opportunities on our ability to execute that. But I think in general, it's also just more a supply and demand that we see the large global clients want to do more with a company like Everest. They maybe full on some of the European reinsurers, they may – a lot of clients are tightening up their credit, their reinsurance security panel. So they are tightening the credit. So that means there's less supply for some of the long tail lines of business, the reinsurance that they want to buy. And we think that is a positive that happens. We also – one of the things that we're seeing is again, I think some of the clients who had centralized a lot of their buying, I think they are saying well, there was actually in the older – we want to take five or six, seven years and before that where there was more engagement between the reinsurance underwriters and the insurance underwriters, not just the ceded redesk of reinsurance buyers, and I think there's more feedback loop. And I think some of these insurance companies are realizing that there's real value that experienced reinsurance underwriters can add by providing insight because we see across the whole market, we see what lines of business or sub-classes are making money, are losing money, what products are making money or losing money, and it allows us to give that insight when we do underwriting audits which we do a lot of them. We underwrite our clients a lot. And I think that we are seeing the value of that as a lot of our clients are focused on their volatility, how do they improve their results. And they are looking to use reinsurance as a value proposition, not just get the lower ceding commission, but use it truer to get the better gross underwriting results
