Dominic Addesso: Thanks, Beth. Good morning. We are pleased to report another very strong quarter. Operating earnings per share of $6.12 is 46% above the prior year's third quarter. And on a year-to-date basis the $17.46 of operating earnings is 15% above the prior year pace. These operating results produced an operating ROE of 16%. The lower level of cat losses versus last year in both the quarter and the year-to-date numbers was undoubtedly a contributor. However, it is important to highlight the fact that the attritional results remain quite strong. The underwriting income on a year-to-date basis excluding cats has risen to $697 million from $665 million in the prior year. This is a result of portfolio management, which includes diversification both by product and geography; shifts between pro rata and excessive loss; new products; changing attachment points to focus on the best priced layers; and finally, use of outside reinsurance to various capital market platforms, including our own, to achieve better risk adjusted returns. Another factor, but not in consequential, is a disciplined expense culture. Our expense ratio amongst the lowest in the industry improve year-over-year. Maintaining a firm grip on expenses will enable us to withstand the impact of any market softening, but more importantly enables us to entertain business opportunities at levels which are still accretive to or perhaps not to others. One other contributing factor to the results for the quarter was an increase in investment income over previous quarters, due to timing on some of our limited partnership investments. Nevertheless, as maybe obvious, investment income will continue to drift lower, as older investment years mature and funds get invested at today's interest rate levels. We have deployed a number of alternative asset strategies to blunt this. And while they have worked well, we are getting close to our asset risk appetite, as defined by our capital position. Regarding operational highlights, our best performing and largest segment continues to be our U.S. Reinsurance operation, with a reported combined ratio of 72.6% this year. Our International Reinsurance segment, while typically an excellent performer and still quite profitable, is down relative to last year. Most of the cats and other smaller events, now classified as cats, have been occurring in regions outside the U.S. These will include events like the Chile earthquake that occurred in the second quarter and Hurricane Odile in Mexico this quarter among others. Nevertheless, the combined ratio on a year-to-date basis still stands at an 88 for this segment. Our insurance operation had an underwriting loss for the quarter, due solely to our U.S. crop business, which again is having a difficult year because of commodity prices and hailstorm events. Excluding this portfolio, the remainder continues to improve in profitability and growth, with 5 points of underwriting margin and 12% growth in the topline. This growth is a combination of rate increases as well as success in our business expansion efforts in E&S lines and specialty classes of business. John will give further details on the operations, but we are well-positioned in each of our units to achieve return superior to the industry. While it is still uncertain what pricing will be at the next upcoming renewal season, we have thought through the various scenarios and will adapt, depending on conditions at that time. Each of these strategies is with an eye towards maintaining the return levels we have been accustomed to through the cycle. These strategies include reducing business in certain areas, introducing new products, utilizing capital markets, expense control and managing capital levels through share repurchases. Our strong and sizable capital position along with our underwriting talent, allows us the flexibility and market presence to be a significant factor in the marketplace. For this position of strength, we can continue to find the best opportunities and provide above average risk adjusted returns, despite what many see as market challenges. Thank you. And now, Craig will give you the financial report.
Dominic Addesso: Michael, the book has not changed considerably over the years, typically as it relates to some of the peak zone areas. The reality is that we've actually diversified the book a bit more. Our casualty book, for example, is a little larger than it was a couple of years ago, but still not at the heights that it was at in 2002, 2003 timeframe. We've also have written a number of pretty good growth in our regional client sector, as well as a little bit growth in our facultative book as well. But it's not a significant change. Most recently, in the last year, as John pointed out in his talking points, we did write some new property pro rata quota share deals. Many of those were in non-cat exposed areas. And there are shifts from time-to-time in the portfolio, depending on where the opportunities are. I don't know if you have a follow-up to that.
Dominic Addesso: Well, the results of ourselves, as well as the rest of the market are always helpful when catastrophes are low. Particularly in the U.S., while there wasn't any major cat event. We also benefited this particular year in the U.S. due to a lower level of attritional cats. And we define that as any event to us that's less than $10 million. So that you see a year-over-year improvement in the U.S. book in part due to that. On the other hand, we have a higher level of attritional cats in our Latin American book. And then in our Bermuda book, that was a little worse than a prior year due to purchase of ILWs. But you're going to have that impact in any one particular segment from time to time, I think the point is that the overall book is well-diversified, and that's the point of it, right. Better diversified than we have been, ever in our history, I would say.
Dominic Addesso: As you may or may not know, our participation in Mt. Logan is proportional to our own book. In other words, the risk that we put into Mt. Logan is also partly retained within our portfolio. So our interests are aligned. So that means that our appetite, for our portfolio, Logan does not change our appetite. What Mt. Logan allows us to do is actually, for lines of business or class of the business or territory, that we think are attractive it allows us to expand our capacity in those areas. So that's the appetite part of it. But it doesn't change our return appetite.
Dominic Addesso: We've said on many quarters, and I think you're seeing it in the numbers, we continue -- I mean, one of the example is some of the bigger clients, they want to do more business with fewer people, and that means that there is some diversification away from the big directs. And then there is also a consolidation of the P&L. We have been a direct beneficiary of that. We can't really comment on other peoples view. We have our capital model. It's been the same capital model we've had for many years. But we think that we have enhanced opportunities with some of the consolidation that's going on, and that certainly would drive part of what you're seeing. Certainly, we can't comment on what other market participants are seeing necessarily, but some of the decrease that occurs in some of the other markets is not just under-priced business, it's also, as John pointed out, in some of the larger programs, lines that are lost. And so that's certainly a factor. And don't miss understand, I mean there are lines of business that we shrink and pullback from as well. It's not that we're seeing every class of business, every attachment point, every layer being appropriately priced. So there are places in our portfolio that are contracting and there are other places, which have expanded.
Dominic Addesso: It's partly reflective of the marks that go to Mt. Logan portfolio. But I'll ask John to comment on that.
Dominic Addesso: And from an underwriting gain perspective, on a net basis, in other words after non-controlling interest, it's not that significant. For the nine months, it was $5 million, I think.
Dominic Addesso: So I wouldn't expect a material change from that into the fourth quarter. To me that's really the best way to look at it. Of course, we've got the underwriting fee income for managing that portfolio that comes in as well. In terms of what sticks to us, I don't know if it's material enough that we can give you a better answer than that.
Dominic Addesso: Vinay, as I mentioned perhaps before, but just to clarify, what's happening in the overall reinsurance book is, and particularly this quarter is the Latin American attritional cats, so we had tickup in that. That probably was the biggest driver. And then in Bermuda, we had purchase of ILWs. There is some mix issues going on as we wrote some more U.S. proportional business, non-cat exposed, so that does have an impact. But overall the biggest change is due to the Latin America attritional cats in the reinsurance.
Dominic Addesso: First of all, on the crop side, we have no commodity hedges in place, unless that addresses that. From a expected loss ratio on an expected basis for crop, around 80%, double high-70s would be what we would expect. The price levels stay where they're at. What would happen to the premium? I don't know that there would be any material change in premium.
Dominic Addesso: Well, there is a lot of moving parts including the volatility factor that's been lower in the last couple of years. So we don't know where that will end up being for next year.
Dominic Addesso: Well, that's a very heavy question and a big topic for sure. First of all, relative to what's going on in the alternative capital space, what you're asking is, less ceded premium into the marketplace. A lot of that premium, if you're speaking about hedge fund type structures, typically the premium going into those types of vehicles will be more casualty focused business, which frankly for us right now has not been a growth area for us. So we would not anticipate any major impact from some of those early movers into that space. It's still early days with respect to hedge fund capital coming in. My early view on it is that it's very difficult to raise capital into these structures, and that doesn't mean that they won't exist. But it's not clear to me at this point that it will be a huge part of our business, at least at this point. If in fact that evolves to be something different, and it's likely that will be more attractive to investors to invest into that space, Everest would certainly be prepared to consider that as one of its platforms, not unlike what we've done with Mt. Logan. Mt. Logan for us is where we see more immediate term growth in the alternative capital space. As John pointed out, we still would expect there to be increased assets under management there. And for us that is a strategic play, where we're actually as I mentioned before able to deploy more capacity through the use of that facility. So we see it as a tool, not a threat. And it's just another form of capital, and allows us to manage our own capital more efficiently. That'd be the case. In terms of pricing, certainly on the capital market side, there seems to be some evidence that we're certainly trading near our bottom, particularly as you look at cat bond pricing, and even some of the things that we see going on in our capital markets facility Mt. Logan, where investors are hitting some floors with respect to the returns that they expect. Hard to say what impact that might have on traditional pricing or any pricing at one-one. As you probably know, next week is PCI, but more recently coming from -- had some folks at Baden-Baden, but before that in the CIAB and before that in Monte Carlo, there seem to be less talk about price decline and more talk frankly from any of our ceding company clients about maintaining traditional panel, maintaining relationships, and making sure that their panels where highly rated. So all that conversation to me suggest that we are floating somewhere around the bottom at this point, but we will see in the next 60 days.
Dominic Addesso: As you know, we don't give guidance on our share repurchases. But I will point out that we historically in the third quarter, given that's our highest cat exposed season that we have typically lightened up on share repurchase. And this past third quarter was no different than what we've done in others. And so we would certainly look favorably on increasing that in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter market conditions, both pricing of our stock as well as market conditions on the pricing side. If those are all favorable, then we would look to increase our share repurchases. But we do not forecast or give a number on what that might be. We do it week at a time.
Dominic Addesso: I think it's likely to continue. I don't know about the next few years. It's difficult time horizon too on that, but I would see that accelerating or continuing on some level for sure. Unless there is some consolidation in the industry, so that there are larger capital providers, then I would expect that trend to continue. And I think that's probably why you see some exacts predicting or suggesting there should be greater consolidation within our space.
Dominic Addesso: It also is due to us, the initial investment that Everest put in, and then growth of third-party money. So the share of Mt. Logan is higher to external investors.
Dominic Addesso: And remember, we were a higher percentage of that in the early days. And of course, as we attracted more funds, that gets diluted obviously, the percentage gets diluted.
Craig Howie: I mean the book, we write off classes of business within the U.S. We write pro rata, risk, cat, retro, and we have a product called PURPle. And we will deploy different amounts of capacity to each of those depending on where we see the best returns. And the returns, while down, are still north of a 20% ROE.
Craig Howie: We do expect to see some change, because the commodity prices have changed from our estimate, from where we booked these numbers for the third quarter. However, we still would expect a loss in the fourth quarter. We'll still have expenses coming through, and again, expect the loss in that quarter as well.
Craig Howie: That's correct, for the quarter; and $42 million year-to-date. Now, that's for both MPCI Crop as well as Crop-Hail. There were several storms, hailstorms, that happened during the quarter and we took a fairly large loss, which represents about half of the loss for the quarter, Jay.
Craig Howie: It's just normal fluctuations. I don't expect any -- there is no continuing trend there that we can point to. I would look at that number on more of an annualized basis as opposed to a quarter number.
Craig Howie: So the nature of the foreign tax credits is this. First, in order to take foreign tax credits you need to be a tax payer. We just filed our 2013 tax return in September and became a tax payer, again, utilizing all of our loss carry forwards on a tax return basis. So that's the first thing you need is to become a tax payer. The next thing you need is foreign-source income and we have an earning income where our branch locations are outside the U.S. mainly Canada and other places like that, so we have an earning income. So now we get to take those foreign tax credits against the actual tax on the tax return. So that's number one. We got to take those for both 2013 as well as the 2014 year this quarter. What I would expect to see going forward is about $10 million per year of foreign tax credits. So I'm not at big number, but it is an ongoing number.
Craig Howie: What would drive that attritional rate up traditionally for us that we've mentioned in the past is more catastrophes. So in other words the less catastrophes we have here located in the U.S. and taxed in the U.S., the more taxable income we would have, therefore the higher the tax rate. Right now, the tax rate has been relatively high, if you will, 14.4% last quarter, because of the lack of cats in the U.S.
Craig Howie: Well, I think as Dom mentioned before, it's not necessarily a material number to us yet, but it is seasonal, because of the property cat losses. So we would expect after we get through the season that you may see some additional results flow into Everest, profit commissions things like that, that would flow-through. But right now, it's more seasonal.
John Doucette: I think the short answer is absolutely, there is going to be every class of business, not just property, not just cat; casualty, reinsurance, insurance, there's going to be wide range of returns, combined ratios and return on equity in every class, and we build books of business. And there is different attachment points, different ways we play different products that all have different returns that crystallizes into that total we are talking about.
John Doucette: And one other point I'd like to add is, and we've said this before, but you can't underestimate the importance. We write a lot, unlike a lot of our competitors, we write for a lead market property, reinsurer and write that book of business from the U.S. and that gives us better access to clients, better ability to visit with them, meet with them, negotiate with them onshore, and that is very helpful. And sometimes business gets done domestically and then doesn't go to other jurisdictions to get completed.
John Doucette: I mean, clearly there is seasonality component to it, in terms of where we are, so it's very much cat dependent. I mean that book is, that the business that we currently have in Mt. Logan is 100% property catastrophe reinsurance. So it's going to be very much a focus, it's very much a function of what is the cat business that's happened.
John Doucette: We don't really forecast combined ratios. We don't disclose that. Frankly, we are still closing out our planning process for next year anyway, but clearly that would be pretty close, giving you an earnings number. And we don't disclose that. But let me just make a comment about that, generally. Certainly, the market is difficult. There are many areas where it's very competitive. What we have managed to do is buy different products in the property cat space in particular, which is probably where your question is coming from, in part we have moved the different layers, changed attachment points, gone outside, as John pointed out, purchased retrocessional protection, diversified our book further, all with an eye towards trying to maintain the same return levels. And it's certainly, entirely possible that if some of this business doesn't meet our return objectives that we will begin to withdraw with certain capacity. And if that means that we manage our capital more aggressively, then we'll do that. So there's lots of levers that we can pull into this marketplace. With respect to ceding commissions, a lot of that frankly ends up in the casualty, treaty area. That would be the largest impact to us, the impact of increased ceding commissions. And in many cases where ceding commissions have reached extraordinary levels, we have actually even non-renewed or not participated in those offerings. So that does put some pressure on the treaty casualty writings, for sure into next year, if that continues, and we will see.
John Doucette: No. We would expect, assuming that we kept the same policy count we would expect the premiums to stay the same. We are and have talked about trying to grow the policy count with additions of staff in different areas that will help us do that.
