Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom and good morning everyone. Everest had a solid quarter of earnings with net income of $295 million, this compares to net income of $89 million for the third quarter of 2015. Net income includes realized capital gains and losses. On a year-to-date basis, net income was $623 million compared to $621 million in 2015. After-tax operating income for the third quarter was $273 million compared to $200 million in 2015. Operating income year-to-date was $630 million compared to $755 million in 2015, a primary differences were catastrophe losses and foreign exchange. The overall underwriting gain for the Group was $432 million for the first nine-months compared to an underwriting gain of $498 million for the same period last year. On a year-to-date basis, the overall results reflected gross catastrophe losses of $151 million in 2016 compared to $61 million in 2015. In the third quarter of 2016, the Group saw $18 million of catastrophe losses, these losses primarily related to the Hurricane Hermine in Florida, this compares to $34 million of catastrophes during the third quarter of 2015. The overall current year attritional combined ratio for the first nine-months was 85.2%, down from 85.8% for the same period in 2015. The 2015 attritional ratio included $60 million loss estimate for the explosions at the Chinese port of Tianjin. Our year-to-date expense ratio was 5.8% as we anticipated with the build out of our insurance platform and our Lloyd's Syndicate. For investment, pre-tax investment income was $123 million for the quarter and $358 million year-to-date on our $17.5 billion investment portfolio. Investment income year-to-date declined only $5 million from one year ago. We have been able to maintain investment yield without a dramatic shift in our overall investment portfolio. However, as Dom mentioned, we have gradually shifted allocations within our alternative investment bucket to de-risk the portfolio. We have reduced our exposure to emerging market debt and public equity while committing more toward fixed income, limited partnership investment, all while maintaining a conservative, well diversified, high credit quality bond portfolio. The pre-tax yield on the overall portfolio was 3% and duration remained at about three year. Foreign exchange is reported in other income, foreign exchange gains were $2 million in the third quarter. Year-to-date foreign exchange losses were $29 million, compared to $62 million of foreign exchange gains in the first nine-months of 2015. Both of these results are unusual and represent $91 million pre-tax swing year-over-year. The 2016 foreign exchange losses primarily reflect the relative strengthening of U.S. dollar against other world currencies including the British Pounds and the Euro. The foreign exchange impact is effectively an accounting mismatch, since it's offset in shareholders equity through translation adjustments and unrealized gains due to the positive impact of holding foreign investments that are available for sale. Overall, we maintain an economic neutral position with respect to foreign exchange, matching assets with liabilities in most major world currency. Other income also included $10 million of earnings and fees from Mt. Logan Re in first nine-months of 2016, compared to $15 million of income for the same period last year. The decline essentially represents the higher level of catastrophe losses during 2016. On income taxes, the 13.2% year-to-date annualized effective tax rate on operating income was lower than the 14.8% tax rate at this time last year. This is primarily due to foreign exchange losses and the higher level of catastrophe losses in 2016. A 13 to 15% effective tax rate on operating income for the full-year is in line with our expectations, depending on the amount of catastrophe losses for the remainder of the year. Stable cash flow continues with operating cash flows at $951 million for the first nine-months of 2016, compared to $802 million in 2015, which in part is reflective of our strong reserve position compared to actual paid losses. Shareholders equity for the group was $8 billion at the end of the third quarter, up $433 million or 6% over year end 2015. This is after taking into account capital return through $379 million of share buybacks, and the $144 million of dividend paid in the first nine-months of 2016, which combined represent a return of 84% of net income. Additionally, we repurchased another $7 million of stock after the third quarter close. These purchases will be reflected in the fourth quarter of 2016 financial statement. Book value per share increased 10% to $196.67 from $178.21 at year end 2015, generating 12% growth in shareholder value including dividends. Our strong capital balance leaves us well positioned for business opportunities as well as continuing share repurchases. Thank you and now John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operation.
Craig Howie: Else, this is Craig. What happened this quarter was in the past we had seen a number of one-off type losses that were non-catastrophe type losses that held up the attritional ratio in that segment. We were able to bring that loss ratio down more in-line with where it should be absent those losses.
Craig Howie: For asbestos, we always look at asbestos on a quarterly basis Kai. We do the annual review during the fourth quarter, we always continue to look any and all trends that are out there, as well as any clients that are taking charges that we would have exposure too, but again we will look at that in the fourth quarter.
Craig Howie: Michael that’s correct, if there are more losses or higher end of the catastrophe losses, we would be at the lower end of that late that I said 13% to 15%.
Craig Howie: It really depends on how high it is and with respect to our planned losses in the fourth quarter. So again, that’s a annualized effective rates. So guidance that I gave was 13% to 15%, would be on the lower end if we had higher catastrophe loss.
Craig Howie: So what we take through are the earnings and fees that we take are through other income. So far, year-to-date we've taken for $10 million compared to $15 million last year, the reason that it's lower this year is because the anticipated estimates for losses in the Logan book will remaining fees that we get until those losses are settled. So essentially that’s what you are seeing for Logan so far this year.
Craig Howie: No, I think what my comments and my remarks related to really the annual earnings, so quarter only as it impacts the annual earnings. So again, we look at the entire year, not just a quarter.
Craig Howie: Yes, so in the past, we had elevated losses including losses all around the world, Latin America as well as you know floods in Middle East and North Africa as well. So in essence what has happened is we have seen lower levels of those losses as well as a different mix of business that’s coming through those books and what you are seeing is ratio that’s more in-line with where it should have been in the past.
Craig Howie: So, we have written a couple of these deals and multi-years deals and so they earn in over seven year period or longer. And so earned premium certainly from the GSEs has not been that high, but from the deals we have already executed we expect to see in future premium is coming in from those, from some of the MIs. They spend been more on quota share basis, those have been larger to date. And it really depends on what their capital needs are going forward as to whether those are going to be a growth opportunity or not, it really depend on a lot of different things. Certainly the regulations have caused them to delever from 25 to one to about 18 to one and they are using reinsurance to buffer that capital support, we like that. So to answer your question about opportunity in capacity, we see a lot of run rate there on the reinsurance side, and we expect to continue to put forth capacity at the appropriate price.
Dominic Addesso: Elyse, we don’t really try to give guidance on where we think our premium growth will come from. We do of course think that directionally on the insurance side is that will be the side of our business that will grow at an increased pace relative to reinsurance. It's hard to say at this point until we get a little further long into renewal season, depending on where rates are and depending on what the opportunities that are presented to us. So, I think a conservative view like you are describing is not unreasonable, but there is a lot of variability around that numbers.
Dominic Addesso: Well certainly for the next several quarters I think we will see the expense ratio remain where it is. Remembering that we will continue to pursue growth, so there will be quite a few quarters frankly where the written and the earned will be at a line so to speak, in other words the written will be well above we earned. Our expense growth through the nine-months have actually been consistent with our top-line growth. So the raise in the expense ratio is explained purely by that. I would also add, if you compare our expense ratio to many of our competitors or peer companies, we are well below industry average from the expense ratio point of view. So we are not discouraged by the amount of the investment we have make in order to grow this business. And as far as the overall combined ratio, we should expect that given the fact that crop is now out of the picture, we should expect that to be more stable and frankly even improve overtime, particularly as we grow some more of the specialty lines of business that we are focused on.
Dominic Addesso: We appreciate the suggestion and we will certainly talk about that. The other thing I want to add at least to your question is that - not to add to your question but to add in response to your question is that the other thing keep in mind that affects reinsurance premium growth, we have a fair bit of pro rata business, so depending on what happens with some of those accounts that can have an impact on the percentage growth. So you have to keep that in mind as well.
Dominic Addesso: I would think that it would be relatively stable and again keep in mind that I think in large part that’s a question about property cat. And things can change a lot based on other lines of business growing the casualty portfolio, growing mortgage, credit. All those things have an impact on the reinsurance attritional combined loss ratio and result to combined ratio. So a mix can play a big factor as well as what I mentioned to at least pro rata, some of those accounts go away or get reduced that has the favorable impact as well.
Dominic Addesso: Well, of course it's hypothetical, because it all depends on what is out there. Generally, I would have to say that most if not all properties that where companies are seeking strategic options, given Everest size and scale we get an opportunity to look at. And obviously we've made a decision to continue on the path that we are on. In most cases or in many cases it can be result of price, it can be cultural fit, integration is a challenge, and in many cases in acquisition you have to look not only to what you can combine but what you have to eliminate and what we prefer to stay focused on is what we can add to our existing portfolio. In addition, over the last 18 months or so the market has presented many opportunities to hire some great talent. We are very pleased with that and frankly that’s a more cost effective alternative, without having to put on a goodwill on the book.
Dominic Addesso: And anything material as Craig says during any particular quarter we would have to put something there. But again it is subject to the yearend reserve reviews as well.
Dominic Addesso: Well, as I mentioned before currently and I don't know that I would describe it as a drag, given the fact that as I pointed out we have even on the insurance side, one of the lowest expense ratios in the business. So our expense ratio insurance wise year-over-year is elevated by two points. I would expect that differential to remain there for few quarters if not several quarters, because we certainly would expect the written premium growth to far outpace the earned premium growth and our actual expenses are growing consistent with the written premium growth. So when the earned premium starts to stabilize relative to the written, then you will start to see that expense ratio come in a bit.
Dominic Addesso: That's how we're thinking about it right now, correct. And by the way my point though is that you are calling it a build out, but in one word you could use is investment, the reality is, is that those expenses will be covered once the earned premium comes in to match it. or said a different way our expense growth is consistent with our written premium growth.
Dominic Addesso: The expense ratio, maybe I'll answer it by a combined ratio basis, because I think this is what you were getting at, if not come back again. But right now our attritional combined ratio is in the mid 90s, 95, 96 somewhere in there.
Dominic Addesso: But I'm talking about ex cats and et cetera. So we think that our base book is running right now in the mid 90s, we would expect overtime frankly that number to improve more dramatically from improvements in the book of business and affecting the loss ratio, because that I think is where we see the major benefit coming from.
Dominic Addesso: And the other way that you might want to think about Quentin is in terms of building models, you might want to also consider modeling the expenses or looking at our expense ratio relative to written as oppose to earned.
Dominic Addesso: Thank you to all that participating in the call. And kind of in summary, let just say that we are very obviously pleased with the quarter. Notwithstanding that to these challenges remaining at there as you all know. Certainly, market pricing is to top of the list and insurance growth for us is a journey that requires a lot of lot of hard work. We remain confident however that as far as cycles are concern, we had proven that we can effectively manage through these cycles, managing our exposures and our P&Ls and taking advantage of the opportunities that the market is giving us. On the insurance side, we remain focused on specialty areas in particular because this gives us better opportunity to avoid commodity type pricing. Ratings and scale make a difference and give us an opportunity to grow our insurance book, and while, as evident by the questions, expenses are up; but the growth there as I said is consistent with our written premium growth as it should be, the earns just has to catch up. And again, I want to emphasis that we are still best-in-class on the expense ratio side. So that’s something organizationally we pay attention to in both businesses. Overall, our flexibility allows us to commit our capital and resources to the best opportunity and our plan is to just continue this approach which has been successful for us in the past. Thanks for your interest in Everest and have a great day.
John Doucette: Thanks Dom, good morning Kai, just a little bit more on the loss. Most of the loss would be a reinsurance loss to us most likely, although we would have potentially some insurance losses, potentially in South Carolina and in terms of the overall split of the of the loss. We would point you that some of it would be coming from the Bahamas, where Everest is one of the larger reinsurers and have been for a long time in the Caribbean. So maybe about 25% of the loss and again that number will move around, but I'm just trying to give some directional guidance, but the majority of the loss would be a reinsurance loss coming from our Florida clients.
John Doucette: Well, good morning Jay, it's Jon. So it's going on right now, so we haven't had too much feedback from our team to build there. But we do send a meaningful team from recovering both Continental Europe plus Middle Eastern African clients and others that make their way there as well. So I think one of the messages that we have is the continued build out of our capabilities, we've added various people in our European operation and with that have added product lines that we can support. So I think the larger buyers are continuing to consolidate their placement which we are a net beneficiary of and the fact that we have meaningful capacity to deploy with Mt. Logan and Everest also helps us be even more relevant to the client. And as I said we have been viewed as a stable partner and with the increase in our capabilities we expect to have more trading opportunity with our European and Middle East, Africa clients.
John Doucette: The new quarter share in our business, in other words the Heartland was actually sold on August 24, so essentially what happens at that date is that insurance business then transfers over to be reinsurance business on the Everest books. And then we have quarter share with the new company to take in certain percentage of their overall book going forward in 2017.
John Doucette: By the way Quentin thanks for referencing to us as a dead horse. Quentin $44 million that Quentin is referencing, I think includes our - rate so we have to carve that out. But as we carve that out back to the point yes you are right, expense dollars or definitely up, as Dom said expense dollars are going to be up as net written premium is up as well, because we are growing that book. I don’t think you are seeing in outsized increase and expenses with respect to the increase in net premium. So from a percentage basis the overall ratio, the expense ratio has gone up just over two points. And that’s the way we are looking at it for now that it will stay at that level until we build out this book and then as you see the build out of this book in some of these new programs that business will earn in overtime. And as it earns in that’s when you will see that expense ratio start to moderate.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for taking my question, if we think about 2017 and beyond, as we look at the expense ratio in insurance, how much of a drag is there from the significant growth going on, and so where do you think next year as Heartland changing into whatnot, where does that shake out.
Joshua Shanker: Given the current size of the book at 200 basis points sort of build out expense on top, is that the right way to think about it.
Joshua Shanker: And I think there is I have to go review the last quarter as well, but as Heartland comes out, as I'm looking back trying to compare 3Q 2017 to 3Q 2016 on the expense ratio how is that going to direct it.
