Dominic J. Addesso: In terms of color commentary, we've had the US reinsurance base and our overall premium is down in part due to crock reinsurance being down on year-to-date basis as we transition that book into the insurance space. In addition, our treaty property premium again, US reinsurance has shifted dramatically to more of an XOL position. So year-over-year our XOL premium is up approximately 20%. And on the international space…
Dominic J. Addesso: Before we get into international. On the international side, we – our premium is down slightly particularly in our catastrophe exposed areas, but our PML is down dramatically in many of those zones and rate increases as Joe had mentioned earlier, in the international space, our – in the cat expo in the places where the losses, rates are up 20% to 40% in the loss free zones rates are up anywhere from 5% to 10%, most of the rate increases as it relates to Japan because of the expansion of many of those contracts will really not like to be realized until 71.
Dominic J. Addesso: Yes, our pro rata premium was down year-over-year, year-to-date basis close to $200 million on premium.
Dominic J. Addesso: Now let me also add to that to not confuse the issue, the premium number that I sited that was down includes both property and casualty. All right.
Dominic J. Addesso: While the Griffin loss, if you’re asking about that is likely to be somewhere between $15 million to $25 million to us that’s kind of the range of estimates we have around that. The $10 million that I was referencing is our cat threshold so any good loss any cat event above $10 million gets recorded as a cat loss, below that’s covered in our attritional expected loss and that is covered in our expected loss pick for attritional loss pick for the international segment. Does that, I don’t whether it answers your question.
Dominic J. Addesso: What we do in the interim periods is that we look at what we call our actual versus expected and it’s not a detailed accident year reviewed. And as I suggested in my remarks, those metrics are coming up quite favorable. We really can't answer that question specifically until we do our full reserve study near the end of the year. We do undertake a number of smaller reserve study, meaning, reserve studies on a less material segments or lines of business in these interim periods and all of those segments are performing favorably.Cliff Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.: Okay, thanks.
Dominic J. Addesso: No change from what we see on our side. Clearly, it is a complicated area in terms of claims, management claims, litigation et cetera. We’d look at that quarterly, we actually have separate reserve committee meetings on just those areas and that is still performing in within our expected tolerances as well. So nothing new that we're seeing there. We did show a small rather immaterial amount on the ANE line. This quarter as you may have noted that was not an Asbestos loss, it was an environmental loss. Frankly we haven’t seen an environment, new environmental losses reported in some time, quite some time. And so we just decided to take that new case and put it up in reserve. So that’s nothing, what you see there was not Asbestos, it was environmental.
Dominic J. Addesso: I don’t believe so I mean there should be I mean the seasonality to the way that premium comes on the books.
Dominic J. Addesso: We are thinking, Brian we are thinking that its in two to three point range in terms of increase in ROE.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well our plans remains for hurricane season to not to be buying anything back. but candidly, we're quite keen after that to and all likelihood get back to doing some meaningful buyback unless they have some overwhelming business opportunities in the market at that point.
Joseph V. Taranto: Matt, let me throw in looking forward. You know my sense when we look out the next year lets say, July 1 of this year into next. We will do more property premium than we did on a worldwide basis both in the US and on a worldwide basis than we did taking July backwards for a year, and this is just on the back of rate increase in some additional opportunities that some of which came up in June and July, but I think more will present themselves as the year goes on. But may be more importantly in terms of expected profit I just see the risk dynamic on both the pro rata that we’re doing and on the XOL that we’re doing much more favorable going forward, and in terms of expected ROEs and just premium and upside, downside analysis it does provide us for I think a better expected number. So I do think premiums will be up going forward, but again, the most important thing is the expected profit dynamics looks very good going forward.
Joseph V. Taranto: And then on the [guarantee] side I would add on that and that’s a little buffer to predict, but you can hear that we’re not bullish on that we’ve cut back quite a bit and unless the market has a meaningful change I don’t expect that would be up in the coming year.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, I think its probably marginally improves it you know there will be some dislocation as a result of combinations, some of it will be with regard to clients some of it will be with regard to employees and of course there is a whole lot of distraction that goes as these things take place. So we’re happy to not be distracted and we are happy to be looking at what is going on and basically trying to figure out how we can benefit from it.
Joseph V. Taranto: Let me expand on that and play actual for a moment. What Dom is referring to is, our reserve studies indicate the outcome of those studies is, there will be a certain amount of reported loss during the year, all accidents years combined. And then we compare what's actually coming in versus what we expected to come in, and so far, those comparisons are looking quite good for us.Cliff Gallant – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, I think you’ve kind of answered it already, Greg, but if there’s no losses I think you'll still see a very, very healthy market for CAT business one-one with the rates going up more modestly than they would have – if there are losses. I think the retro market even if there are no hurricane losses, we’ll still see meaningful rate increases over what it was written at a year ago. So we are more bullish on the property side, retro, Florida, other places around the world. Now, we're still pushing for the best terms and conditions and rates and we still recognize that this as volatile business, just look back the last year and a half, there’s a reason rates are up. And I think we’ve pushed as hard as anyone to get the best terms that we can. But we are pleased that there is more to operate with on the property side. We’re also pleased with some of the other things that are going on, the California comp responding, crop business doing well for us so far than medical stop loss. So it’s a mix back still casualty is not where I’d like it to be. But overall, feel much better about things than a few months ago.
Joseph V. Taranto: Even an average year is going to amp up changes. You take their $18 million and that maybe average and that may mean that you still make money your Florida accounts, because you’ve charged that and then something. But I think there is the psychological part as well as the economic part, which is just what’s going on in the world, how much do we rely on history, which didn’t have four major earthquakes happening and year and a half? How much do we rely on models that cannot contemplate everything? I think a lot of people are saying, let’s be very pragmatic about this, and realize that this is a cover that is much needed, it has a lot of volatility and my gut instinct is I don’t care what model say, we did more rate. So I think that whole notion will be filled by even unexpected amount of losses in Florida.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well, they are part of the supply and so they are a factor but even then I have seen some announcements for some new players coming in or some new capital coming in it really does not feel like it’s a whole lot right now relative to what I expect the demand debate. Of course all these new players coming in they want higher rates than last year or two, which is not like they want lower rates. So I just don’t think it is going to modify the market all that much plus I think there will be some very good demand by the buyers that have just taken some pretty good lumps in the last couple of years.
Joseph V. Taranto: Well I think John is referring to the worldwide ROE when you kind of blend all of our products together.
Joseph V. Taranto: But most of that two or three increase came from the property side of things and particularly from the cat side of things where the potential returns have gone much higher than what they were before and I think in almost all cases rate over 20% but I think when you put that together with the casualty and all other lines of business Dom and I our best guess was 13% on a going forward basis.
Joseph V. Taranto: I think they are better half, you know I think they have been allowed to get rate increases in the past year or so. Many of our clients took 15% rate increase three months back I think many of them are believing that they will be able to implement another 15% rate increase now. So that will tally to 30%, 35% rate increase there seems to be some talk on the political side to help them what sinkholes and the few of the other things. Yes reinsurance costs are a big part of the equation for them too and you’re right that is just one up. So that goes the other way. But still when you put it all together I think they are better half today then they were a couple of years ago. But, it’s still not easy for them.
Joseph V. Taranto: No. Your math is correct.Jerry Fine – Charter Oak Partners:  Got you. I used to have problems with math. Thanks a lot guys.
Gregory Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks. I wanted to just ask a bit about the loss trend on the longer tail casualty lines. Are you seeing any kind of pickup in frequency or severity on those lines? We've been hearing from a few carriers that an inflection point may have been reached.
Gregory Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. That’s very helpful. And then last is, just thinking forward into 2012 clearly you sound like property is going to be -- is sort of where the action is. Can you help us think about how that line might unfold under different loss amounts emanating from the upcoming hurricane season? So, you know, if there's no losses in the season, how do you think it'll play out if there's an average season which is $18 billion of losses. You know, what do you think would play out? And then obviously, I think we all know what will happen if it's bigger than that.
Gregory Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then if it's just an average year, Joe, how do you think it might play out? There is never an average.
