Craig Howie: Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter of 2019, Everest reported net income of $218 million. This compares to a net loss of $385 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. Net income for the full year was over $1 billion compared to net income of $89 million in 2018. These results were driven by a strong underwriting performance across the group, higher net investment income and lower catastrophe losses compared to 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Everest saw $215 million of net pretax catastrophe losses compared to $875 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The 2019 pretax loss estimates came from Typhoon Hagibis in Japan for $190 million and the Dallas, Texas Tornado with $25 million. On a full year basis, the results reflected net pretax catastrophe losses of $550 million in 2019 compared to $1.7 billion recorded in calendar year 2018. These losses are pretax figures, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premium. As a reminder, the company uses net after-tax loss estimates when setting its catastrophe loss budget for the year. Excluding the catastrophe events, reinstatement premiums and favorable prior period reserve development, the underlying book continues to perform well with an overall current year attritional combined ratio of 88.4% for the year compared to 87% last year. This increase was primarily due to the business mix in the Reinsurance segment, which has been writing more proportional casualty business over the past several quarters, which carries a higher loss ratio but benefits from the current underwriting market condition, also due to the impact of the current year crop reinsurance losses in 2019 of about $50 million. On reserves, we completed the remainder of our annual loss reserve studies during the fourth quarter. We booked $19 million of favorable prior year reserve development. This is in addition to the $75 million of favorable prior year development reported in the first three quarters of 2019 for a full year total of $94 million. The Insurance segment reported $16 million of favorable prior year reserve development during the quarter, which was largely related to its workers' compensation business. The Reinsurance results - segment reported $3 million of favorable prior year development during the quarter and $77 million for the year. The Reinsurance segment saw favorable development in some short-tail and credit-related lines, such as property, surety, marine and mortgage. This favorable development was offset by actions we took to strengthen reserves in the Bermuda segment for losses on some specific accounts for both property and casualty. Before moving to taxes, I'd like to remind you that we've included a split of our net investment income between the Insurance segment and total reinsurance. This is shown on Page 15 in the financial supplement. It indicates the contribution provided by each segment to pretax operating income and reflects $458 million allocated to reinsurance and $189 million of net investment income allocated to the Insurance segment. We are including this information to better demonstrate the total contribution by business segment and highlights the stand-alone value of the growing insurance franchise. On income taxes, the tax benefit was the result of losses associated with the catastrophes this year. Since the majority of the catastrophe events came from business written in the U.S. book, the losses and tax benefit primarily reflect the U.S. tax rate. The effective tax rate is an annualized calculation that includes planned catastrophe losses for the year. For 2020, we expect our tax rate to be about 12%, which reflects an annual cat load of about six points of loss ratio. Shareholders' equity for the group ended the year at a record $9.1 billion, up $1.3 billion or 16% compared to year-end 2018. The increase in shareholders' equity is primarily attributable to the over $1 billion of net income and the recovery in the fair value of the investment portfolio. During the quarter, the company announced an 11% increase in its regular quarterly dividend and paid $1.55 per share in the fourth quarter of 2019. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong. We maintain industry load debt leverage, manage a high credit quality investment portfolio and generate robust cash flow. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operations.
Craig Howie: Sure, Elyse. First of all as you said, we did take some specific action for both property and casualty in the Bermuda segment. For property, we primarily strengthened reserves for one account, which we no longer write, and also a specific loss related to some very older years. In the casualty side, we strengthened reserves for some specific accounts, including a nonstandard auto account that we wrote in 2015 and 2016. We no longer write this account. The other thing, as you mentioned, there are some puts and takes and there always are. We have over 200 IBNR scenarios. And so you're always going to see some ups and downs. But the other thing that's going on in the Bermuda segment this quarter is we had a one-time commutation of a contract. So that actually served to reduce prior period reserves by about $20 million, and it was offset by about a $20 million commission paid. So essentially, no material impact to the underwriting results in the quarter.
Craig Howie: There's always some movement up and down, Elyse, with respect to catastrophe losses. But overall, our current - our prior year catastrophe losses continue to hold, and there was no overall movement.
Craig Howie: Meyer, overall, I would say, the conservative numbers that we're booking come from how we select our loss picks over a long period of time. In other words, that's part of our annual planning process, and we take into account factors like rate change and loss trend and historical loss ratios. And as we set those reserves, we go through this process with our reserving actuaries, our pricing actuaries, our underwriting and our claims area as well as management. We select from various metrics, whether that be prior year loss selections, the plan, the bridge, which takes into account our - both rate and trend. And then we also have the reserve studies that come from the reserving actuaries. And then we also look at how the business is priced and how the underwriters select those loss picks. We go through that. We also compare that to our actual reported loss experience. And then we modify it each quarter as we go through the reserve committee meetings and the underlying assumptions. As I said before, we have over 200 IBNR categories that we look at, and some are - some go up each quarter, and some come down each quarter as we look at this and as we go through the reserve studies. So what I would say to you is the process has not changed. We continue to go through that process. We continue to quickly recognize unfavorable development that we're seeing in that process, but we tend to hold or recognize favorable development over a much longer period of time. So as I would say to you and I've said to you before, we continue to hold the more recent years. And again, this quarter, we took action on some specific accounts. But overall, the process has not changed over time.
Craig Howie: Essentially, for international it's not necessarily a true-up. What I would say to you is in that - in those areas of the world, and what I'm talking about here are Latin America, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. What we saw was fewer non-catastrophe-type storms in those regions, which allowed us to take down what we would call property-related loss picks that would fall below our cat threshold for that period. So that's what you're seeing come down in the fourth quarter for that region.
Craig Howie: And the two separate regions are U.S. reinsurance as well as it happened in Canada as well. So from a total reinsurance perspective overall, the $50 million is about 3.5 points for the quarter and about one point overall for the year.
Juan Andrade: Yes Elyse, this is Juan. So let me start then I'll ask John Doucette to add to this as well. So as you pointed out, we did see a very good opportunity in the retro market at 1/1. We continue to see a good economic bet from the perspective of rate momentum. We were also successful in moving further up in attachment points, et cetera. So for us that was really a very good opportunity. And as a result of that, you will also continue to see our volatility continue to improve, as both John Doucette and I mentioned in our prepared remarks. I think you will see that in our numbers throughout the year. Now with regards to casualty, we also continue to see pretty good opportunity on the reinsurance side, essentially for all the reasons that we mentioned, with the improvement in the primary side of things, particularly in general liability and some of the improvements that we've seen in excess casualty as well, and given the fact we are providing proportional treaties with some key clients, that was also a pretty good opportunity for us up in the 1/1 period.
Juan Andrade: So Amit, this is Juan. So look I think let me address it in a couple of different ways. So I think, number one, we are seeing a very programmatic shift in business mix in the company. It's something that we started really in 2019, and it will continue into 2020 as we look to manage volatility on the property cat side of things. And that's essentially the commentary that you've heard from both John and I. As far as basically being able to shape a book particularly at the 1/1 renewals, with lower volatility, better margin, et cetera, et cetera. At the same time, it's also the commentary regarding our mortgage book of business, which we continue to see as a terrific opportunity for the company, as well as pockets in casualty. And again, that's not across the board. We are very discerning underwriters in that sense, but we do see pockets of opportunity as we see the primary rates go up, as we see opportunities for tighter terms and conditions and for us to be able to play in that environment. So from that perspective, I think that makes us real. And let me turn it over to John.
Juan Andrade: Sure, Amit. Look, keep in mind also that we released a total of $94 million in 2019. So while we had $19 million in this quarter, there was also $75 million in releases in prior quarters throughout 2019. That being said, we do have an ongoing and dynamic process to review our reserves. We do recognize bad news quickly, and we require good news to be proven over a longer period of time. As we do these reserve studies, and if we identify an area where we do need to strengthen, we will take a range of actions. We will increase our loss reserves already on the books, we will increase our current senior loss fix, and we will adjust our pricing targets for new and renewal business. And I think that's some of what you heard Craig described, particularly for the Bermuda segment in the quarter. But also keep in mind that, I think as Jon Zaffino said, while in most classes in this current market, the rate that's being achieved is outpacing the loss trend. In our business, we do need to see results season over time. So that leads me to take a position that is cautious upfront, but frankly, willing to have an upside surprise in the future. So in the meantime, we review, we analyze, we act on our portfolio throughout the year, and that's basically the approach that we will follow and that you saw in this quarter.
Juan Andrade: Yaron, the only thing I would add is that the way we access alternative capital in the end of the year and to 1/1 really allowed us to build the capacity to deploy and to improve 1/1 market, as we discussed earlier, particularly to our retro and PURPLE products, while helping us to manage our volatility and our P&L. And so for us, that was very strategic.
Juan Andrade: Well, thank you for your questions and allowing us to talk about the year and the quarter. As I mentioned before, we are very well positioned for 2020. We were very pleased with our 1/1 renewals, and we're excited with the momentum that we continue to see in our insurance business going forward. So with that, we look forward to updating you at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
John Doucette: Yes, good morning Elyse, this is John Doucette and just wanted to follow-up a couple of things. So, yes, we did see opportunities in certain pockets of the reinsurance, and we saw opportunities in retro and Purple. We also saw places within the property area in the reinsurance that we didn't like, and we scaled back accordingly, and that freed up some of the cat load for us to deploy elsewhere. We also talked about and deployed additional hedges, reloaded the cat bonds. And they came in lower, which also freed up some of the EL. And then as Juan said, really trying to continue to diversify the book, which is growth in casualty, growth in mortgage and growth in facultative and specialty non-cat-exposed lines of business as well.
John Doucette: Good morning Mike, this is John. We definitely - let me go back to sort of what we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we definitely saw a meaningful uptick in the rate environment in the second half of the year. As you mentioned, every line of business has a bit of a different dynamic. We obviously have a process for tracking or viewing rate and trend assumptions across all of our lines of business. But I would tell you that we feel quite confident that the written rate is exceeding trend in virtually every area. It will take a little bit of time for that to earn through. And this is a comment a bit export comp, of course. But even in that case, we're still seeing negative frequency trends. So we're watching all of this. The uptick as I mentioned, of 12% in the quarter ex-comp, that's up from 7.5% in the third quarter, 6.5% in the second quarter, so you get the feel. So we feel really good about the rate environment. We like where we're heading, and we do believe on a rate basis, we are exceeding trend in almost every area.
John Doucette: Yes good morning Amit. So there are a couple of countervailing currents, and Juan touched on a couple I'll just add. So like what Jon Zaffino said on the primary side, we are seeing, when it comes to the proportional treaties we write in short and certainly in long-tail lines. We're seeing in specialty lines, we are seeing the rate lift. So we have changing mix of business, which is changing our attritional. We also see the rate changes. But similarly as Jon Zaffino said, we would expect that to take a while to earn into the numbers. So net-net-net, we probably look to the full year's attritional loss ratio as a good guide.
John Doucette: Good morning Yarn, it's John. So as we talked about, we have this - we've talked about before, we tried to have a holistic hedging program across the cat bonds, across Logan, across traditional and other nontraditional hedges that we have in place to really allow us to have the portfolio match the best capital to risk, manage the P&Ls and reduce the volatility. And we'll dynamically allocate between those based on market conditions, capital availability, really to try to set it up where we're serving our clients and our shareholders the best. In terms of specifically Logan and Kilimanjaro, so cat bonds in general for the entire industry are more out of the money, lower return periods. And they haven't had as many losses over the last couple of years, although there have been some. So there was - capital was tighter there, but we didn't see the same withdrawal to the same extent that more of the alternative capital playing in the sidecars and other kind of just straight up taking reinsurance or retro risks. So I think there was more availability there. And we had specifically decided that we wanted to move this - the new cat bonds lower more into the money and less just to be in the tail. So from an EL relief, actually despite it being less dollars of limit purchased, it was more EL relief than the expiring bonds that we had in place. And in terms of Logan, it really - there's a lot of moving dynamics. There's investors that have come in. There's investors that have scaled up. There's investors that have come out. There are investors that have scaled back. There is clearly - this is an industry comment, not an Everest or Logan comment, but there is investor fatigue with the losses and some of the surprise losses. So I would say, overall, third-party capital is tight right now. You still have trapped capital, even going back to '17, certainly from '18, and then Jebi happening. I mean Jebi and the development there as well as the recent Japanese losses closer to the renewal season also resulted in more trapped capital. So I think net-net, the third-party capital is tighter, and we'll continue to see that throughout 2019.
