Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth. Good morning. We are pleased to report this morning another favorable quarter, particularly during a period where there have been a number of global cat events for the industry. Despite these events, we posted $3.67 of net income per share for quarter. On an operating income basis, earnings were $3.17 per share, compared to $5.03 for last year’s second quarter. This difference is primarily due to cat losses with the net impact of $105 million after reinstatement premium and taxes. Also impacting the quarter were foreign exchange losses of $27 million or $0.44 per share after tax. Excluding cats, the underlying attritional combined ratio is virtually the same at 86% in this year’s second quarter versus last. Furthermore, the attritional loss ratio has actually improved year-over-year. This highlights the changes to businesses and product mix that have been achieved. You will hear later when the business leaders describing some of those changes, but it is worth emphasizing as we have in the past that the flexibility and nimbleness of our business model continues to yield good outcomes. Of course offsetting the decreased loss ratio is an increased expense ratio as we invest in our insurance build out. As I mentioned in the first quarter, this will moderate through time thereby allowing the improved loss ratio to work its way through the overall combined ratio. This moderation is already occurring, as you note the decrease in the expense ratio from the first quarter to the second. Notable however is that the total expense ratio for the insurance segment coming in at 28.3% for the quarter remains several points lower than our competitors and we intend to maintain this advantage as we expand the operation. That expansion is well-underway. Growth in the insurance book is beginning to take hold as gross premiums increased by 32% in the quarter. On the other hand, somewhat offsetting this is the decline in the reinsurance segment. Rate levels and foreign exchange continue to affect this sector. Nevertheless, as John Doucette will later detail, we continue to move our capacity to the better risk-adjusted business and new product areas, particularly credibility. I am always encouraged by our ability to remain bottom line focused. Another item of interest in the quarter was the recovery of investment income in the lower than expected first quarter due to improvements in our limited partnership investments. On a year-to-date basis we’re still slightly off of last year, but given the continued interest rate levels, this is completely within our expectations. The impact of lower rates will diminish over time as all the maturities come in. While overall returns on capital continue to face pressure, we remain as one of the top performing companies in the industry. In an environment with a so called risk-free rate as low single-digit, our returns are quite strong with a 9.4% ROE and growth in book value per share of 7% in the first six months. Our book value per share growth also benefitted slightly from our continued share repurchases during the quarter. However, this was less than anticipated due to a pause in buying when cat events began to emerge during the quarter. So, it’s not a concern over the amount but just the fact that we had knowledge of events affecting the quarter. Finally, I’d like to address our other announcement regarding our crop insurance business. As you may have seen, we have received a letter of intent for the purchase of Heartland, our crop MGA from CGB Diversified Services. This transaction creates an opportunity for us to more quickly expand and diversify our exposure to this business on a more efficient basis. In the short-term, there will be no appreciable premium impact. However, it will now be recorded as reinsurance rather than insurance. In addition, we will see an expected improvement in margin due to the benefit of a lower expense structure. Buyer scale creates a more efficient deal for us and given their presence in the market, we should continue to benefit as a result of our strategic alliance. In summary, we believe there are many great initiatives underway at Everest. Yes, there are many challenges but we continue to work through many of them successfully. My colleagues will next offer some further details on the progress we are making. I look forward to your questions after that. Thank you. And now to Craig for the financial detail.
Dom Addesso: Michael, I don’t think it’s a case of capital. We all know that this industry is awash in capital. I think it’s really taking the opportunity to -- there are certain markets and particularly that in disarray. Companies are changing and the marketplaces always influx. And I think brokers are in particularly always looking for highly rated carriers coming to the space to either replaced markets that are reshaping their own portfolios or the distribution for one reason or another or changes in their in their own teams, in addition perhaps upgrading some of the credit quality of markets that they offered to their customers. So, it’s more -- it’s not about capital, it’s ore about taking advantage of opportunities from what I’d describe as dislocation and the offering that we could make to brokers of top quality.
Dom Addesso: What I was specifically addressing though was the insurance segment, not the reinsurance segment, although some of the same qualities are there as well. And also, remember that on the insurance side, we have hired some notable talent in the industry, and with that comes relationships and business flows that way as well.
Dom Addesso: We are not at this point, since it’s just really a letter of intent, we are not disclosing detail [ph] of the transaction. But, I can say that there will be no material impact, gain or loss from the sale of company. As I mentioned in my comments that the premium impact of these from the short-term to the Group will be minimal, will be about the same in another words. So, right now, we have approximately $200 million of premium in the insurance base that we will transition forward to and be reflected in the reinsurance segment. So, it will be about the same, at least in the short-term. And then of course going forward, our participation with the buyer on reinsurance arrangements could -- and their expansion could make that -- the reinsurance premium go up over time. But no [ph] significant premium change to the Group; it’s just basically shifting it from one segment to the other of what we think as improved profitability.
Dom Addesso: That’s where [multiple speakers] originally, so, it flows through the same line item, if you will, in the second quarter.
Dom Addesso: Well, I think this loss and how it impacted our results was kind of what we would have expected. We speak to kind of writing business with the best risk adjusted returns. So, as an example, in Canada, we tended not to write reinsurance deals that are heavy personal exposure. So, that obviously had some benefit to us. In addition, at least for last renewal season, we tended to be in the higher attaching layers. So, the lower layers did not meet our risk-adjusted return characteristics. So, yes, it kind of translated into what we would have expected. Given our presence in Canada, we did not experience any kind of an outsized loss, generally because we are directing our underwriting to those areas that we feel give us the best returns. I don’t know if that’s frankly what you’re asking.
Dom Addesso: Yes, our growth rate in the insurance sector will certainly be in the high teens. I don’t know if we readily admit over 20%. But, again that’s going to be based on what the market opportunity presents to us. If pricing continues deteriorating to any great degree then perhaps we pull back in certain areas. But we have got a number of new initiatives that we are just getting off the ground. So, I think the growth rate should be solid teens.
Dom Addesso: Amit, we did not -- we really don’t go at it really that way. That certainly can be one methodology but we obviously had people on the ground assessing what’s going on there, as well as report from our clients. And it’s a little difficult with this of events because models aren’t unnecessarily built for this -- for wildfires. So, basing an estimate off of an industry loss is, in our view, very difficult and frankly not really appropriate. You can use that as a benchmark but at the end of the day, it really is about being on -- within the site as well as talking frequently to our clients and getting reports from our clients.
Dom Addesso: Not to my knowledge; we have not heard any negative feedback from investors about these kind of events.
Dom Addesso: First of all, it’s not technically a blackout period. What I was -- have mentioned is that the -- because we possessed material amount of public information about cat events, the fact that those reports of what those losses might be were streaming in, it became frankly little difficult for us to be in the market, not because of the size of the events but more because we were in the possession of material non-public information. But that’s -- I don’t know that that will technically be called a blackout period. As Craig pointed out earlier, we returned almost 90% between dividends and share repurchases, 90% of income. So, frankly, that’s not out of line with what we said we would do in the past, so.
Dom Addesso: As we’ve said in responses to questions about our crop operation for a long time that we’re always looking at strategic options. So, strategic options, in the earlier days, many months ago were more ago how we could build scale and how we could diversify because those were the two things that we needed to do to be successful kind of the primary MPCI [ph] writer. And folks at Heartland put certainly the great effort. But given the market dynamics it was very, very difficult to we found out to grow it organically and to diversify. And when we were presented this opportunity or this option from CGB, it was something that as we looked it, we said well, this would be a way given their scale, they’re already there in the space and we can immediately get the diversification of the scale that we need. And that’s what led to the decision to move in this direction. But, it was always with an eye towards wanting to grow it and diversify it, and recognizing that needed to be a scale business.
Dom Addesso: So, the 96, I would expect overall to frankly improve a little bit more from there, as we grow the Lloyd’s operation. The Lloyd’s premium has been slow to book because of the accounting that takes place in our Lloyd’s operation. And frankly if you look at attritional without Lloyd’s, it’s more like a 95%. So, as Lloyd begins to prove its economics, which it will do through the balance of the year, that attritional combined ratio we would expect to move even lower. The improving expense ratio, as I said in the last quarter, I would expect that to continue to moderate over time, but compared to historical levels it will probably still be above those for certainly probably the next 12 months at least, but trending downwards towards the more normalized level.
Dom Addesso: Those kinds of transactions generally are pretty lumpy. And so, there really isn’t any way to quantify that frankly on the top line basis. And I think the value we’re mentioning that was more of a strategic choice and direction that we’re taking relative to our bottom line focus. These are transactions that require a lot of time. And so, there really isn’t any smoothness to the premium that we can outline for.
Dom Addesso: Probably depends upon opportunity; we do tend to see more cautious going in the wind season, but that obviously is relative to the opportunity as well.
Dom Addesso: Well, I think certainly new hires. You need to have the staff in place in order to garner the business, but it’s really more about distribution relationships and opportunities in the marketplace to fill in void created by disruption, the disruption in the market that I mentioned earlier.
Dom Addesso: Well, I do think, it does appear in certain sectors that we’re kind of hitting a bottom. I am not though here predicting that next quarter or the quarter after that we’ll see some uptick. Perhaps we’ll be at this bottom point for a while. But I do think that at these levels, there really isn’t any room to go lower, if you want to maintain any semblance of adequate returns in your capital. And I think that’s -- those are the pressures that we all face. And we are seeing some discipline in the marketplace for now. But, I am certainly not predicting any major uptick at this point. So, there is still opportunity. You’re seeing some areas that are showing rate increase in the loss affected regions. So, those will be the opportunities to think about going forward.
Dom Addesso: Kai, as you know, we have not been that acquisitive. So, I am not -- it doesn’t necessarily change my appetite. You always have to be very mindful of any kind of acquisition, what it’s going to do to the business, is it strategic, what are the integration concerns et cetera. In this particular case, the acquisition is done because of round of skill sets that it did have, the marketplace was changing, but then a change began on us and we were really unable to really get the scale and diversification we needed. But no, it doesn’t necessarily change your appetite for looking at transactions that are -- that can be strategically important to us. But having said that, we are not a very acquisitive company.
Dom Addesso: I mean crop business doesn’t run to the low 80s on an expected basis; it’s probably more high 80s, low 90s kind of business.
Dom Addesso: The insurance model today is much different than it was back 10 years ago, which was mostly a program-oriented model. So that’s number one. Number two, I think we have offered or added awful lot of great talent to the organization that’s focused on the underwriting of business. So, it’s risk by risk, which we think gives us potential for a better outcome, as well as kind reengineering, if you will, of our program business. So, those two things we think will help dramatically. In addition, keep in mind that we are not growing at these kinds of percentages in one line of business in one territory, it’s a very diversified play across a wide distribution network. And so that I think we’ll also ensure that we have good outcome.
Dom Addesso: The challenge with Canada was that the number was moving around quite a bit. And we did have a number early on. And in fact as we got more and more information, that number frankly got a little better, but it kept changing. We did not have -- because of the question I was asked earlier, we didn’t think it was appropriate, we weren’t getting a right answer by using kind of an industry loss estimate, market share given how we participated in that particular event and with those particular clients. It wasn’t a simple matter of taking an industry loss estimate and a market share number. We had reports from clients as well as on the ground investigation. We didn’t know that frankly until relatively late in the game, probably two weeks ago, that we were comfortable with the number. In the meantime, as we have said in the past, we generally look at -- in an event or series of events going to be within our expected cat load. And thought that this was probably going to come in at the expected cat load and therefore a release on the event was not required. That’s kind of what we said in the past. Had we thought that this was going to be materially above our expected cat load, then we probably would have had reconsidered weather to put something out.
Dom Addesso: Thanks everybody for participating in the call. As I mentioned, we’re quite satisfied with our results given the frequency of events, some of which didn’t even reach the level of cat for us. So that’s a testament to our numbers. Our insurance initiative as we’ve mentioned is going well. And with crop moving to the reinsurance segment, improved underlying performance of this book should become more apparent on a go forward. On the reinsurance side, we continue to manage through the cycle. And as noted in some areas, our PMLs are down, pricing does appear to be bottoming, and we’re well-positioned to shift when warranted. So, again, thank you all and talk to many of you in the weeks ahead. Thanks again.
Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom. And good morning, everyone. Everest had a solid quarter of earnings with net income of $156 million, this compares to net income of $209 million for the second quarter of 2015. Net income includes realized capital gains and losses. On a year-to-date basis, net income was $327 million compared to $532 million for the first half of 2015. The primary differences were catastrophe losses and foreign exchange. After-tax operating income for the second quarter was $134 million compared to $225 million in 2015. Operating income year-to-date was $357 million compared to $554 million for the first six months of 2015. The overall underwriting gain for the Group was $234 million for the first half compared to an underwriting gain of $370 million in the same period last year. In the second quarter of 2016, the Group saw $149 million of current year catastrophic losses net of reinsurance. Of that total, $90 million related to losses from the Canadian wildfires, $36 million related to Texas hailstorms, and $23 million relate to the earthquake in Ecuador. The 2016 cat losses were partially offset by $25 million of favorable development on prior year cat losses, primarily from the 2011 Japan earthquake. The net impact of these losses after reinstatement premiums and taxes was $105 million. This compares with $23 million of catastrophes during the same period in 2015. The overall current year attritional combined ratio for the first six months was 85.7%, up from 84.5% for the first half of 2015. This is primarily due to the one point increase in the expense ratio. Our year-to-date expense ratio rose to 5.7% as we anticipated with the build out of the insurance platform and our Lloyd syndicate, but it was below our first quarter 2016 expense ratio of 5.9%. Foreign exchange is reported in other income. For the first half of 2016, foreign exchange losses were $31 million compared to $44 million of foreign exchange gains in the first six months 2015. Both of these results are unusual and represent a $75 million pretax swing year-over-year. The 2016 foreign exchange losses primarily reflect the weakening of the British pound during 2016 related to the Brexit vote. The foreign exchange impact is effectively an accounting mismatch since its offsetting shareholders’ equity for translation adjustments and unrealized gains due to the positive impact of holding foreign investments that are available for sale. Overall, we maintain an economic neutral position with respect to foreign exchange, matching assets with liabilities in most major world currencies. Other income also included $3 million of earnings and fees for Mt. Logan Re in the first six months of 2016, compared to $7 million of income in the first half of last year. The decline essentially represents the impact of catastrophe losses during the first half of 2016. On income taxes, the 11.9% year-to-date effective tax rate on operating income was lower than the 13.9% tax rate at this time last year. This was primarily due to the foreign exchange losses and the higher level of catastrophe losses in 2016. Stable cash flow continues with operating cash flows of $674 million for the first half of 2016 compared to $532 million in 2015, which in part is reflective of our strong reserve position compared to actual paid losses. As for loss reserves, last week we released our sixth annual global loss development triangles for 2015. There were no major changes since the 2014 release. Our overall quarterly internal reserving metrics continue to be favorable. Shareholders’ equity for the Group was $8 billion at the end of the second quarter, up $377 million or 5% over year-end 2015. This is the effort taking into account capital returns for $186 million of share buybacks and the $97 million of dividends paid in the first half of 2016, which combined represent a return of 87% of net income. Our strong capital position leads us with capacity to maximize our business opportunities as well as continue share repurchases. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide a review of the reinsurance operations.
Craig Howie: Mike, this is Craig, We show cats on one line, that’s the only reason that we don’t breakout prior year cats and current year cats, that’s the only significance. That’s the reason we book it out in our discussion topic for the call.
Craig Howie: That happened in 2015. So, this is -- 2016 year is more consistent with what you would expect to see going forward. There were accounting adjustments made in 2015, which is causing that comparison.
John Doucette: I think the way to think about it is look at the entire six months of last year and compare it to the entire six months of this year and that is a more appropriate comparison, because it was basically a kind of -- and we talked about it on last quarter. And it kind of washes over the first six months of the year.
John Doucette: Quentin, I don’t think it’s really out of line from our perspective. You remember, we’ve been steadily growing our E&S property book over the last several years, it’s been incredibly profitable for us. We do manage all of our accumulations at the Group level. So, in relation to a number of different benchmarks we look at, first and foremost group accumulation, our cat model, but secondly also our representative market share and any given market, the nature of the underlying events, both obviously two extreme events here with Fort McMurray and the Texas hail. So, the number might seem bigger than you’ve seen in the past, but in relation to depth of these books of business, we think it’s very much in line.
John Doucette: This is John. I think we communicate a lot with them on a regular basis, the Logan does and talks about the types of losses and exposures that they had and the Logan investors get access to a global portfolio and frankly expect to get losses all over the world, not just from hurricane, not just from earthquake. But again, given the returns that Logan has seen, Logan investors have seen which really are best in class, I think it just highlights the strength of diversification and the value of the mousetrap, the value competition of the mousetrap that we’ve built between Logan and Everest. I think if the investors -- it was nothing out of line for the investors side to the Canadian wildfires.
