Craig W. Howie: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report that Everest had a record quarter of earnings with after-tax operating income of $301.1 million, or $5.88 per diluted common share for the first quarter of 2013. This is a 25% increase over after-tax operating income of $239.9 million, or $4.48 per share for the first quarter of 2012. Net income for the first quarter was $384.3 million or $7.50 per diluted share, compared to $304.7 million or $5.68 per share in 2012. Net income includes realized capital gains and represents an annualized return on equity of 25%. These results were driven by $100 million increase in the underwriting result, offset by higher income taxes and slightly lower net investment income compared to the first quarter of 2012. The results reflect the continued improvement in the overall current year attritional combined ratio, which has declined more than 5 points from 86.4% to 80.7%. This measure excludes the impact of catastrophes, reinstatement premiums, and prior period loss development. The total reinsurance attritional combined ratio was 76.8% compared to 83.2% in the prior year. The Insurance segment attritional combined ratio was 98.5% compared to 101.2% in the prior year. However, eliminating the effects of the primary crop book, this ratio would have been 95.9% compared to 98.2% in the prior year. All segments reported underwriting gains for the quarter and all segments reported improved underwriting results compared to last year. Total reinsurance reported an underwriting gain of $210 million for the quarter, compared to $112 million underwriting gain last year. The first quarter of 2012 was impacted by $30 million of catastrophe losses. The Insurance segment reported an underwriting gain of $193,000 for the quarter, compared to an underwriting loss of $2 million last year. These results reflect a crop loss of $7 million for the quarter primarily due to the seasonality of crop premiums, but also including a $3 million true up from the 2012 crop year. The overall underwriting gain for the Group was $210 million for the quarter, compared to an underwriting gain of $110 million in the same period last year. Our reported combined ratio was 80.7% for the quarter, compared to 89.0% in 2012. The commission ratio of 21.4% for the quarter is down 2.4 points compared to the prior year. This lower ratio reflects the shift in reinsurance from pro rata to excess of loss contracts which generally carry a lower commission. It also reflects the shift away from program business to direct business in the Insurance segment. Our low expense ratio of 4.9% continues to be a major competitive advantage. Our recent industry analysis showed that we had the lowest overhead expense ratio in the industry for 2012, a full 2 point advantage. On reserves, our overall quarterly internal reserving metrics continue to be favorable. For investments, pre-tax investment income was $146 million for the quarter are now are $16.6 billion investment portfolio. Investment income declined $7 million from one year ago. This decrease was primarily driven by declining reinvestment rates, partially offset by higher limited partnership income for the quarter. Despite the decline in rates, our investment portfolio continues to perform well. The pre-tax yield on the overall portfolio was 3.7% with a duration of just over three years. The quarter reflected $83 million of net after-tax realized capital gains compared to $65 million last year. These gains are mainly attributable to fair value adjustments on the equity portfolio. On income taxes, the 12.3% effective tax rate on operating income is in line with our expected rate for the year. Also, recall the 2012 income tax expense benefited from favorable one-time adjustments. Strong cash flow continues, with operating cash flows of $226 million for the quarter compared to $166 million in 2012. This is despite the high-level of catastrophe loss payments over the last two years. Turning to capital management; as Joe mentioned, we have decided to call our 6.2% junior subordinated debt that was due in 2034. The noteholders have been notified and the redemption will occur on May 24. This will save about $20 million of annualized interest expense and we will use cash that would have been invested at about 2%, and net savings of about 4% will increase annualized earnings by approximately $13 million beginning in June. Shareholders equity increased to $6.8 billion this year, up $83 million from $6.7 billion at year end 2012. This is after taking into account capital returned for $239 million of stock repurchases and the $24 million of dividends paid in the first quarter of 2013. Book value per share increased 4% to $136.43 from $130.96 at year end 2012. Our strong capital position leaves us with the capacity to maximize our business opportunities, as well as continued share repurchases. Thank you. And now I’ll turn it back to Beth for Q&A.
Craig W. Howie: Let me start with at least the [6/1s] that are coming up, which I guess are more the Florida renewals.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Yeah.
Craig W. Howie: First of all, looking to the Florida market, and I do expect more demand but as you noted, there probably will be more supply as well. I won’t predict how that collectively moves the entire market, but overall, I still expect it to be quite a good market. I anticipate, we will have a very good June 1 renewal and we will be renewing business in healthy rates. We concluded a few deals so far for the 6/1 season and we’re reasonably far along on a few others and what we’ve put to bed so far is at similar rates to last year. On top of that underlying homeowner rates continue to improve, which will make quota share opportunities healthier and commercial property rates continue to improve making for better environment for our insurance operation, our property insurance operation in Florida and have facultative reinsurance operation. I expect XOL reinsurance to be well rated as well. Going beyond that to 7/1, again, it gets even a little fussier if you get into some of the international renewals. What we saw recently in April in Japan is that was a relatively flattish renewal, so we’ll see what happens when we get to July and beyond. But I don’t expect the world to change all that dramatically for cat business for provisional reinsurers.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. The other question I had was on crop. Do you have the percentage breakdown of your crop book, I think in terms of what percent is corn, what percent is soybean, and what percent is winter wheat? That would be very helpful 
Craig W. Howie: Our portfolio was about 40% corn, 25% wheat, 17% soy and then remaining mixture between cotton and another grains and beans. Now the most of the wheat is fall crop, if that helps.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Yeah, and I guess final question related to that, the corn planting is meaningfully behind, I guess, the long-term trend and it seems that the window is closing very quickly. I was curious if you had any thoughts on the corn planting and how that would play into the results going forward? Thanks.
Craig W. Howie: Yeah, let me add to that. Really and it’s early days for the crop business, but at this point, we have no reason to expect anything other than a normal season. Time will tell, but we have no indication otherwise at this point.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: I was just looking at a USDA report, which shows that if you look at Illinois or Indiana, I mean, if planting was 50% last year, right now is at 1%. And so you are saying that it should still be fine even though the numbers telling another story, okay. That’s all I have. Thanks for all the answers.
Craig W. Howie: Michael, this is Craig, and there were many options that we evaluated when we went through this process and frankly all the options were good options for us. This was the most accretive to our earnings and especially since it’s a risk free return to us, our capital position is strong enough to absorb this transaction where we didn’t have to replace it with other debt. And it really should have no impact on our share repurchases for the year.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.: Right. So the savings from, just want to make sure I understand, so calling the 6.2% debt would be more accretive to per share earnings than reissuing and repurchasing $300 million stock.
Craig W. Howie: Well, there are lots of moving pieces and you’ve got in excess of – will be in excess of $200 million of premium in crop for the year. Likewise, we’ll have well in excess of $200 million for the California comp, our primary medical stop-loss business is just under $100 million. We’ve got the non-standard auto business, it was at $30 million, expected to grow to $80 million and from there.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, I think last year my recollection was that the, was really a relatively early planting season and I think this year’s planting is along the expected calendar. So I am not sure of that we view at the same way as what you might be suggesting. Certainly, farmers need to get their crops on the ground before the middle of May and we still think that, there is plenty of opportunity to do that. There has been some floodings in certain areas of the Midwest that might delay some of the plantings, but much of the flooding does not affect farm lands and then to the extent that those areas that we designated as flood prone, we have the ability and have actually exceeded those risks through the assigned risk pool.
Dominic J. Addesso: We, as I made some reference to, the investment strategies really began with us several quarters, and we pulled down duration dramatically over the last several quarters. What we’ve done more recently has been relatively stable. Our duration is under 3 right now, and that hasn’t moved much last couple of quarters. So we’ve been stable in that regard. But we’ve done a lot of work in terms of moving that to where it is today over the last several quarters, which began as I mentioned a few quarters ago.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.:  So I mean, I just…
Dominic J. Addesso: So it’s pieces of that, our elements that we expect to grow, we’ve got an excess cash in the facility, we’ve got an environmental facility. We just formed this specialty insurance group which I’ve mentioned in previous, I think in the last quarter to focus on some unique classes of business and niche business. By the same token the program business is coming down, moving more to a direct broker model and all of those things are having the positive impact on our business. Also, our California DIC business has performed nicely and we have a property E& operation that could experience some growth in and strengthening property insurance market in particular.
Dominic J. Addesso: What Joe was referencing in that comment was the 6.1s that we’ve already put to bed or about to put to bed in Florida.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, there are Greg, I mean, I think that’s one I was saying I expect demands to go up, because you are right since it’s de-popping and that seems to be going to some of the smaller companies more thinly capitalized that are more in need of a traditional reinsurance. So that’s why I kind of said demand is on the rise. But at the same time, I do believe there is some supply on the rise in the sense that reinsurers like ourselves, surplus is building and there is some alternate capital coming in. So I wasn’t going to get into predicting when you put all that together what it means in terms of rate for the industry, but I really already know that we’re going to have a – we’re going to have a good June first. I mean, I know enough information to see that will be the case.
Dominic J. Addesso: I am talking about the XOL business on that, meanwhile, underlying insurance rates, at least homeowner rates continue to go up, and that makes that business healthier. And remember we participated in some quota share as well, and so that business is getting better that we participate via quota share and commercial property rates continue to go up and we do have a commercial property insurance book in Florida, so that’s getting better and facultative book, which does some commercial business in Florida is now going to be dealing with insurers that have gotten better rate on their business. So there are various things going on, but when it all shapes out, at least, for us, I expect it to be quite good at June.
Dominic J. Addesso: I would answer that, that some of these alternative capital providers can’t really offer the same products that we offer where we can kind of tailor our products to the client’s needs. And also, we have relationships with many of our partners, business relationships that go back for many, many years; underwriting facilities around the world. So we have some competitive advantages over these – over this new capital if you will. But it’s a little bit complex in terms of how this is going to affect everything and further you look at, we’ll see.Brian R. Meredith – UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Joseph V. Taranto: Adding a little bit more to that, I mean the crop business will probably be roughly speaking, 25% of our business. And as I said we’re expecting a normal year, normal year means a very reasonable profit. Workers’ comp is probably another 25% of our business and rates continue to go up there quite nicely. Frankly, in the course of the last four years, we’ve achieved compounded 60% of rate. So if you put those two together, which are trending nicely, and you are up to a half of the book.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.:  Right.
Joseph V. Taranto: After that as Dom noted, professional liability making a portion, which is running very well, medical staff loss making a portion, which is running very well. the non-standard auto portion, D&O and property rates are going up and that’s a portion. So, you can kind of, that helps quantify for you, but everything is moving in the right direction. and frankly, if you take out the blip from crop in this quarter, it’s 96 when you put it all together even this quarter. So …Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.: All right.
Joseph V. Taranto: That’s what we feel good about it.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.: Got it. And so, you’ve got about 2.5 point of underlying combined ratio improvement ex crop in the segment year-over-year? So as we kind of look is you’ve got crop, which is anomalistic from rate environment, you’ve got workers comp where it sounds like you’re saying that rate is running at a healthy clip ahead a loss trend. And then, if we’re look at the other 50% of book, how should we think about the migration there in terms of where your – is there an amalgamated rate versus loss trend where you are aiming or targeting for that we can kind of think about as that book moves ahead? And thank you for all your answers.
Joseph V. Taranto: I already, I think I mentioned in my opening comments, the margins that we’re experiencing in our medical staff loss book of business and professional liability book. We’re obviously pleased with those margins, but as I said, rates appear to be flattish in that environment. So we’re not expecting huge amounts of growth, but we’re certainly – those two classes of business if you will are easily meeting our hurdle rates. As the casualty rates for us are going up double-digit and certainly, we would expect that trend to continue above, certainly above loss trend. And so we expect to see growth casualty space in the primary market.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co., Inc.: Great, Thank you so much.
Joseph V. Taranto: Yeah, we put to bed probably close to half of the premium that we’ve done on XOL business that we did last year, we put that to bed this year and pretty flat rate versus rate. So there is more to come and this will take a couple of months, but that’s what we’ve experienced so far.
Joseph V. Taranto: Keep in mind, we not only this quarter are effectively doing the buyback, we are also redeeming $320 million bond. But I think what all of that says as we’re feeling very strong in terms of the portfolio, the current earnings, the future earnings. And frankly, we’re also feeling it, agreeing with you that it’s a good time for us to be buying and to be buying in a very significant way. We look at $0.25 billion as if it was the significant in the first quarter, Greg? I don’t know how many others are going to be buying back 4% of their stock in this quarter.
