Dominic J. Addesso: Thanks, Beth and good morning. We are pleased to report on favorable second quarter results this morning. Our operating income per share has improved for both the quarter and the year over the comparable prior year period. Net income per share for the quarter was up over the prior year, but the six month number is lower for 2014 due to lower realized gains on investments in 2014. The improvements in operating results are clearly driven by continuing and growing underwriting gains, offset of course, by declining investment income results. The underwriting results did benefit from lower cats this year, but do reflect $45 million of losses in the second quarter, half of that reported last year. Nevertheless, our underwriting gain in the first half remain strong at $423 million, which was up slightly over the prior year due to growth in premium earned. The growth in premium was achieved while maintaining margins, which is a reflection of our ability to navigate through this market. Yes, rates are down in many of the cat exposed regions, however, by changing attachment points and reallocating capacity to different product types and new products we have been able to secure additional business at rates that meet or exceed our hurdle rates. In addition, our Mt. Logan facility and other similar arrangements permit us to present more meaningful capacity to clients, which enable us to secure placements at terms that are acceptable. This trend will continue into the third quarter as we have secured capacity from the Cat Bond placement we sponsored as well as some purchases of ILW capacity. We are a significant market with over $7 billion of capital, and these strategies allow us to lever that up even further. Combined with our A Plus rating and team of innovative and responsive underwriters we are increasingly becoming a market of choice. Nevertheless, we must continue our disciplined approach. And in some segments you will note that we were forced to retreat due to pricing. John will cover this further in his report, but of particular note is the fact that essentially all of out net premium growth was in our U.S. reinsurance segment. The insurance operation continues to perform well, with an underwriting profit in both the first and second quarters of this year. Growth has been constrained due to the crop book, which has actually declined year-over-year by $75 million due to lower commodity prices. That means, of course, that all of our other targeted growth areas are doing well. Primary pricing is still increasing although at lower rates, and as such, our insurance result excluding crop is running in the mid-90s, which is an improvement over the prior. The crop portfolio was expected to improve but will lag the other lines this year as we are making significant technology investments there this year. We were active this first quarter on capital management, and Craig will get into the details. Given the financial flexibility gained from our sponsored Cat Bond, the Mt. Logan facility, IOW purchases and our new debt offering we continue to have the ability to maintain share repurchases within our earnings stream while at the same time expanding the franchise. All in all we feel that with an increase in shareholder value per share of over 10% in the first half, we have done an excellent job in a challenging underwriting and investment market. We have the talent, resources, capital and most importantly discipline to continue that through the cycle. Thank you. And now, I will turn it over to Craig for the financial highlights.
Dominic J. Addesso: There are a number of factors. One is mix of business, another would be some of it is pro rata and to the extent that primary pricing is increasing that impacts it. And I think your question was just related to the reinsurance book.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Yes.
Dominic J. Addesso: Correct.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. The other question I had is just going back to your discussion on the crop, how should we think about the future with the prices being down but the yields being up? How do you feel, how does this play out? I know it is a bit early, but would just love to get your thoughts for the future on the crop.
Dominic J. Addesso: We’ve already given part of my answer which is – it is bit early and you know for now weather is looking favorable. So we are anticipating decent yields certainly commodity prices are down for now, but there are still a lot of room to go on where that market settles out. So and then you’ve got the issue of retentions by the – or deductibles that the clients have retaining portion of a risk. So we are anticipating at this point that the downward turn in commodity prices would be a factor. But there is still plenty of room to go here.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: What percent of your – I am sorry…
Dominic J. Addesso: Amit, I want to go back also to your first question which is the declining property cat pricing, you also have to remember that property cat premium only represents about 25% of our total premium. So you can have a decline in pricing there, but other new products and other things can – it's highly levered, the impact of that is highly levered.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. Fair enough.
Dominic J. Addesso: That’s correct. Excuse me. Let me just clarify that. These were clients we had one year ago but these particular transactions were not in place one year ago.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, I mean it is essentially the ability for these clients that need Everest in that marketplace with our rating and our capital and it enables them to increase their participation in the markets that they operate in by patterning up with Everest on these particular transactions.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, it is a significant portion, no question. Because – but you got the cats that you earn the premium. And you have got commission in brokerage that gets charged against that, so it is a significant percentage of profits, no question. 
Dominic J. Addesso: It is mostly the reinsurance segment. On the insurance side most of our contingence arrangements would have been with MGAs, and, of course, as you know, we have been shrinking our participation in that segment of the market. So while we still have some reserves out there for profit sharing, contingent payouts the impact of that is much smaller. It is mostly the reinsurance book.Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Okay, fantastic. Thanks very much.
Dominic J. Addesso: You right, but over time our mix between pro rata and XOL really have not changed that dramatically. And, in fact the reference quota share that we are now off of in particular in Florida we have replaced with some other Florida quota shares, as well as some quota shares in the Northeast. So again the book is constantly – it is fluid.Brian R. Meredith – UBS Securities LLC:  Got you.
Dominic J. Addesso: Not in any strong trend that we could identify at this point, Brian.Brian R. Meredith – UBS Securities LLC:  Great. Thank you.
Dominic J. Addesso: Let's maybe clarify something, it is retro sessional absolutely in the way it is booked or what it is called, but it is not really retro in the way you are implying. These are transactions that where we are participating with some global clients on deals where we are taking a premium in the front end and they are participating to a significant degree as a reinsurer of that in coming portfolio. So don't think of it in the terms of we are out there buying retro in the retro market. It is not that. We do – we have increased our quote on quote retro buying just from the mere fact, we have the Mt. Logan facility and various ILWs that we are buying, but it is dwarfed by the strategic transactions that we have been talking about earlier. So that percentage that you see, that you saw in terms of sessions is likely to persist but it is not necessarily going to grow dramatically from here unless we find other strategic relationships and transactions to enter into with clients. So that is the best I can do about telling you what is out there in the future with respect to that numberVinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc.:  Sure. But it says on the gross written premium line says you are also taking more on the front end and then giving it out sort of on the back, correct? I mean that is the way to look at it.
Dominic J. Addesso: Just that was really more of a function of the fact that our Heartland the crop premium was down dramatically this year as I mentioned because of commodity prices and the commission ratio in the crop book is less than our standard the other primary lines of business.Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc.: Sure fair enough. And then the last one the share repurchases I think you answered that question. But if I heard you correctly, you said you can sort of give back all the capital from earnings despite growing your business. I just wanted to understand that correctly. Can you buyback…
Dominic J. Addesso: I don't know that I quite said it that way. I basically said that we certainly look – our share repurchase program looks to be contained within earnings, that does not necessary mean that we are saying or predicting that we would buy-in up to our actual earnings. It all depends on the price of the stock. It depends on what opportunities we see out in front of us and what our needs for capital are, but certainly we got a little bit behind our targets in the second quarter again due to price movement in the stock.Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, because we have got other forms of capital we can hedge the exposure.Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management LP: Okay.
Dominic J. Addesso: So if – that we didn't have in the late 90s. So if we are able to utilize the capital markets and improve our ROEs while at the same time maintaining, and John mentioned this but it is worth reemphasizing, our net PMLs from the beginning of the year have not really changed materially as a percentage of capital. So we are expanding margins with basically the same PML exposure.
Dominic J. Addesso: Well, thanks for all your questions this morning. In summary, I would like to just reemphasize that despite the many challenges that are out there in the market place that we have discussed this morning, we remain optimistic about continuing to deliver double digit ROEs due to our size and ability to navigate through this market. So again thank you for participating on the call this morning.
John P. Doucette: Most of it. A vast majority of it is revenue based.Amit J. Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. I'll stop here and re-queue. Thanks for all the answers.
John P. Doucette: You can see that in the segment report in terms of what the gross written premiums that are seeded to Logan in the Logan segment at the back of the analyst report.Jay H. Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. So that is just direct from the Everest Re book.
John P. Doucette: Right and the 10% to 15% was a comment on Florida rates. We also talked about how we move up in programs where the rates weren't – we move within programs so that the impact to us may not be 10% to 15%, but then the comment on the one to two combined ratio point that was on our global property book and I think that just highlights the kind of the strength of a diversified portfolio trading in 80 countries around the world where we write property reinsurance with clients that we've been trading with for a very long time and it helps insulate our portfolio and we look to grow areas around the globe where we think we are getting paid to take the risk and that helps to insulate our portfolio for various rates decreases that are happening in different areas.
John P. Doucette: That’s our job, to find areas like that and others.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Got it.
John P. Doucette: I mean, there is a whole array of deals. But as Dom said, we have done a lot of different things in the credit space, some in the mortgage space too.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Got it. Okay. And then one question about Mt. Logan, so the cat load there was higher than the legacy business. So is that what you would expect that Mt. Logan will run at higher cat load than the sort of on balance sheet business or was that somewhat anomalistic as we are trying to figure out how the relationship between that and your on balance sheet business moves.
John P. Doucette: This is John. If I understand your question correctly, it is what is the embedded cat load as percentage of premium. Mt. Logan is taking all and only property catastrophe excess the loss business, where Everest on the reinsurance book and the cat load as a percentage of premium is applied to all lines of business. So you would see…Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: A more concentrated. Okay, that makes sense.
John P. Doucette: Yeah.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just last question, Dom, I think a number of questions you mentioned 25% cat as a percentage of premiums. Do you have any – what is that in terms of as a percentage of underlying or underwriting profitability? Just trying to right size those two.
John P. Doucette: There was lots – one way I would describe this renewal was very volatile.Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management LP: Got it.
Craig W. Howie: Basically the price of the stock kept going up and exceeding our target in terms of what we gave, instructions that we gave to our broker and we just couldn’t keep pace with it.Jay H. Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc.: All right. I guess that is a good problem to have. Thank you very much.
Craig W. Howie: Well impart with what I mentioned before and I will ask John to comment as well, but again recollect that the cat premium particularly the cat XOL premium, are total cat premium is 25% of our total premium volume. So if that pricing is down 10% to 15% it’s not going to be dollar-for-dollar impact of the combined ration across the entire book. So there is that leverage impact.
Craig W. Howie: That’s correct Kai. So let me just explain a little bit. Taxes – operating tax specifically operating tax was based on the geographic region where the income is earned, right and then its also based on the tax rate in that country. What we had is an annualized rate of 14.4% that’s higher than where we were after the first quarter at 13.8%; it’s primarily due to the fact that we had lower than planned cat losses. So with a full cat load for the year we would expect our tax rate to be somewhere between 13% and 14% and with the remaining cat load for the rest of this year, we expect it to be at about 14.5%. If we look at this with no more cats for the rest of the year, I would expect that rate to even rise further to about a 15% to 16% rate. So it’s really based on – currently it’s primarily based on the amount of catastrophes that we have or don’t have during the year.Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Craig W. Howie: I mean, given the volatility we would certainly expect it run to a higher percentage underwriting profits for us to assume the volatility tied to the capital. And we would – likewise we would assume it to run to lower combined ratio.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Right, got it. Okay. Thank you.
Craig W. Howie: There was an impact to the book this period. Again it is based on the amount of premium that was leaving and being returned, but small impact to the book this period.Brian R. Meredith – UBS Securities LLC:  So it wasn't big under going out, okay.
