Dom Addesso: Thanks Jon. Good morning and welcome to our call this morning where we are pleased to outline the excellent results we had for the quarter. As you've no doubt seen by now, our net income per share for the quarter was $8.39 resulting in an ROE of 16.1%. This combined with the first quarter equaled almost $17 per share and a 16.5% ROE. The quarter saw a continued underwriting profitability in both our Reinsurance and Insurance divisions along with a very strong level of investment income. My colleagues will give many of the details underlying our success, but let me say that we continue to execute successfully on our strategy. For Reinsurance, it has been a diversification effort and over time, has seen growth in casualty, mortgage and non-cat property and of course our strategic repositioning in the insurance space which began just over four years ago is now hitting its stride. Given our scale, ratings, global franchise and diversification in all our businesses, we can capitalize on the rate momentum we are now seeing in the market. Rate activity, we are seeing; however, is still spotty and in several instances not yet at levels they need to be. Nevertheless, this certainly appears to be a market that will continue to see Re. Our observation of capacity pullbacks and an increasing flow into the facultative market and the E&S markets are encouraging signs, perhaps not a classical hard market but given industry reserve positions, capital levels and frankly better analytics. The amplitude of prior pricing cycles is likely being replaced with more timely actions. I believe that is in part what we are seeing now. An element of this is also in reaction to loss trend. There has been much discussion about loss trend over the last couple of weeks. No doubt it is evident in many classes but to varying degrees and while everyone is looking for a Point estimate, there will undoubtedly be varying numbers based on book profile, class, attachment point et cetera. As a general comment our rate increases are for the most part, above trend. In addition, we would expect that loss trend to continue and accordingly rate increases will likely persist. My colleagues will get into the many details on our results. But it is worth emphasizing that over the past several years, we have continued to diversify and reduce volatility. One measure of that is our expected annual cat loss which just a few short years ago was 12 points as a percentage of premium and now stands at approximately 6.5 points. The end result is less volatility and improved profit targets. Our reinsurance division has successfully diversify this portfolio. As I mentioned earlier and our insurance segment now at over 30% of our business. Is growing profitably. At its current pace, as I mentioned in last quarter the sum of the parts should prove to be quite positive. Thank you. And now to Craig for the financial highlights.
Dom Addesso: This is Dom. I'll start and ask Mr. Doucette to - and Craig to complement wherever I say. But first of all, I think the comparison against the year ago quarter is a little bit difficult because of the number of adjustments that we made in the second quarter of last year. So we think the more appropriate comparison is to look at the full year, December of '18 against the six months of '18. So the gap that you described is much narrower. Again it's business mix shift, it's certainly conservative loss picks, less of a factor is any loss cost trend, but those are the main drivers of the movement and the other thing to keep in mind is that through six months we still carry fairly good size non-cat, cat loads so that's also reflected in the six months numbers. We're in the full year that tends to get equalized out. So those are some of the factors, I don't know if Craig or John want to add anything to that.
Dom Addesso: And one of the things I'd add to that, Yaron, is that you know reinsurance by its very nature can be a little lumpy, so I wouldn't necessarily look at any year-over-year increases in premium as some kind of a forecasting tool, if you look at our property pro rata. For example, that moves around a fair bit and to John's point if you can't come to term with a client on a particular deal then you've got to slug a premium that - pro rata can be lumpy. So you can have a slug of premium that can be here one year and gone the next. It's not particularly troubling. For us, again our franchises is one in which we continue - each and every year, we gained momentum in the marketplace across many different product sets. So the momentum is still quite fair.
Dom Addesso: I'll start and ask Mr. Zaffino to answer that. Our combined ratio and loss ratio is here again, also driven by mix. So in the insurance operation - by the way is a great, a great result and we're quite proud of it. But we've got this additional rate activity, rate increases coming into the market, we have not pull down our loss ratios to account for any of that we tend to be more conservative in our loss picks. So we continue to pick the same loss ratio on a higher premium base on the other hand, again to reflect some level of conservatism where comp with rate decreases we've actually increased our loss pick and will come, given the fact that they were rate decreases that we're facing. So we've kind of short sighted ourselves in a way there and then I guess the last point you mentioned or I mentioned already, but mix, so we have a bit more risk management business in our portfolio than we anticipated, which just by - and accident and health business, which by its very nature, books at a higher combined ratio still very profitable, consistently profitable business. So that's some of the reasons why perhaps we're not seeing as much movement as you would otherwise have expected in the combined. But nevertheless we are still anticipating continued improvement over the quarters and years ahead. So Jonathan, you have anything to add.
Dom Addesso: Right, so the - for the first half it's 85.4 not 86, not to get too precise, but for on the attritional side. And look at in the reinsurance business it's difficult to predict where the mix will go because as we've talked about many times over many, many quarters, we'll put our capital to where we think the best opportunities are and what emerges next year is a better opportunity. Who knows, but I would say that where we are mix wise today is probably balanced, where we would expect to be over the remaining quarters. Certainly we would expect more writings in mortgage, which as you know carries a lower combined ratio I don't know that we necessarily see any explosion in casualty from here relative to our other lines of business. So I think the mix is kind of fairly stabilized in terms of where it is today and I will. I would like to emphasize. And I know this is in the point you were quite making here but certainly what we've seen in any of the write-ups the headline of margin deterioration and again, what I'd like to point out is with the growth in premium. It might be a deterioration in the ratio but the overall absolute dollars of underwriting margins have increased over time. And in combination with a lower in cat load frankly, that gives us, and also I think about the investment income flow without - over $800 million of positive cash flow in the first half of the year. All of those things are we think improving our profit target, overall profit target, so - and with the decreased level of volatility. I know that isn't quite more than perhaps you asked but I think where we are now.
Dom Addesso: And as far as the shift that John was talking about. Generally, and this is mainly a Florida comment, the layers down low, lower traction limits we're frankly under-priced in our view and the increases there was nowhere near appropriate and also emphasize that we have increased some of our cat book outside the U.S., so John mentioned specifically Japan as one example.
Dom Addesso: Jon, you have anything on that - The casualty in the reinsurance side, I will let John to comment I don't know if he has the specifics at hand this morning but clearly casualty includes work comp, includes professional lines, the liability businesses well, it's all included. I don't know if you have a mix handy. We don't have the specific number but up a 1,000 foot view, I would say that the heavier casualty is really about 20% of the portfolio. Recognizing at more we write this in kind of the U.S. in the London market et cetera. But then we also do write it all over the world. And then a lot of those other world of other areas. It's a, it's a lot more of the softer casualty as well and we are seeing opportunities there and we're seeing opportunities, as I have mentioned before in the back of which our book is 60% casualty and at 60% international. So also kind of diversifying away from that really heavier casualty book. But we do write a fair bit of comp in there. Embedded in some of the program, environmental and there is a pretty diversified portfolio that we have both in territory and sub lines.
Dom Addesso: Look as we recognize that and that we primarily see this, what we're seeing in the inflation area with the loss cost trends. Is mainly in coming from our insurance book reinsurance book given the varieties of treaties that we write. It's hard to call a trend because it can vary by the type of business that you are in the class of business the territory, et cetera. So we frankly rely on what we're seeing and the insurance side, at least in the early days. And clearly we see a loss cost trend. Hard to determine whether that's what you're calling social inflation or just traditional severity and frequency.
Dom Addesso: I don't know, don't see any - necessarily any huge jury awards, if that's what you're getting at coming through our insurance book and or coming through our reinsurance side.
Dom Addesso: So to sum that up. I would say that we don't necessarily see any "shock to the system." coming from what everyone is identifying as loss cost trends. But it is something that we and the rest of the industry frankly are addressing and are dealing with and recognizing that it's a factor in reshaping portfolios, taking a look at rates et cetera. And I think everyone is being very deliberate about that.
Dom Addesso: Thanks everyone, for your dialogue this morning and patients and a little over, but that's fine. And I can't help but wanted to emphasize that the strategic journey that we've been on is proving successful. I just caution us all to sometimes not to focus one individual metric and for us I think the focus on the fact that our increased diversification has increased our absolute dollar margin - even though our combined ratios may increase due to a lower proportion of cap business but the advantage there's less volatility along, but along with an overall improved profit target and by the way I include investment income on that. We are a unique franchise, global franchise that is delivering returns at the highest levels of the industry right now. An exceedingly well positioned for the future. So again, thank you for your interest and look forward to your dialog and questions in the weeks ahead. Take care, have a good day.
John Doucette: Yes, it's John, good morning. Just one thing, I think we had about $32 million of reinstatement premiums in last year's Q2 which also skews, the comparison of just isolating the quarter-over-quarter comparison.
John Doucette: And Elyse, this is John, just to add a little more color. I mean, we're close to done within the treaty world of what we're going to put on the books for this year. They will still be facultative throughout the year. And there'll be the odd treaty deal. But obviously not that far along is January 1st and so we'll be watching closely obviously what happens in wind season as well as what we think the capital situation is the supply demand balance and that will dictate how much capital we deployed going forward and you know there continues to seem to be some dislocation and capacity shortages and trapped capital and related - related events As I talked about earlier. So we'll watch that and that will influence mix as well as we head into the New Year.
John Doucette: You're absolutely right, I mean we pushed rate and one of the ways that the market is going to get hard is - or okay - and less people willing to walk away from things and we pushed and we pushed and in some cases, we came off. We also did move up particularly in Florida, we moved up the tower, which again we thought that was a better place, better risk adjusted place to play and that that could be less, less premium, but it doesn't mean that it's less profitable risk adjusted profit. So we were pleased with how we reposition that book and then there certainly been up a couple of pro rata deals where we, we pushed for certain ceding commissions and the current summits and things like that and we didn't get there, but again we're bullish. We're not retreating from property at all. We thought after $200 billion, $250 billion losses maybe we had a view on what the right rate was to deploy capacity and something we talked about before is, we're also looking at is not in isolation of just property. We're also looking at it has the opportunity set for us to deploy capital whether that's into the casualty space where we see in an emerging situation, obviously the insurance, the facultative both casualty, and international property as well as the mortgage which we remain very bullish on. So we're also, we're looking at it beyond just a property comment. We're looking at it across the whole global portfolio.
John Doucette: So particularly on the Florida part, Elyse, it's John, again And particularly on the Florida part where the view of the increased risk from some of the social inflation aspects we thought were more prevalent on the lower layers.
John Doucette: And just to echo Dom's comment earlier, we did take a little bit more of a conservative view of this year in the comp line in relation to some of the increased rate reductions that we were seeing, so feel pretty confident we're sort of in that range today.
John Doucette: And this is John Doucette. I would just add that and also - within reinsurance. I mean, we have a lot more flexibility in terms of our ability to respond. So first of all, we have been writing long tail business since the '70s in all over the world and we have a lot of experience, a lot of experienced underwriters. A lot of people that understand the markets and we have a lot of data and we've seen, and we've seen things move. And we have seen - looking at inflation and social inflation and different loss cost trends and things like that. All over the world and we also have the ability to then move by product, by attachment point move in and out of classes that gives us a lot of comfort that we're able to, with our data our expertise, our underwriting capabilities to be able to recognize that and respond to it and we do that all over the world. And so we feel is something that we need to focus on and we do focus on, but we feel we have to keep the right capabilities to be able to respond appropriately and timely to it.
John Doucette: Yes, this is John. So, it's what at - Mt. Logan is a core strategic vehicle for us as we - as we manage our catastrophe risks, but it's one of them and we look at, we have the cat bonds we buy traditional reinsurance, we buy traditional retro for Facultative for treaty. We now have the new aggregate retro. So it's - will turn dialed up and down. Based on that we have continue to add and look to add investors into the mix and normal course of business we will continue to do that, but we're not trying to grow for the sake of growing. It's one of the strategic dials it has very specific values to Everest, but, so do some of the other ones. And so we look across all of these as part of the holistic hedging strategy and structure that we have and you know we have the ability to turn up and down other deals as well.
John Doucette: So I mean, it varies - we track 75 zones. It varies a lot by territory and by return period and based on what products that we offer and where the attachments are, you get very different answers to that along the way.
John Doucette: I think we don't have that split out, but I think across the entire reinsurance. I mean, I think they are directionally moving about the same.
John Doucette: I think the answer is it's too soon to tell what we would want to do as we had to the exploration which happens in November in December and it will depend on pricing. It will depend on the wind season and things like that. And we do track the cat bond market and the pricing spreads widened for a while and then they came in a little bit. So it will be one and there'll be a lot of factors that we look at what is our gross book looks like, what are the alternative hedges look like. But right now we're not in a position to know whether what we would do for that or any of the other hedges.
John Doucette: So it was obviously a late start to the season, given the weather conditions and there was some prevented planting, and I know there's been some talk of that the prevented planting claims that you know they are - they are likely to some there, which will have - potentially have a - an upward pressure on the, loss ratio. But you know it's still early days that can recover. We don't know what's going to happen. It's both yield and revenue. And so the yield and recover, it's maybe a little bit more focused on or depending on what happens late in the year in terms of the temperatures on what's going to impact the harvest and in terms of what the crop prices are? We don't know, I mean that you know, if we knew that we are going to do a reinsurance as well.
John Doucette: So I think it's a combination of things. I think both some trapped capital that's still exists. And we think, well, but it's also I think the development that the markets on Irma, the development now that the markets on Jebi and I think - and then you have weather is a surprise or not maybe would depend on who is looking at it, but the situation with a couple of the alternative cat managers and how - what's happened to them, but so I think the sentiment among investors has been strained over the last couple of years. Having had five years of no-cat, basically, a very low cat, below average cats and then to have the two years with the losses. And then also have the development, I think has really focused a lot of the old alternative investors particularly ones that we call tourists that are really just they're just in it because it sounds different and interesting I think are really focusing on whether this is something they want to do. And I think all of that will map to a healthier reinsurance market and healthier retro market as the alternative investment manager is going to be held the higher standards on transparency, rate change, collateral lease and things like that. All that points to us to a healthier property market in 2020 at January one and beyond.
Craig Howie: Yaron, and this is Craig. Just, just to kick this off and then I'll let John jump in as well. But this is something that I think you have to look at. So, you mentioned the growth in the prior year. What I would say to you is the growth this year on a year-to-date basis is actually 5% if you exclude foreign exchange, so you're actually growing on top of that growth from prior year so that's, certainly something I'd ask you to look at.
Craig Howie: And fair to say we do not see an explosion in trend. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, what we see in our portfolio and differs by company but what we see in our portfolio is trend is well within our rate increases.
Craig Howie: Yes. In the current quarter, we actually had more income and more foreign source income that came through. So we were able to use more foreign tax credits against that income, Elyse. So that's the reason it dropped to 12% for the first half of the year.
Craig Howie: Yes, Mr. Doucette to comment as well, but it's mostly about diversifying into other lines of business is growing those more quickly. In this particular six month period. Certainly, as Jon has pointed out we've come off a number of programs that didn't hit our pricing targets that had an impact. Jon made reference to the retro. We did purchase in his opening comments. In part that's part of our typical risk management of our book. We have in the past purchased ILWs and we have cat bonds and Mt. Logan so that's all has been part of the equation. And as you point out moving up the tower certainly decreases premium but gives us similar a better risk adjusted return and you want to add to Jon.
Craig Howie: Yes. I and by the way, I appreciate everyone's restraints 4-5 callers to get to that question. But the simple answer to that is yes. And of course, I can't expand on that any further.
Craig Howie: So the earnings impact from the fee income that we receive that shows up in our books and records is relatively immaterial. And what I mean by that is for the quarter. It was down about $1 million overall for the year, we are up about $2 million. So relatively immaterial and that comes through other income, other expense.
Craig Howie: Well, with strong cash flow, as I pointed out, when my previous answers - the first half of the year. Certainly increased asset base will be a bigger driver we think and kind of maybe what the Fed does, but we think then what interest rates do. So to that - to that degree than we would anticipate a growing investment income number.
Craig Howie: On an overall basis it's about 3.5%. Brian, but it really depends on what you're investing in, investment grade is probably slightly below that. But any bank loans or high-yield investments that we have alternative investments would be higher than that.
Jonathan Zaffino: I think that's well said. I would add to that remember, if you look at our strong growth rates from quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year to Dom's point, this can create mix changes that are hard to read from any specific quarter and Dom mentioned our risk management business, which is an excellent business, which tends to run in that sort of mid-90s levels that was a bit of a - a bigger contribution this quarter. As I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, you know, the earned premium from various new products, new underwriting divisions over the past few years are beginning to earn in and some of the dissipation if you will, of some areas that we had identified as a run off or those that we were deemphasizing our earning out, you're starting to see that intersection happen and we expect that to continue to happen in a beneficial way as we move forward here. So we're focused on delivering underwriting profit. We're going to be conservative in our views of how we recognize Dom's point, some of the rate changes that are earning through but I think those variety of factors are, what you're seeing is the reason for the mid-90s
Jonathan Zaffino: No, - this is John again, we're obviously looking at the same dynamics that are being discussed across the industry. It's very difficult to broad-brush any one line of one area, each portfolio is a bit different, how companies address sort of where they hold certain acts - here it's a bit different. I would say as a general tone we are keeping a close eye on this it's often discussed in the general liability area. We write general liability for instance, across many different areas many different industry segments, each with different dynamics. And we talk about loss trend remember, there is two parts of that, there's frequency and severity, so they're going to differ from area to area. We're keeping an eye on it. We're encouraged by the rate levels that we're starting to see. Net trend is a little bit more muted with some of the exposure growth going on, but whether it's financial lines that's going to be a bit of a different mix, whether you're in Primary or Excess areas, same with the GL, autos has been talked about for quite some time. So overall, we take a look at the portfolio every quarter, really every day, trying to learn from what we're seeing out there, but I would say we feel pretty comfortable about where we are and even more comfortable as rate starts to build over the ensuing months here.
Jonathan Zaffino: Well, here's what you have happening. Number one there is a lot of rate being had now in the property and auto lines. Some of our auto ratings are up year-over-year. We're seeing again increased rate in a number of other areas from financial lines to other liability. Comp, you're getting some exposure look at an increased rate then to what you are in other areas as well. So some of that shows up in renewal price change versus pure rate, so there's a number of - and then you get mix differences in the quarter as well, so the waitings could be a little different based on timing. So for instance, in the second quarter, we write a few large risk management deals you might see more of the impact on the work comp thing you might - it might mitigate some of the other areas and the opposite happens as well. So all those things kind of moving together.
Jonathan Zaffino: Yes, it's a good question. I - look, I mean we see still a very favorable underlying dynamics and workers' compensation, we are watching more closely the of course the rate pressure in the impact that it has to overall profitability. Some of our growth and work comp has come from again some of the areas that we underwrite loss sensitive programs. So you're getting the benefit of the installation of deductibles in different areas. If we see work comp starting to get to the point where it's not meeting our profitability objectives we will turn the dial well, - we will move out of some of those, particularly some of those model line areas where we're constantly adjusting rates regularly across the various different statutory companies we have and so on and so forth. Comp is a smaller part of our book than it's been in a while. Some of that is the relative growth rates of other areas. So we will watch it closely. We feel comfortable with where it is today, but if the economic scenario dips. Further, we will selectively start to move out of different pockets but feel comfortable - these are the pockets will - where we will be able to maintain some insulation from underlying loss cost trend.
Jonathan Zaffino: Fair to say that at this point comp is still very profitable, we don't, - we don't give specific my ratios disclose that anyway Craig that --
Jonathan Zaffino: Just on the margin, the hedging, we have a very holistic broad brush hedging strategy and structure. And on the margin that can change the attritional combined ratio. But really, what's driving it is mix shift and growth in certain areas and growth in non-cat areas is driving it more than the hedging.
