Joe Taranto: Thanks Beth. Good morning. In the first quarter the industry experienced record losses, including the largest insured loss ever in Latin America. While these losses had significant impact on our quarter they are manageable given our expected earnings and our $6 billion of capital. Our total return for the quarter including dividends paid was essentially zero as strong investment income was strong underwriting results excluding catastrophes and depreciation on our investment portfolio; offset the impact of these catastrophes. Such a result given the magnitude of these catastrophes attests to the fundamental strength of our franchisee. Further attesting to our strength we were pleased that S&P raised our counterparty credit rating during the quarter. Dom will take you through the financial highlights for the quarter momentarily. Gross written premium for worldwide operations increased 2% versus 2009 and eliminating foreign exchange changes was flat year-over-year. Reinsurance premiums were flat with last year, but adjusting for foreign exchange and reinstatement premiums were down about 5%. Lower premiums from US casualty insurance, crop reinsurance, marine and European business offset growth and US property reinsurance, South America and Asia-Pacific markets. US insurance premiums were up 11% as direct specialty business continued to provide opportunity. Ralph will comment on the underwriting particulars shortly, both for our insurances and reinsurance operations including April renewals and our view of the upcoming Florida renewals were we expect our clients on accounts to continue to do well. The marketplace remains very much a mixed bag. Some pockets most notably portions of the US casualty market are under priced and to be avoided, while other areas including property catastrophe reinsurance remain reasonably priced. The quarter’s catastrophe losses will precipitate changes including rate increases in the areas and on the accounts that were hit. It’s less clear what impact there will be beyond these loss areas as ample capacity remains for well rated programs. However these losses remind reinsures of the need to charge appropriately given the volatile nature of the business. We will continue to emphasize discipline underwriting only looking to grow where it make sense and cutting back where it doesn’t. With out meaningful market change I do not anticipate much top line growth on our underlying book Cash flow from operations was very strong for the quarter at $271 million. In the quarter we repurchased 562,000 shares at a cost of $47 million. Since January 2007 we have repurchase 7.1 million shares or 11% of the outstanding shares, 7.9 million shares remain available under the current repurchase authorization. We plan to continue to repurchase our stock in the second quarter as we continue to see this as an attractive way to increase shareholder value. As usual we will not predetermine the amount as this allows us to do better respond to changing conditions. Ralph.
Joe Taranto: Yes your first question topline growth, we’re up a little bit in the quarter and I kind of noted there a some pockets where we still can’t see growth and see profitable opportunities but going against that, there are other pockets of the world as I noted US casualty were it’s getting tougher and so in that sense the likelihood is less business so it gets a little bit difficult to put it all together and I guess what I kind of noted to you was flattish, if you will at the end of the day now we may be up if things were to get a little bit better than that, but we’re not talking about the year with lot of topline growth I think is the bottom line.
Joe Taranto: Well, I guess I am more talking about the next month, next nine months, since you already have the first quarter, but I think it’s kind to be pretty much the same scenario, we may be up 5%, we may be down 5% at the end of the day, I can’t really be much more precise than that. I think to me the most important thing is growing where it makes sense to grow and decreasing where frankly that’s the right answer as well. You saw last year how we were able to grow nicely where we had little bit of wind to our back and some up the sectors and certainly had some market opportunities, there’s less of that this year as we move into our market where large parts of it continue to slowly go down if you will, large parts of it remain adequately rated, but it’s not reclaiming where I think I could convey to you nor should you expect any sort of meaningful topline growth. As far as the Chilean loss, I’ll start maybe I’ll have Ralph add to it, but I think you have to remember that we’ve been in very important part of the Latin American market for many, many years going back to the [prove] days, we’re really one of the major reinsures and Latin America, and so I think you have to expect if there is a major loss there but yes, we’re going to have a participation in that we’ve made a lot of money in Latin America, including Chile in the last number of years. We expect to continue to work with our clients to do very well and be profitable in the coming years, so I think when you put all into the right context it’s not particularly surprising loss that we did have. It’s frankly good to know that with this loss and throwing on top of that Australia, and on top of that European storms, nonetheless essentially our book value per share, everything in, is pretty much the same which gets you back to just the strength of the company. Ralph, anything you wanted to add to that or…
Joe Taranto: I think we’re feeling better and better about the potential losses coming out the subprime area. We have a formula that kind of dictates what we put up there, I think perhaps feeding too much in terms the current underwriting feelings that it seems to be shaping up better than originally thought.
Joe Taranto: Well, to be honest for you, to battle some to-date has been more on the rate side than it has been on the terms and conditions side. I don’t like to see it either way and the history has been that you do start to erode on terms and conditions as it well, but I would again just point you back to the US casualty side and where there are a lot of classes. Now there are some classes, Ralph mentioned California comp, there are some positive signs for the last few months and there are some other small pockets, but most of the general liability in the umbrella business and then routine if you well non-specialized casualty, we’re seeing rate go down and maybe a little bit of slippage in terms and conditions. It’s kind of a tough thing to read through, but on the umbrella programs its attachment points and attachment point go to some of the tough exposures like auto, and any transportation exposures. So as that happens it really start to erode the potential profitability and then of course when you get into the reinsurance transitions and buying three protection. There’s a lot of pressure on the ceding commission, those would be the kind of two areas of focus for our guys. 
Joe Taranto: I do expect the as the market change in South America it’ll certainly change dramatically in my opinion in Chile, but I think it will be extended into the other CAT areas within South America, now will be less impact as you get away from South America. Number of out contracts come up mid year July and then we have a few thing come up in January, so we can over right now having our own discussions with regard to the upcoming July renewals, but I expect meaningful change within South America.
Joe Taranto: Before the next question I would just like to go back to that we have some questions on the change in the attritional and lot of that got into the numbers, but I think I'd like to ask Dom to provide a little bit of color as to just why we choose a different point if you will for the attritional loss ratio this quarter.
Joe Taranto: Ralph and I kind of have this confused look with each other here, as we hear that question and I think the reality is, we’ll speak to our marine experts and get back to you on that to give you better idea than I think could give you.
Dom Addesso: Jay, this is Dom Addesso, well we certainly have gone through a vigorous process of coming up with our point estimate and it is still very early days in determining what the total losses are to the industry. But I think we’ve been reasonably conservative in coming up with our point estimate and if you think about the industry loss estimates of some where between $4 billion and $10 billion our point estimate centers around approximately 7.25 billion of industry loss estimate, but nevertheless, as I’ve described, we believe that as the loss increases as the industry loss increases we would have a decrease in share, market share of any rising loss, so it is difficult to determine where that loss might go from here, but nevertheless we think we’ve done a pretty vigorous job coming up with our point estimate. That being said, it is an estimate and we’ll see where it goes from here.
Dom Addesso: The reinstatement premium on Chile is approximately $20 million and which we have $290 million gross loss. So, net reinstatements that would net $270 million pre-tax.
Dom Addesso: All the methods that we used, most of the estimates around the other methods kind of clustered around the $290 million. The $386 million that I gave you was really on one point in all the point estimates and all those methodologies, and that was the outlier, but it clustered around the $290 million.
Dom Addesso: There’s a lots of what we call IBNR group or loss reserve groups that we would look at 100 and so there’s movement all the time in all those and if I have to point couple of areas that still gave us some development was in our professional and our sub-prime area, and that of course was offset by number of other areas, if there is anyone that I can really point to.
Dom Addesso: In the fourth quarter, we had in part some adjustment in some of amortization adjustments and then we also carried a little bit more cash, I think we’re carrying now in the fourth quarter.
Dom Addesso: We’ve had actually improvement in ceding commission. So depending on whether you include seating commission in that category of terms and conditions, that’s actually been an improvement for us year-over-year so.
Dom Addesso: I think the first thing that we consider going into the marketplace because has been pretty difficult here for several quarters is to certainly trying to be as conservative as we can be kind of in the early part of the year picking that current year action have taken, I think we've done that and that's in part the most significant reason why you see the horizon in the current year attritional year-over-year. Also remembering that we’re not that far away for our fourth quarter reserve review and of course coming out of that reserve review we have a view on what that most recent accident year was, so essentially the process that we engage in here now is to look at that most recent reserve review and in effect bridge it into the first quarter by building some loss trend into the New Year as well as overlaying on that loss estimate rate increase and/or lack thereof. So and then on top of that try to be as conservative as reasonably possible to reflect what we think our market conditions and its early years, but we felt it was the most prudent thing to do as we begin the year.
Dom Addesso: Well, in particular on those two segments just maybe some detailed wouldn’t have seen last year, but those two particular segments had some loss development in coming out of prior years so they talked about kind of our methodologies that was more leaning towards try to take conservative view of those segments as we begin the year, as opposed to any dramatic price movement in fact those are probably be the areas where we’ve had some year-over-year probably the property lines there either flat to up so it really didn’t have anything to with pricing. 
Dom Addesso: Well we’ve actually already paid some losses approximately $40 million have paid losses so far partly it’s not just because of actual loss notices as much as some of our contracts of allow for cash advances and so we’ve already paid some losses.
Dom Addesso: Well my expectations would be that certainly by the end of the year we’d have a very, very clear picture of where the total loss stands. Now in fact how those losses payout would be very difficult to project at this point, but I would certainly expect by 3 to 4 quarter we’d have a much better handle on where to industry losses are coming in notwithstanding the fact that we think we’ve done a pretty rigorous job of estimating it today.
Ralph Jones: I would just say that Chile losses stand as pretty much what we expected within our modeled PMLs and as part of the overall risk management review that we do at every country, but as you know, as Joe mentioned, we have a very significant international operation, we got annualized premiums of $1 billion in just a segment that I described plus an additional big component out of the Bermuda ops segment, which is really London and Continental Europe, so it’s more like $5 billion overall.
Ralph Jones: The annualize crop ratings last year is about $80 million and we renewed most of the programs so far this year. We lost good one through company that was very recently acquired and didn’t buy that quota share.
Ralph Jones: It’s roughly $13 million in the international segment and some it comes from treaty property in the US segment, it is still a little bit Bermuda.
Ralph Jones: There were seven XOL contracts and seven proportional contracts, of the seven proportional two were international companies and rests were smaller join companies. 
Ralph Jones: Yes, this is Ralph. We’ve been enforced pretty heavily for a number of years and we have 16 clients that we write XOL programs for, and that makes up about $50 million some on in premium. The process to review them is significant every year. Certainly, we watch what’s going on in the underlying rates and politics coming out of the Office of Insurance Regulation, but 16 are good, they’ve gone through begin all the bidding process the last few years, and its survival of the fed is down there for these guys. So we might renew a couple less going forward based on the credit review, but we like the ones once we’ve had and we’ve had very little really minimal in the ride offs, that we wrote off about $150,000 at one installment last year and another company got acquired, but I think more importantly, from the underwriting standpoint for us is the two quarter shares and we’re very actively involved with these two guys and like the managements and like what they’re doing and we think they’re going to be sound.
Ralph Jones: I would say 80% of them were, what you considered as capital build up it characterizes capital build up companies. It’s very hard there are 60 people in the universe of company that Demotech reviews, I’ll just gives you a flavor, we only do 16.
Ralph Jones: I think if you wrote a higher proportion of the 60 and you haven’t done the credit review in depth on each one you’re going to being more susceptible to the folks that have trouble, but the review process is quite significant looking into the financials exactly where they make their money, a lot of these are private companies. So you have to go way beyond the statutory statement to see what’s actually going on and where the money is coming out into their MGA’s arrangements and so on, and what kind of reinsurance program they buy. We visit with them and spent a lot of time with them and go to their underwriting plans, in many cases the fact that we are proportional to makes that in much more important thing to do. So we’re pretty close to the companies. We had a no real problems with those kind of have some financial problems up to-date, but once that we have done well and as I said we’re close to them, not only their financial statements, but their underwriting plans and their management and there are certainly a number of reinsurance that are just excel well, but really don’t spend time with these companies.
Ralph Jones: No, we reinsured one particularly large casualty program, which is the big gross to net swing in the quarter and that would be similar outlook through the course of the year.
