Mark Kociancic: Josh its Mark. Good morning and thanks for the compliments on the results. So we're --let me split this into a few buckets. So when we allocate capital, we're certainly privileging organic growth, and different opportunities competing against each other, whether it's the capital management aspect, or expanding the franchises in reinsurance, or insurance. And so our TSR objective of at least 13% is really the cornerstone on a risk adjusted basis when we look at these different opportunities. And so we have ample capital to deploy in both businesses and also for capital management actions, like share buybacks, were unconstrained in that aspect. And so I think in 2022, you'll see this philosophy continued.
Mark Kociancic: Well, we definitely privilege the organic growth, because I think that expands the franchise, and we're going to create more long term value for shareholders. So I would definitely put that one. Within that you've got three buckets, insurance, reinsurance and investments which are equally competing for capital and for opportunities. I think the share buybacks are certainly on the table at the same time, and we're looking at it opportunistically during the year.
Mark Kociancic: Yeah, good morning, Elyse. Not too much more to add to Juan's comments, because I think he was quite complete. But we're definitely seeing somewhat of a mix shift between the growth of cat and the growth of other non-cat lines. We’re firmly in the 91 to 93. I think we have pretty good confidence on that going forward. So I don't expect that to impact the underlying profitability on the reinsurance side very much. And on a risk adjusted basis, I think this makes the most sense, given where we are with market opportunities.
Mark Kociancic: Yes, it’s Mark again, Elyse. So we're watching this as it as it develops. There's only been kind of high level proposals that have been shared with the industry and we've obviously been very engaged in terms of direct discussion and industry, the discussions on it. I really don't see that much of an impact based on what we know today. S&P is definitely extending their timetable for industry feedback and will provide, I think, more detailed proposals thereafter. I think the biggest thing, and you've highlighted it in your question is really the debt issuance capabilities of Bermuda regulated companies. And it's an important factor to distinguish that Everest has a U.S. Holdco. That issues -- has issued our debt in the past, and we expect it to continue to be the main issuing legal entity for Everest going forward. That is within a regulatory domicile of the U.S. as opposed to Bermuda, so it should be unaffected. And therefore, we would avoid some of the concerns that have been elevated with that aspect. The other parts, that they've come out with last development factor charges that are somewhat higher with corresponding diversification benefits. We'll see how that impacts the industry, as long as they're based on sound economics, I think we'll be fine. The cat loss adjustments that they're making, into a broader timescale, 200 one in 200 to one in 500 years I think makes a lot of sense. And we're very careful on tail risk nonetheless. So I think we'll be fine there. The last piece is really more on the investment side. We've got some comments to make there. But we've got a broadly diversified portfolio that's high credit quality, so not too concerned, but S&P is very well respected, and they have a big impact on the industry. So you're going to see, I'm sure many companies comment on these proposals as time goes on. But for us, I think it's, we don't expect it to be very impactful.
Mark Kociancic: Well, we're in an access capital position; you know that we have the two debt raises. And I think we gave you pretty good guidance on the investor day in terms of our growth ambitions. And so for able to execute the strategic plan, I think we're going to be in good shape in terms of funding it. But we do have flexibility to grow more rapidly, as you saw last year, particularly in reinsurance where you saw approximately a 25% growth rate print, and we gave per annum guidance of 8 to 12. So there are times where we can really see what the market gives us. And then similarly on insurance, I think we're getting very strong growth there. Last year well over 20% and I think we've got a very good trajectory this year. I think that level of growth is probably the primary factor on how the excess capital develops in conjunction with the overall profitability of the group. So now we're in a, I think, a very good situation with excess capital, so no constraints on growing the group. And then we look at how the profitability evolves as we take into account future capital management actions, whether we're talking about buybacks or funding, more organic growth. I did mention last year, I’d say it might have even been Q4 in 2020. But I did see a lot of potential to improve the efficiency of the capital allocation in the group and you're getting to this point on operating leverage, there's probably some more that we can achieve and still be very capital efficient. And that's really kind of an all three buckets investments and the two divisions as well. So there is a bit more efficiency on that aspect that I would expect us to achieve in 2022. Thereafter, you're really talking about optimizing, but I like our position as it stands right now.
Mark Kociancic: When we set up the plan last year, we took the base forecast for forward curves on interest rates. And that served as the underlying assumption primarily in the investment portfolio. And so I reaffirmed, for example, the investment returns. It's a factor that we have to manage in the execution of a plan. So whether it's underwriting or investments, and we're fine, with whatever direction that goes. Obviously if rates are rising, it's I think we got some more tailwind behind us. But it's one of the reasons when we went through the definition of the TSR that we excluded, the volatility that comes from unrealized gains and losses on the fixed income portfolio. And so that is where we expect not to be, we're creating real economic value, despite some of the macroeconomic volatility that can come from rates. And so that's why we set the TSR up the way, the way it is.
Jim Williamson: Sure. Hey, Josh, this is Jim Williamson. Yes, just to give you a little bit of perspective, particularly around what we saw at one, one. We've been pursuing in a very deliberate fashion a strategy of growing with our core scenes particularly in casualty lines, and particularly on a pro rata basis. And we've had a great deal of success through one, one with that strategy and feel really good about the results that we're seeing. Look there's no question that there is a significant change taking place in the underlying insurance markets. Margins are expanding very quickly, we see rate well ahead of loss trend. Limits are being reduced. Coverage grants are being narrowed. And so all of those things add up to creating margin for our scenes, and then for us as we participate in those programs. And as you can imagine, there's going to be some trade around that with respect to ceding commissions. And so we have seen over the last couple of years, and we certainly saw a little bit at one one, some upward pressure on ceding commissions in the casualty market, we think they were they remain reasonable. For the most part, there were definitely programs that were beyond reasonable, and we don't participate in those programs, but mostly reasonable. And I think the bottom line is the margin that's being created, plus a little extra seeds still results in improving economics for us. On the property side, it was much more flat. As you can imagine, as people are seeking capacity and seeking to fill out their programs, we do see some improving economics in our book there. And the ceding commissions are not moving the same way they are in casualty.
Jim Williamson: Yes, sure, Mike, this is Jim again. To provide a little bit of perspective in terms of the fourth quarter growth rate for casualty, both on a pro rata and XOL basis, we achieved record levels of written premium, at what we view is very attractive margins. Those lines were essentially our fastest growing lines in the quarter. So I think that's an important fact. And look, at the end of the day, there are definitely cedings who think about how much of their own business they want to see to their reinsurers, particularly in the pro rata lines. And we did see around the margin, some movement away from pro rata structures, people shifting into XOL. However, one area that we focus very closely on is ceding selection. And what we're looking for when we choose to partner with a ceding with one of our core ceding in particular, are folks that consistently manage their reinsurance placements. And so we're trying to avoid cedings who are shifting quarter-to-quarter in terms of their participation. And we saw a lot of consistency among our cedings. I think the other piece that we've benefit from, given the strength of our franchise and our local trading relationships is in even in areas where maybe the total value of the session came down, there were areas where we were able to increase, share and sustain our revenue stream from our core clients. So all-in-all, I think a very successful fourth quarter and a very successful one, one from that perspective.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Mike, this is Jim. I'll just add a little bit more detail. I think one of the things that we clearly saw during the one one renewal was some meaningful dislocation in the retro market. And our expectation is that will play through into the Florida renewals in a very meaningful way. And so I do think there's going to be challenges as those renewals come up over the summer. And I think we're reasonably bullish that that could result in some significant rate increases, changes to programs, etcetera. That could present opportunity for us in a very selective way. Overtime, we've right sized our Florida or southeast wind portfolio. We are taking a level of risk that we're very comfortable with. And coming out of one, one, we do have dry powder that we can deploy selectively when we see great opportunities. And so if the sorts of trends that we're discussing here and the implication of your question come to pass, and there's a lot of dislocation in the Florida market, we might use it as an opportunity to selectively and in a very targeted fashion, pursue some incremental opportunity at great returns.
Jim Williamson: Yes, sure. Sure, Ryan, this is Jim. I'll just, I'll just add a little bit more detail to give you a sense of the discussion we're having each quarter as we look at our loss picks. As you can imagine, we set those picks on the basis of assumptions around rate change, as well as assumptions around loss costs. And as Juan indicated amply in his comments, it's really that loss cost uncertainty, given the risk environment, we're in that that gives us pause around how quickly to react to good news on the other side of the equation on the rate side, and the underwriting actions that our cedings are taking. And what we have seen consistently quarter-over-quarter is, the rate component of that equation has come in better than we've expected, better than we planned for. We also believe that the underwriting actions and the re-underwriting and the segmentation and all the work our cedings are doing is ahead of our expectations. And so what we're looking for is the emergence of proof in our loss costs, as those lines mature, particularly on the longer tail lines, that would allow us to begin reflecting that, that good news. And it's still very early. I know, obviously we all want to see it emerge. But when we talk long tail, it does take years. I would say there are indications that would suggest we're seeing some of that. And I think, certainly my expectation is that we'll begin to see some improvement in the underlying attritional loss ratio for reinsurance, on the casualty side of the result of that. And then certainly the underwriting actions we've taken on property, particularly what we did at one one. I mean, all of those things ladder up to improving economics, which show up primarily obviously in the cat loss ratio, but I think will also benefit our traditional loss ratio and property. So a lot of good momentum. But we do have to be very prudent in terms of the timeline on when we recognize these things.
Jim Williamson: Yes, Juan. I’ll just provide a little bit more detail around how we're executing within reinsurance to give you some flavor for this. We've as Juan has indicated, we've been pursuing a strategy that's very deliberate around what parts of the market we want to capitalize on. And in 2021, and really, in 2020, as well, we saw an opportunity with the significant shifts happening in the primary casualty markets, to participate alongside some of the best underwriters in the business in a really meaningful way. And so we've grown our in particular casualty pro rata business will end, in the fourth quarter, that's almost three quarters of a billion dollars in premium, it's very meaningful for us. And that allows us to participate in all those economic improvements that we've been talking about today. So that clearly drove a lot of significant growth. So if we translate that, that then into how we executed in one one, the strategy is very consistent, we saw an opportunity to be thoughtful about where we're deploying cat capacity that will result in an improvement obviously, in the cat loss ratio, which we view as a very good thing. We were very focused on where we deploy our cat capacity. We absolutely moved away from retro and aggregate structures, moved away from working layers, continued to support our core cedings, optimize the portfolio, particularly in the pro rata space, and also target some selective growth in cat with key customers. And then on the casualty side, we continue to see some really nice opportunities for growth in a very targeted way, with our core cedings on some programs that that are new or emerging in the market. And, and we and we certainly react to those opportunities as well. So it's going to be very consistent, it's going to be targeted. And it's going to be sort of scaled relative to the market opportunity that exists. And as Juan said, we have dry powder. We've created nice margins, and we can react if new opportunities emerge during the renewal seasons for the rest of the year.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Mike. So this is Juan Andrade, and I'll start. Look, I think certainly what, what you saw take place in the industry in one one, and really, in the latter part of the fourth quarter was, frankly a lot of companies catching up on what we've been doing really over the last couple of years, which is looking at volatility and their book of business and making trade-offs and decisions on that. And again, this is something that we're ahead of the curve, as you've seen in our numbers, as you've seen in our calls and the dialogue that we've had. Look, the reality is that pricing in property cat has improved some, but it hasn't improved meaningfully enough to be able to justify and pay for the catastrophe exposure that we'll see that is really being driven by climate change. And so that has proven underwriters to be I think, a lot more prudent particularly in an environment like Florida and southeast wind in general. So I think the issue there becomes more of a public policy issue going forward, about capacity, the ability to ensure there's public policy questions with regard to zoning, with regard to construction, to essentially how we deal with a problem that we all have as a society that is related to the warming of the seas, rising sea levels, etcetera. But I would invite, I would invite Jim also to add maybe some commentary on that.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Elyse, this is Juan in. Thank you for the question. So let me break it up in a couple of points. And then I'll ask Mark Kociancic to jump in as well. With regard to the guidance that Mark gave on the cat loss ratio, he said less than 6%. And that's basically related to a lot of the de-risking actions that I spoke to, in my prepared remarks earlier in this call. The reality is we have meaningfully reduced catastrophe loss potential in our book. We've achieved PML reductions in key peaks zones, and we've improved their overall portfolio economics. Catastrophe limits to COVID has been reduced, with a favorable reduction in expected average annual loss. So that is the key driver of the cat loss ratio coming down from our perspective. The other part of that is the fact that we are diversifying the book into non-cat lines of business. But as far as we're concerned, the margin that we expect to generate from the reinsurance division, if anything will improve in 2022, because of the actions that we have taken, but I'll invite Mark to up to add some additional color.
Juan Andrade: Yes Ryan, thank you. Thanks for the question. Thank you for recognizing the accomplishments too, by the way. Look, what we said at Investor Day back in June, is that 13%, essentially was the floor and what we actually said it's greater than 13%. Now obviously we can't predict the future. But what we are very much focused on are the drivers and aligning those drivers to be able to drive that 13% or better from that standpoint. We had a good start in 2021. We've been able to do that. And we're very focused with the actions that we've been talking about on this call on the underwriting of the cap portfolio, some of the actions that we continue to take on the insurance side to improve the profitability of the book to seek profitable growth. And all of that is aimed for leading returns. Right? That's, that's really the focus on here. And so again, I go back to what we said, if we'd like to achieve at least the 13% TSR over that period of time, and we're off to a good start.
Juan Andrade: Yes. So let me start, and then I'll ask Jim Williamson to add more color. So look, I think we have been prudent in setting our loss fix. I think we have been prudent in how we analyze the reserves, the process that we put in place, we got a lot more insight, and more granularity into the data into the numbers to allow us to react. So I feel pretty good about that. When you look at the external environment, there's obviously things that as an industry, we all keep an eye on, right? You definitely keep an eye on social inflation. In the 2020, 2021 period, we definitely saw a drop in frequency and a slowdown in the courts. I'm not sure we have seen the courts completely open back up to full efficiency at this point in time. So you do keep an eye on some of the social inflation factors that are there, particularly as you're writing loss, long tail line. So that's an important component of that. The other component that you keep an eye on is real inflation, right? Material inflation, supply chain disruptions, all of these types of things, and the impact that that could have on trend. So from our perspective, what we have done is we certainly have adapted our loss trend selects for 2021, 2022 to make sure that we are continuing to select prudent loss picks given all those macroeconomic factors that are there. But in addition to that, we have continued to do a number of actions on the portfolio to ensure that the business that we're putting on the books meets our margin standards and it's very profitable, right. So you have heard from me, you have heard from Jim earlier in the discussion, some of the approach that we took throughout 2021 that we took to the one one renewal season that Mike Karmilowicz and his team has done also on the insurance side so that on-going portfolio management, that is just good underwriting is a key hallmark of all of this to ensure that we can meet the targets that we've set out. But with that, let me ask Jim to talk specifically about the loss ratio and reinsurance.
Juan Andrade: Well, let me start with that. I don't think we see any specific headwinds other than what we've already discussed, sort of in the macro environment, right. And we are essentially working our book of business, working our underwriting, working sensibly all the levers that we have to be able to meet and exceed on all those targets. And you clearly saw that in 2021, with the 14.7%, on the total shareholder return. But we are doing, I think, a very good job in shaping this book of business to drive very sustainable results over time. And a key component of that is what we've done on the catastrophes portfolio over the last few years. You saw the benefit of that in 2021. You saw the actions that we have been describing that we took at one, one 22. And I think all of that is a positive. So I'm not necessarily seeing any headwinds per se, other than just the macroeconomic environment being able to react to that. But what we control I feel pretty good about.
Juan Andrade: Yes Mike thanks. That's actually a very important thing you've highlighted because I think that also goes to the question that Yaron was asking a little bit ago about how we see the growth momentum into 2022. Look, I've said this before. Those who execute best when and distribution is a key component of all of that. So we're doing a number of things on the distribution area to be a lot more productive and be a lot more efficient. Number one, one of the things that we have done particularly in the U.S., is really expand our regional structure in the field, to be able to have more people on the ground, closer to our distribution closer to our brokers, to be able to plan our product offering and just be a lot more thoughtful about the solutions that we can sell, the solutions that are needed by them, etcetera. But backing all of that is essentially a shift into a much more quantitative approach to sales, where we now have very good data, very good intelligence at the underwriter level at the broker level, on what submissions we're getting, how we're looking at those submissions, how we triage those submissions, etcetera, etcetera. So the bottom line is that we're being much more effective at asking for what we want, what's within our risk appetite, and then being able to be much more efficient about what we bind based on what's coming into the funnel in the pipeline. And that's what you're seeing those hit ratios basically go up. So it's making this a lot more productive within our risk appetite. But I'll ask Mike Karmilowicz to add a little bit to that as well.
Juan Andrade: Yes Mike, it's Juan. And again, thanks for the question on that. Look, I'm pretty consistent on this theme. And you've heard me say this before, which is our strategy is organic, right. That's what we can plan for. That's what we're executing. And that is an insurance that is and reinsurance at this point in time. Now, that being said, as Mark pointed out, we do have access capital. And if we do see an opportunity along the way, that's interesting. Obviously, it's something that we will consider, but I'm not considering or looking at sort of transformative type things, etcetera. This would be more a full time does it help us in a particular geography, a particular product line, etcetera, etcetera. But the strategy remains an organic focus strategy.
Juan Andrade: Yes Meyer, thank you. It's good to hear from you. Let me expand on that a little bit. So basically, we have been talking about really, since the past year, about a pretty thoughtful and disciplined strategy to essentially be the next phase of our development on the primary insurance site outside of North America. So we already have a presence in the U.K. We participate both into retail and the wholesale market. We have a company out of Ireland, as well. And what we're thinking about doing already are doing is basically extending our Irish company, essentially into the continent of Europe, but only into a very limited handful of countries where we can add value, and where we can believe can make a difference given our value proposition. In Latin America, we have now a small operation out of Chile. And similar sort of thought process on that thoughtful discipline, we think, well, we can add value. And we now have a base of operations in Singapore at the same time. And the idea for us is not to go around the world planting flags. It's really to select a few geographies around the world where we see a need for our product given either market dislocation, competitor dislocation, and when we can add value. And that's effectively what we're trying to do. From the perspective of what products we're targeting, essentially it's an upper middle market play more so than anything else, depending on the geography that will dictate, sort of the product range. If you are looking at the emerging markets in Asia and Latin America it’s going to be more of a first party play non cat. If you're looking at the more sophisticated markets in Europe, it's going to be a blend of first party lines and third party lines at the same time. But again, this is all a logical expansion from what we're doing in North America, and frankly, the success that we've had here.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you for all the questions and the excellent discussion today. As you can hear from our tone, we're optimistic about the opportunities before us. And we continue to build our company, accelerate progress and create value for our investors, clients and the markets that we serve. Thank you for your time for us today. And thank you for your continued support of our company. And we look forward to talking to you next in our Q1 results. Have a great day.
