Dom Addesso: Sure, Jay. Overall we generally wait until the fourth quarter reserve studies unless our interim metrics point us to something else. This year, we’ve seen some unusual large losses on the insurance side, which indicated a need for strengthening. If we see that this in our metrics, we should not and do not wait for the reserve study. Similarly, on the reinsurance side, each quarter our metrics have been improving. This was also the case last year. And therefore given that our overall metrics still point to total adequacy it was we felt it appropriate to re-bucket certain reserves, but clearly the internal metrics pointed us to needing some reserve additions on the insurance side.
Dom Addesso: No, I was going to say that which is a turnabout from last year where we actually the – our reserve study work actually indicated some slight redundancies in our excess casualty book. So it’s just something that emerged this year.
Dom Addesso: We really can’t say which way that will go in the fourth quarter. We have our reserve studies. Like as I said, we reacted to what we saw emerge in the third quarter and obviously we took that action but it’s too early to say what our reserve studies will come up with.
Dom Addesso: I don’t know what you should put in there for 4Q and we’d not dare an estimate on that. As you know that, Jay, that can be very volatile. It is on a quarter lag relative and most many of the limited partnerships use the equity markets as a basis for providing their fair values or estimated values. In our particular case, we’ve also had some particular individual limited partnerships that had some unique transactions that led to gains. Kinder Morgan, for example, was one of those, that was a very positive outcome for us.
Dom Addesso: I wouldn’t particularly call it a trend as much as it was higher than expected number of large losses.
Dom Addesso: No, because the business that – the shift in business from pro rata to cat XOL was done with basically the same P&Ls. So the expected loss would be approximately the same and that’s just obviously a modeled number, but obviously what’s happening in the attritional is essentially if you have no cats, the XOL is booked at zero, right, but you still have in the pro rata book, you still have some underlying attritional normal loss ratio.
Dom Addesso: Okay. Florida, for example, would be our peak territory, which is 940, but on economic basis it would be $640 million.
Dom Addesso: We are – and I will answer this in the context of what I’d say is excess, excess. And by that I mean that which we think about in terms of our share repurchase program. And we’d like to think about it as about approximately a $500 million number.
Dom Addesso: Prior year development? No, we have – the $35 million I was mentioning was a reduction in our provisions for small caps, those caps that are less than $10 million in losses. Is that…
Dom Addesso: Well I can give you those figures overall. For the quarter, we’ve had $13 million of reinstatement premiums. On a year-to-date basis, just shy of $54 million and obviously that’s all in the reinsurance segment. Give me a second here, I can – Bermuda was most of the third quarter number, 12.5. On the year-to-date, we got…
Dom Addesso: Yeah. In other words, we looked at the small cat events those less than $10 million that occurred during the year and we’ve looked at the reserves we were carrying through the first two quarters and the third quarter against the actual results and we’ve had $35 million of excess reserves relative to those smaller cat event and also realized that that will be positively impacted. The provisions for small cat events by definition go down again and it’s a shift into an XOL versus pro rata. The provision for small cats is more relevant when you have a larger pro rata book.
Dom Addesso: Well, I don’t know that I’d go put it quite that way. First of all, there is seasonality for certain types of cats, but there obviously is no season for earthquake events, but you have to keep that in mind. Secondly, again, as we shift more towards the XOL and that becomes a bigger proportion of our cat premium, then the provision that we put up for small cat events in that in each quarter would be less. I don’t know if that helps.
Dom Addesso: Our start-up cost that we’ve included in this year-to-date results approximate $6 million somewhere in that range.
Dom Addesso: And we won’t, realistically, we’re not going to know obviously it’s a function of not only yield, but also commodity prices, so we’re really not going to know the true results of that until February, but given those drought conditions, we felt that prudent to just add something to our reserves for that potential outcome.
Dom Addesso: No, in fact our – you would note that our – through our Bermuda segment, which has been generally trending down of late that’s due to backing away from some of the European exposures.
Dom Addesso: That’s fine. We do have the work done. It’s being – as I might have mentioned previously, we’re having an outside third party take a look at that work, so it’s – I’ll just say it’s soon. It’s certainly before the year end, but I’m hoping well before that.
Joe Taranto: Well, as you know, we have a long history in the comp market getting into it in a small way in 2001 and then building it a very big way through 2003, ‘04 and ‘05. Yes, subsequent to that, our book – we took it down in part because we did lose some business, but in part because rates started to come down at that point. So we’re still an important player in the market probably doing about $200 million worth of business, but that is down from what was once $900 million. When the market hit its peak in 2004 and ‘05, we were very pleased with the business with reforms going in rates going up and of course that business led to outrageously wonderful results. Today, it’s not quite that. We’re pleased with 15% rate increases that we’re currently getting that kind of comes on top of rate increases of 9-ish percent last year. So the market is certainly taking a favorable turn, keeping in mind some of that rate is needed to cover medical inflation, if we don’t look at it like we looked at the business in 2004 where it was fantastic. We look at it as if it’s okay today and we’d like to see rate increases continue to build. If that’s the case, we may look to grow the book some more than what we’re currently thinking, but right now we are a bit cautious and I think we’re pushing for more rate as opposed to more business and of course these things work against one another. The more rate you push for, the less business that you do to some degree. So well, I’m sorry, in short, we’re pleased with the book, the direction, the rate increase and we expect next year to be a good year in that market and we may grow some and it may be even more than that depending upon how the rest of the market reacts in terms of joining us in rate increases.
Joe Taranto: Well, I guess, I talk of written premium. At least that’s what I’m thinking what we actually put on the books next year.
Joe Taranto: Well, the interest rate, you’re getting into the investment income aspect and it certainly is that it’s casualty business, there is a tail on it, but we toast that to the side to some degree even though it does figure into ROE models. We have more old school and warning to achieve an underwriting profit on this business. I do believe at the current rates it generates a fair rate of return, but as I said, we’re looking it for to increase so we can be even more confident in the business. It’s still casualty business that once you write it, it takes a few years to play out before exactly where it’s at, so you need to be paid for them.
Joe Taranto: Let me tackle it, and Dom, you may want to add to it. We have a bit of a black box formula that we follow to come up with that valuation. And even though these deals at the end of the day will be determined strictly on stock market price and we’re confident that we’ll do well on these deals. The interim evaluation, the quarterly evaluation, the two most critical components are one is stock market price, but the other is interest rate. Even though that doesn’t figure into the final resolution of these, it’s kind of a discounted Black Scholes type model that’s being used, so with interest rates and the key builds in particularly going down pretty dramatically for the quarter and for that period of time that you’re talking about that’s had an impact on the estimates, if you will, even though it has no real impact on the ultimate resolution. With the market up pretty strong through October if it just stays the same, clearly and interest rates are up a bit too, as Dom noted, this will swing the other way in the fourth quarter.
Joe Taranto: Well, I wouldn’t call it pressure, but you’re right, Brian, pro rata pound for pound does give you more top line than XOL. So generally speaking, that trend means we won’t be building top line as fast but clearly the goal here is to focus on the bottom line.
Joe Taranto: Yeah, I think you’re probably more looking at the insurance side than the reinsurance side, Greg.Gregory Locraft – Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Well I’d love, I guess, pricing color on reinsurance, but, yes.
Joe Taranto: I think you can take away than more conservative. But what I think won’t matter in terms of what really happens at the end of the day, so yes, I think I’m happy that things have taken a positive change and I hope it continues. But, in terms of anything getting back to what happened in 2000 to 2003 and 2004, I don’t feel anything that extreme is going to happen.Gregory Locraft – Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Okay, excellent. Thanks again for the color.
Joe Taranto: Yeah. We’re trying – our plan right now is to not row the PMLs in the major zones. Now that doesn’t mean that we won’t write more business, because we may write in zones that aren’t in the major zones, we might write second, third loss. We may write in some of the U.S. regions. We haven’t been big in the regional space and now we believe rates will be going up and it may offer better opportunity. So there may be some opportunity for what I’ll call sideways growth.
Joe Taranto: Sure. I mean, the reality is we’ll see what happens at 1:1, but I think let me go back three spaces, the convictions I had for June and July, I think those pretty much came to pass. And much of what I say in terms of where I expect rates to go is where we’re looking for it to go, where we think it should go and where we will be proactive in trying to make it go. Now, this is pretty simple. A lot of this is based on the last 18 months worth of catastrophe losses and if my competitors are saying something different. I don’t think they’re paying attention to what’s happened in the last 18 months. So now you will have some regional companies coming up that had some pretty good losses at 1:1. You will have some New Zealand, Australian companies coming up that have had mega losses and they’re coming up for the first time since those losses in 1:1. You will have retro business, which has continued to percolate as more losses have gone up in Japan and Australia, those have gone into increasing losses in the retro space and so to me that heightens what the price should be going forward. So I feel it will happen and certainly we’ll be looking to do our part. If it doesn’t measure up to that, we’ll do less, but you now have at least the logic which I think is pretty clear and evident as to why I think that’s the case.
Joe Taranto: Well we had some very hot weather during the summer over 100 degrees for an extended period of time in the Midwest and the Northern part, if you will, that affected the corn crop quite considerably. So that’s kind of what, in addition to the other things.
Joe Taranto: Well, I don’t know that there will be, how much of expansion there will be, but I think it might more mean second event, third event, things of that nature because when we talk about PMLs, it’s for the one major event.
