Dom Addesso: Well, we don't know when the transaction will close. We have to go through all the regulatory approvals and things like that but I would suggest that it probably would be the beginning of Q2.
Dom Addesso: I am not sure Amit that we can really get into that level of detail relative to prior are reinsurance, in some cases it might not be into the transaction that it had been in the market. A number of these deals that John has went through, are surplus driven or financially driven transactions and probably they do have transferring them of course but it's capital relief type products in some cases and in another cases it is helpful companies as they have managed their capital at various subsidiaries around the world. So they are all different. Why is Everest the company of choice? Some of things that John mentioned, I think are important to us. I think in community at large, I think we hope that we're viewed as an innovative market and the market that is quick to respond, flat organizational structure so that any significant transaction can quickly get to John's desk or my desk if it needs that level of approval and strong writing and the global footprint. Now those are all reasons that we have been emphasizing and that's what we found as why are a market of choice in many of these unique transactions.
Dom Addesso: It's hard to generalize. I do think in parts, it’s the size issue, it could be a ratings issue, it could be the fact that these are not the types of transactions that this company has shown an interest and had a risk appetite for. It's hard for me to explain what the reason might be.
Dom Addesso: I think what I've tried to emphasize in my comments was that we bought back a significant return to significant amount of capital in the several years. I would anticipate that we continue to do that given the current market conditions but obviously if the market changes, then change direction on how much capital would it return. So I don’t anticipate any major change at this point. This is what I think be the short answer to your question.
Dom Addesso: Michael I wouldn’t look too much into individual segments because each of those are subject to individual accruals and year-end adjustments. I think the main topic is the overall group and the difference in the fourth quarter was what Craig specified which was predominantly compensation adjustments as relates to putting them on with our year-end results. So the individual segments can be, [indiscernible] of factors that are local.
Dom Addesso: The number is probably somewhere between $300 million and $400 million of underwriting profit, non-cat.
Dom Addesso: you are really leaning us more towards giving earnings areas guidance which we really try not to do. I think, we expect, let me say this way, we expect our insurance operations combined ratio to improve, I am not really going to give any guidance on what that expected combined ratios would be in the insurance portfolio. On the reinsurance portfolio, a lot of that is dependent upon the types of transactions that we see. Certainly we will strive to maintain the combined ratio targets that we have been accustom to. And that will likely mean that some of the transactions that we were on in ’14 will probably not renew and they will look for other types of transactions. As John mentioned, we are doing some new product -- expanded our capabilities into the credit area and a lot of that reinsurance we expect to run it better combined ratios than are traditional reinsurance book. So part of it is dependent upon the mix of and that's the best answer that I can give you at this point.
Dom Addesso: I think we have emphasizing our scale and diversity for some time. So obviously I think it has been communicating that we think we have sufficient scale, so we don’t really see that necessity, urgency for combinations. Others, others may view it differently but I think in essence what you're seeing in the marketplace in that regard somewhat validates one what would be have been the adverse advantage. So that's what I will say about that. In terms of the combinations and what it needs to the marketplace in general, it all depends on execution. Many times these combinations can be disruptive. Maybe they won't be. We will see, they can affect market, they can affect shares of programs with the teams of people. There's always some churn that will occur as the result of any kind of merger in any industry so time will tell and we will see how that will evolve over the months ahead. Perhaps it creates opportunities, perhaps not. But I will say is that in some regards, this could be good for the industry in the sense that perhaps some of the capital does come out of the business and creates further discipline. So that could be a good outcome, some of these combinations.
Dom Addesso: Vinay, one more thought relative to your side question. Keep in mind as you mentioned $8 million market cap company, we are also adding the Logan piece and the sponsor cat also we have, so essentially you can almost argue that they were operating more like $10 billion capitalized company.
Dom Addesso: I will let John talk about the crop piece because I think he include some of those points in his prepared remarks but let me just perhaps admit that I don't know that we are better than the industry on the insurance side. Our comment about the expense ratio was a reinsurance company and why were they getting superior returns, there.
Dom Addesso: So in terms of crop insurance, we have a great team at Heartland but we know that we need to grow that book, we need to diversify the book. A lot of it is fixed expenses, those high fixed expenses and if infrastructure and systems. And so we know that—so in all a lot of things we are talking about what were going on. The reinsurance side. We are trying to do that with various books including the Heartland Corp Book. And we would expect that with the better geographic footprint than we have a bigger and better geographic footprint will give us more diversification, more better risk-adjusted returns, that allows to economics to scale and I think some of the competitors may buy quota shares, we do not and bipolar shares as then they get an override from the reinsurers and that may be impacting their expense ratio as well.
Dom Addesso: Right now, we think it is a good diversifier for a platform, you have the ability to deliver we think again because of the diversification fact, he greater ROE is also a source of business and for us into any capital markets that we talked about earlier as well, so we do hear again when we talk about our net ROE being the gross ROE. There is an opportunity to leverage that as well. So for the time being we think that the diversification and access to risk being able to build out that platform is important to the future of the Everest.
Dom Addesso: The enforced portfolio, is a little bit great results for us now we recognize what have had over the last couple of years and drag from discontinued books of business and obviously as you can tell from this year been, that has been greatly diminished and so we think it’s a bright future there.
Dom Addesso: Thank you and thank you from participating in today’s call. Now we talk, today we continue to emphasize about our competitive advantages which have yielded above market returns. These are a competitive manager of global franchise and scale, diversified portfolio, we have talented staff and as we mentioned very competitive expense ratio. Market conditions are difficult to trend is difficult but we have proven our ability to deliver superior results. They are certainly many areas to be cautious about but also there is lot more to do. And we thank you for your continued interest. Have a good day.
Amit Kumar: Okay, that's helpful. The other question I had was on, this goes back to the discussion on renewals, and thank you for the expanded commentary this quarter. In terms of some of the new opportunities which you talk but I think you mentioned a motor quota share and a large international account, do you have some sense of, why was it shifted to you and how did it perform previously. I am just trying to get a sense why it was non-renewed by the previous reinsurer.
Amit Kumar: I guess what I was trying to figure out is and I am just a bit surprised that you have had these opportunities for few quarters. And I'm just trying to figure out if it's a size issue why some of your peer companies have not been able to capitalize and find similar opportunities.
Amit Kumar: Okay. And just finally, any change in the buyback philosophy versus as it relates to your discussion on premiums, should we anticipate that to be any different versus what we've seen in the past. Thank you. 
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks, just a couple of here if I could. The expense ratio in international reinsurance in Bermuda in particular lifted in the fourth quarter. Was there something that happened that was kind of fourth quarter-specific in particular in Bermuda, or maybe there was some other driver. Thanks.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, Dom, you mentioned the net ROE versus the, I am sorry John mentioned the net versus gross ROE. Just trying to understand, I imagine that includes the difference is in part Mt. Logan because you seed some business to Mt. Logan. So just trying to understand the relationship over the ROE at Mt. Logan versus the ROE at Everest
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. Great. Thanks. And then last one if I could sneak one more in. I think John, you mentioned last quarter that you were seeing some 20% return opportunities in, I think, somewhere more on the financial side in terms of those types of transactions. Just would love an update on that, is there still an opportunity to generate that level of return in that part of the portfolio? And thanks so much for all the answers.
John Doucette: Good morning, Michael this is John. We have talking about this for several quarters that there is difference by having rated and unrated capacity, there is different constraints to different capital requirements and it is not just cost to capital but it is also that there is different ROE for a rated company is impacted by how rating agency think of the capital that you need to hold to support the businesses and so it gives us the ability to find right fit for business but dealing across the portfolio, Logan is very critical for that but it is also part of a broader strategy than involved the cap on and other traditional sessions that we have and it allows us to kind of and also within Mt. Logan we have different investor appetites, low-risk, medium risk, high risk that results and lower return, medium return and high return and having that combination gives us a lot more flexibility to be able to deliver the most value for our client and have the best in that position for Everest.
John Doucette: The short answer is yes. We continue to see you and again we have been talking about this for a while, not just do we have a large balance sheet and high rating but we also a have a lot of underwriting expertise bringing, underwriting, accounting tax, legal contract wording and an actuarial and brining that all to the mix and solving client’s client need and creating some run-off structures and we continue to look for those and I think in general we think the more, it's less commodity with plain vanilla that seems to be under more pricing pressure to having the ability to execute kind of multijurisdictional insurance, reinsurance combination deal give us the ability to really solve client’s problems and use a lot of the different competitive advantage that we have and we continue to think that there's a lot of our runway for that.
John Doucette: No the retro really is the capital issue. The combined ratio on a gross – those were gross basis comments and what it did, a lot of that again and we keep trying to articulate as to the ability to move between product between layers, between clients to redeploy capacity from one product segment to another as we try to utilize the cat capacity that we are willing to deploy at any renewal and really be able to move seamlessly between that and one example is within our treaty property department. it's the same team that writes so lot of risk, cat and retro and that having the ability to dynamically allocate capacity to help where the client needs are and where we think the best pricing is as well as moving up and down attachment points within the layer and ask again, we think because of our market position we have the ability to get more defining in the layers want and that really helps drive what you're seeing.
John Doucette: We have some work to do there but again to remind you that significant portion of the crop lost from Crop Hill and they are not just NPCI.
John Doucette: We spent a lot of time looking at the trends and we know buy each other business units that we have in the trends available. We've been growing up footprint whether it’s A&H operation, the safe operation, our property facilities around the group, the workers comp, BFI and professional teams the casual and environmental teams. The trends have been favorable and we are going to continue to extract to keep those teams support and capacity and help them grow their footprint and help them get an economy as the scale. Additional we can commonly use the scale and leverage again, the financial strength rating and an ability to execute that Everest pride itself there.
