Joseph Taranto: We are anticipating obviously our effective tax rate to grow to 1.7% to 6% by the end of the year. And that calculation would be any other anticipated adjustments that we might have to attract the tax expense during the year.
Joseph Taranto: You’re right, Matt. There certainly are some moving parts and some go one way and some go the other. Citizens it does seem as if there will be more into the bond market. It’s unclear if they are by and more or less out right reinsurance did. They’d be populating of course with more risk than exposure into other companies and create more meaning for reinsurance. I think the big things are, RMS-11 and the fact that the premium base of reinsurance level is getting healthier. On the supply side, again RMS-11 for many reasons starts to limit the amount of capacity that can provide. I am not seeing any sort of groundswell and our new companies that I think is going to create any sort of meaningful additional capacity for the marketplace. So we do look at the whole equation, I think it will continue to be improvements for re-insurers at 61, that’s my expectation.
Joseph Taranto: Well, I would like to see there maybe some new accounts and existing clients will certainly come first. And the limitations will be that we don’t really want to increase our P&L in any significant way in Florida. Of course if there is rate increase, we will be pleased about that.
Joseph Taranto: Okay, just keep in mind that we do have what we are trying to do is looking at the attritional combined ratios excluding the effects of reinstates, we can give you those if that’s easier. But….
Joseph Taranto: We got in U.S. reinsurance this year $337,000 against 16 million reinstate in premium in last year in the first quarter. International $4 million this year versus $9 million a year ago. And Bermuda zero this year against $5 million a year ago. So that brings a total reinsurance of a little over $4 million against a little over $30 million a year ago. 
Joseph Taranto: So as we mentioned earlier, in all of your peak zones, our PMLs have not change in many meaningful way. Any exposure growth or stretching at a rag has been primarily in the Midwest with a –little bit of growth in the northeast, but most of our exposure growth has been in the Midwest. 
Joseph Taranto: There maybe pockets like down just decided where we done more. Again, reacting to the rate changes that happened post the tornado at place last year, but in the name when you get to the big zones and in Japan, and Europe and California and Florida, we really don’t have at least an increase first, at least subject to one sharp loss.
Joseph Taranto: It’s not a big item for us, but it’s a bigger than what is was before, but a sudden known to the peaks own area now.
Joseph Taranto: Okay. I mean we obviously carry capital against all of the risks in our portfolio and not listed which are the ones, but you mentioned thinking about equity returns for example what we try to do is carry a balanced investment portfolio particularly coming out of 2008, 2009, we saw opportunities to expand our investment portfolio, if you will not within any undue risk. So, we generally would like the direction that our position or the posture of our portfolio and it has obviously performed well over the last couple of years and quarters and particularly in the first quarter. But we’re not going to necessarily dramatically change let’s say our investment portfolio front of allocation from here but you would like to (inaudible). In terms of the cash degree risk, we still manage our catastrophe risk through about 11 after tax s basis to largest events through about 11%, 12% of the capital. We’re not looking to meaningfully change that. And...
Joseph Taranto: Its (inaudible) business you get some volatility with that. We usually put in about nine points in our plan is to what we would expect in terms of anticipated catastrophes. Obviously, we were below that for the first quarter and when I start looking forward I am going to put back in the average expectation if you will for the future. I think considering that less volatility on our books this year than we had last year. Again between changes in terms and conditions which have been happening both at the insurance levels and at the reinsurance level. And I think if multiplied to make for a very, very meaningful change. When we start replaying even events like last year at $100 billion under varying scenarios, we just come out with much better answers and much less volatility. So trying to kind of get to the bottom line for you question, yes I’m very expect to have or hope to have good results for the next nine months that give us yearly results that is much better than the historical average. And that certainly will encourage us to continue to buy back stock as well. And I think it will lead good answer, if to say if it’s a year that’s not average if in terms of various catastrophes.
Joseph Taranto: The equity markets are going I think even probably guess that is what we have guessed is that it’s been a good place for to us be in the last year. We have an investment meeting every month to decide what we chart to do going forward, but I think we will leave it to you to put expected increases on the equity markets.
Joseph Taranto: Well I think you’re – what you’re missing currently is the improvement in attritional results. Essentially we’ve highlighted this as an example the additional cap premium we’ve had just in the first quarter. Already taking into account April those that number is now approximately $100 million. Joe mentioned that we expect that 100 to be an increase by the year end over $150 million. So that’s how the dramatic improvement on our attritional combined ratio is. In addition the shift from (inaudible) excess change in terms of conditions is all pointed towards driving that attritional lost ratio down lower.
Joseph Taranto: Perfect. Okay. Great. And then one last one if I could on capital deployment, it was nice to see the buyback in the quarter. Should we be thinking about buybacks plus dividends being at or below operating income going forward and what is your appetite well I guess still 83% of book value now after today’s move given the growth. 
Joseph Taranto: There’s also opportunities to deploy our capital as I mentioned earlier and spread our aggregate to other parts of the U.S. and around the globe and continue to balance up that portfolio as rate increases outside of Florida present themselves and we like deploy our capital in the most diversified way. So that helps us to do that as well.
Joseph Taranto: I think that you are right. I think what you’re focusing on is the expense ratio on the insurance side was obviously challenged a little bit, not probably so, but a little bit by the fact that the crop premium in particular was not heavy number in the first quarter. So as that begins to emerge to – back towards that annualized $150 million or $160 million number, we’ll enjoy the benefit of a lower expense ratio in the succeeding quarters.
Joseph Taranto: I don’t anticipate any wrath, I really like the formula that we’ve been using which is we don’t want increases in exposures if anything we probably want less, but we want more margin and more premium. I think that’s the sign of an improving market, I think that’s what we want our underwriters to achieve. Again, this is all coming on the back of lot of losses that were paid last year and so I think it’s proper. So I’d just like – I just like to be planned as it currently is and at least for this year I’m not envisioning any increase in P&L, certainly not in the (inaudible).
Joseph Taranto: It might be something modestly more, but it won’t be something tremendously more, I think what – where we are looking for is less volatility, more profitability and the ability to again to continue buy back the stock. So I think it’s a good spot, I think that’s the sweet spot for us at this point. So we are not looking to any significant way to increase cash exposure in the peak sums. We have found opportunities in resilience that we didn’t have log exposure, Dom mentioned the Midwest where we weren’t there before the last year or so. And we will continue to look for other opportunities around the world, but we don’t expect any big increase in P&L in Florida, even though we do expect improved conditions.
Joseph Taranto: You have to be more specific in….Howard Flanker – Flanker & Company:  For example, I haven’t looked through this year 10-Q, but last year in the 10-Q the loss ratio was 120.4, and in your announcement was 123.6, and that’s happened for a number of quarters, so you are using some different measures, I want to know what the difference could be….
Joseph Taranto: Of course we do, but I don’t have the specifics in front of me, so I’m struggling a little bit with….Howard Flanker – Flanker & Company:  Well, I don’t know what the loss ratios is going to be in the 10-Q, but this year you said the loss ratio was 60.4 and last year the similar number is 123.6, correct? First page of your release, but if you look at the 10-Q on the table that 123.6 became what did I say 124.4.
Joseph Taranto: I should flip the pages. Howard Flanker – Flanker & Company:  Yeah, it’s on page 28 in the Q and there is a difference, so I do not understand the difference.
Joseph Taranto: Well I was referencing on the insurance side, I was referencing the run off of certain programs and essentially what I was referencing there was this is that was terminated and of course using the term run off applying that premiums would be coming down each and every quarter, as that…Howard Flanker – Flanker & Company:  That I understand. That’s not the word I was thinking. There’s another word you used and I haven’t heard it used very much. It wasn’t underlying premium, it was another word, I’ll probably have to get back in queue and I’ll ask…
Joseph Taranto: Yeah, I do think that in the case of CBR for example, I think the industry is obviously very worried about that early on, and that seems to have tempered quite a bit. I don’t think the loss is actually reached a level that the industry had feared. 
Dominic Addesso: No, a little bit of a reduction in quake, some modest reductions in Japan wind, Canadian British Columbia quake, things of that sort.
Dominic Addesso: I can give you some broad executive summary and it’s broad. Last call I mentioned that we expected to write an additional $100 million to $150 million in pure cat premium on our book of business that still looks to be a pretty good number and yet if you ask me in terms of just worldwide exposure I think if anything were down a bit because terms and conditions they are much better and again the rates being up that’s where I think the premium growth comes from.
Dominic Addesso: Yeah, let me help. We certainly grade it down. We achieved I think something like 9% increases about two years ago. This rating period increased last year, I believe we averaged 15% and this year, to the first quarter we are averaging 10% and these all compound and we think they are well in excess of plain cost inflation. It’s far to put a number on what plain cost inflation is exactly, but if you want to use half of that might be close to my best guess. That means as the rates continue to play out, we are surpassing plain costs to buy pretty decent margin and that’s why we think each quarter just on the back of that should be better and by the end of the year if not sooner we’ll be booking underwriting profits on (inaudible) income.
Dominic Addesso: It’s a good question and certainly we debate it. But we have some other great opportunities like buying stock back and so we want to limit volatility to make sure that we can act on that front as much as we want to as well. So I think it’s just a question of how much did we build on the various opportunities that we have.
Dominic Addesso: We would be happy to call you back and do the reconciliation.Howard Flanker – Flanker & Company:  Okay. And then you used the term, that where I’m not acquainted, it’s not run off but rates of the premium, I forgot the word my memory slipped me.
Dominic Addesso: Right up until year-end of course it was obviously saw a lot of upward pressure on claims from Thailand, late reporting et cetera. We did it of course a deep dive on the events there in closing out the yearend. We’ve had and of course we do the same thing every quarter with all of our events. And I’m happy to report that this particular quarter has been very stable. As you do know that the yearend, we had some additional provisions that we made, given the uncertainty of 2011 around all of those events, I’m also pleased to say that we’ve not seen any movement around that number. So that’s been stable, we had no reason to quite frankly utilize that IBNR at this point. So it still exists there in the event that there is some volatility around those results, but pleased to report that it’s has been very, very stable. Does that answer..
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Perfect, fair enough. So again on that 13% growth number, if – and I know it’s a historical and it’s hopefully you beat it and obviously you’re off to a decent start, but that points to earnings of north of 14 bucks a share to get to that level. Streets not even close today to that. So as you guys look at our models what are we missing with regards to the earnings power of Everest Re. 
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: And I would add insurance on top of that improving. So put it all together it really improved underwriting with some help from the markets especially in the property catastrophe side, it’s not so much any changes on investments or even future taxes. Share buyback of course will sweeten things but I guess Greg it was being this was what Dom just said improvement on the underwriting side. 
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Look our apatite’s buyback we haven’t issued forecast, but – and we won’t just we want flexibility but we will continue to buyback and at 83% we think it’s very attractive to buyback. The fact that we have had very good earnings and certainly are hopeful of continued good earnings only encourages us to buyback more. So that’s our formula with net earnings buyback.
