Dom Addesso: Thanks, Beth and good morning to all. We are pleased to report another excellent quarter, which continues to improve on the trend from last year. The attritional combined ratio for the first quarter improved to 80.4% from 81% for the full year of 2013. Premium volume continues to grow rising 7% over last year. Despite softening in the property cat market, there are still sufficient opportunities for profitable growth for Everest given our scale and financial strength. John will get into further detail in his report, but is evidenced by the improving combined ratio. The growth has come with improving margins, which is partly the result of new products, particularly in the credit and specialty line space. In the property reinsurance lines, where there have been rate reductions would continue to modify our portfolio to achieve the best risk-adjusted return. So, for example, in Canada, where rates were going up for property catastrophe exposed lines, we committed more capacity. Likewise in other territories, we reduced our move to different layers, our move to pro rata from excess, or we rode different types of product. Of course, we did renew accounts at reduced rates, but only when they met our return hurdles. And in most regions, there is still business at attractive rates. I must emphasize that the ability to diversify and remain flexible is the key to improving margins. An additional tool that has enabled us to improve our net position is our capital markets platform, Mt. Logan. This has enabled us to increase our share across many programs and bring new product to market. While at the same time earned fees and profit share on the business sourced. A key value of our global franchise is being able to marry the risk appetite of the capital markets, with a global, well-diversified source of business, constructed by best-in-class underwriting and analytical skills. There are not many that can duplicate this value proposition. You also no doubt saw that we recently came to market for cap-on placement. This is another capital market vehicle allowing us to leverage our underwriting ability and marketing reach across a larger capital base. This transformation of our business at least for now is about capital management. Capital is now available in many forms. And while this can cause us to reshape our capital structure, one thing is constant, developing business, underwriting that business, producing contracts and paying claims. These additional forms of capital provide more options for managing our equity base and funding growth. We are flexible and adaptive to change that can add value to customers and shareholders. You have also heard us speak about our insurance operations as another source of business that can be a diversifying risk. For these reasons we have continued to increase our emphasis in building this business out further while remaining focused on improving results. In the first quarter results we are clearly seeing the early signs of this progress with a 98.2% combined ratio. Same time, we have already expanded into new products and territories. And excluding crop insurance which was down in the quarter, our insurance book grew 10% in the first quarter. Craig will explain the adjustment in crop premiums (first) quarter. Our crop business remains an important part of our strategy, but we will face some downward pressure on the premium side in part because of the decline in commodity prices from last year. Nevertheless, our plan is to grow our footprint as diversification is key to developing and managing a profitable book in this sector. As we move forward, the significance of emphasizing underwriting profitability in all segments takes on even greater importance as investment income continues to come under pressure. In the low rate environment and in a business where asset allocation is closely followed by rating agencies, there are limited options. We were an – early adopters of different asset allocation strategies which has kept our returns amongst the best in the sector. However, given constraints, we are not expecting dramatic changes from here. Nevertheless, we will continue to be active but prudent in terms of allocation. Despite these headwinds, whether it is a tough rate environment, third party capital, with declining investment income, we have another terrific quarter with net income of almost $300 million and return on capital of 17%. And we would expect this to continue through the remainder of the year absent any significant events. With these results and our focus on managing capital we are pleased to be able to return to shareholders $285 million in the first quarter through share repurchase and dividends. This is a record for us in any one quarter. And we are committed to returning capital consistent with the needs of the business. Thank you and now to Craig for the financial highlights.
Dom Addesso: Jay, this is Dom. That certainly would be a reasonable assumption. It could improve from there, but due to continued improvement in California comp, but that’s a reasonable assumption.
Dom Addesso: The crop book actually for the year we are still anticipating at this point mid 90s combined, so low 90s combined depending on the outcome of winter wheat, but generally we are expecting the overall number to gravitate towards the mid 90s on an accident year basis.
Dom Addesso: Well, I didn’t expect that question right out of the gate. I think first of all let me say, it certainly would be inappropriate for me to comment on the transaction per se and I know that’s not what you are asking about, but clearly I think that as we have been discussing in some of our opening comments, we have benefited by, for example, by our scale and our strength in the marketplace and our capital position. And I think in part if this transaction or transactions like this are in fact an attempt to achieve a different level of scale in the marketplace. So, it doesn’t surprise me, not particularly this transaction, but that we would see transactions like this bubble up in the marketplace for that reason. The other reasons I really wouldn’t be in a position to comment on, but I do think that’s in part what’s driving this particular idea and perhaps ideas like this in the future.
Dom Addesso: The earned premium was down $17 million. The net premium that was written is down $30 million for the quarter.
Dom Addesso: Well, certainly there is downward pressure in the overall property cat space depending on the territory. And given how well that market is still priced, we certainly would expect that pressure to carryover into Florida. In terms of our prediction as to how much, well, we will just have to wait and see. We are not prognosticating at this point. No, for us, we write on an XOL basis about $130 million in Florida and then the remainder of our exposure is on a pro rata basis. And as we said again in our opening comments, if rates are down, but still meet our return hurdles, yes, we may do some continuing XOL, but it more likely be that perhaps we would ship some of our capacity to quota share. And again it depends on what the market is willing to give us from this June.
Dom Addesso: 13.8% is an effective tax rate that we would expect for the year that rate could even go up from there as we have talked about in the past specifically on the last quarter call that if there are no catastrophes for the year that rate could even go up. That’s with an expected amount of catastrophes for the year.
Dom Addesso: Excuse me, one other point, keep in mind that, that in your assumptions that rate does have to move with cat losses, so you can take the rate up without taking expected cat losses down, correct.
Dom Addesso: I’ll let Craig give you the last year information, but right now for California comp on an accident year basis, we are in the mid 90s.
Dom Addesso: What property cat, because Bermuda is a mixture of property and casualty, so it’s a little tough to answer that question.
Dom Addesso: It’s exactly that. It’s the mix change. They can move in and out of retro business depending on what we do, out of London and some of those transactions, it’s essentially mix change which is driving that.
Dom Addesso: Well, first of all, keep in mind that on a gross written premium basis, Bermuda was down year-over-year.
Dom Addesso: And I think it’s a reflection of when we say a mix change, it’s kind of we would like to emphasize over and over is that we have the capacity, the willingness and the ability to actually change our mix and move from one class of business to another, one layer to another always trying to achieve the best risk-adjusted return. So that’s really what we are striving to do and in times you will see a segment like Bermuda, for example, perhaps slip in premium, because we are backing away from certain class of business that aren’t giving us the right return.
Dom Addesso: There is always that potential. And it all depends on how fast and how far rate decreases are and what we back away from in terms of business that doesn’t meet our return hurdle. So, yes, if you would want to continue to write the same book of business, year-in and year-out, yes, attritionals will rise. On the other hand, if you move into different new products, different geographies change attachment point, use the capital markets potentially. I mean, there is lots of ways in which we can maintain our profitability throughout difficult, which you are describing as a difficult market.
Dom Addesso: Our Florida pro rata is approximately it would be another couple of $100 million or in total – sorry, in total it would be $280 million roughly, that’s XOL and pro rata.
Dom Addesso: We are not talking just Florida here. We are talking across the entire portfolio globally. So its new clients globally, it’s an with existing clients across the world. Specifically in Florida I mean we have relationships with almost 40 companies and we see how deal that comes into the market and we have been trading with many of those clients for many, many years. And we do have relationships that are not broadly marketed.
Dom Addesso: We have not yet seen any changes I am not saying we are not out there. But we have maintained – actually we didn’t answer much question earlier about loss cost trends. We have build loss cost trends into projection and that’s typically depending on massive business in the mid to high single digit range so that’s built into our reserve assumptions. And so far that has been sufficient clearly in the most recent accident years. The reserve development we saw in the fourth quarter of last year is primarily older years.
Dom Addesso: So just to follow-up on that you can see that we – while the combined ratio has not improved to the level of rate increases which means that we are taking some of that obviously into loss cost trend and probably more than as necessary at this point but (indiscernible).
Dom Addesso: Okay, I am sorry. So right now we do not need to do that and in fact growth strategy at least for us will never be built on an acquisition. It doesn’t mean that we don’t look at many things because as you can well imagine everyone calls us when there is a potential deal out there. But we do not build our growth strategy off of an acquisition. We prefer frankly to build from within so you don’t have to deal with legacy issues, integration issues and nine times out of ten there is limited strategic value to many of the opportunities that we see.
Dom Addesso: That was John that spoke to that and I don’t know that we are necessarily seeing it differently by size customer. Certainly, it can be influenced by the size of the transaction given that there might be some that are hungrier for premium. That would maybe – could be the only comment I would make about that.
Dom Addesso: Well in the past, we have guided people to just the general equity markets. And I think we probably still would say that, that is as good a proxy as you can get and I think it points to what Craig mentioned earlier that in response to another question that our limited partnerships were quite strong last year, but that’s kind of in line with the general equity markets were strong last year. And conversely, the equity markets in the first quarter this year were not quite as strong or flattish. And I think that’s consistent with our limited partnership experience, except for the one. I mean, in our particular case, there was this one LP, which was distorting I think what we would otherwise normally have expected for the quarter. And that we would not expect that going forward. So, I would say that the best proxy you can use is the general equity market – public equity market.
Dom Addesso: Just good stewards on the expense side, in part it’s premium growth and frankly that’s most of it and maybe some internal allocations, but nothing dramatic other than premium growth.
Dom Addesso: Well, yes, one of your questions was that we are looking at that as I think probably most of our peer companies are doing. And we haven’t yet determined where we are going with or we have not yet concluded on that analysis yet. And generally it would certainly cause one to think that it could soften the casualty reinsurance market further from where it is now. On the other hand of the types of transactions that are likely to go into these types – into these facilities are not generally – generally already tend to be lower margin type business, lower volatility associated with the class of the business that fit these structures. And so it may not have as dramatic an impact as has been prognosticated by many on the overall capital market. That remains to be seen. I am not sure that any of us really know for sure where that all ends up, but it is something we are looking at. And in fact it can create interesting opportunities for seeding companies frankly that to help them with their cost to capital on transactions and they in fact create opportunities into the reinsurance market space that don’t exist today. We are the casualty space frankly where a lot of companies are holding on seeding less business, increasing mix. Some of these ideas can in fact create transactions that can help their P&L or balance sheet and perhaps a reinsurer can add value and see premium go up in the space. There are a lot of possibilities that can come out of these structures, but we are examining that very closely.
Dom Addesso: Again there is many, many moving parts to it. There is a current submits to seed-in commissions to the extent and we saw this phenomenon last year to the extent that there was a – to the extent that the reinsurance spanning goes down from some of our clients resulted in more attractive combined ratios including seed-in commission to the reinsurer. So we – as we talked about it on the last couple of calls, we wrote more pro rata business last June. We also wrote more pro rata business at one -one. We wrote another $50 million - $55 million of property pro rata at one-one. And again we crossed our book the combined ratio globally improved.
Dom Addesso: I don’t know we answered that question certainly if we were to go down to your question, 10 this year and 10 next year, we certainly would be getting very, very close to all walk away point.
Dom Addesso: On a full basis, but again remember that it doesn’t mean that we don’t participate in that market through our platform. If capital markets are willing to come down to those levels then we have the capacity that we can deploy in that fashion or move again to more pro rata. And as we can still stay very, very active in the marketplace and move to other products, move to different attachments points. Perhaps write the business and use the capital markets as a reinsurer, so there are many ways in which this can play out to our benefit frankly going forward.
Dom Addesso: It’s not – the $1.2 billion is one point in the curve. The reinsurance we purchased is a special purpose vehicle, Kilimanjaro, that finishes that cap-on is not one point on the curve, it’s across the distribution.
Dom Addesso: Yes, but remember the $400 million be careful though, the $400 million that we cited as now assets under management that’s a recent number.
Dom Addesso: There is also a accounting recognition of the premium. Over 2014, we would expect it to be higher and more seeded premium in each of the quarters going forward against that capital base.
Dom Addesso: I think we are trying to build the mousetrap that is maybe different and better than what is out there. And I think the fact that we have been able to go from zero to $400 million in the relatively short of time highlights that we may have a better mousetrap than others that are out there.
Dom Addesso: Well, we tend to want to think about share repurchases within the context of earnings. That’s generally has been our approach. And what we are trying to do with our capital in Mt. Logan and the use of cap-ons and other types of third-party capital structures is grow the business. Alright, this is a growth strategy not one in which we are trying to shrink the business. As we have mentioned earlier, we think that our size capital position rating, global franchise and the ability to grow is what perpetuates the good earnings we have been able to produce and good ROEs we have been able to produce. So in all of that context, it really means that it’s to our advantage in the marketplace to the extent that opportunities present themselves to grow our capital base. And when I say grow our capital base that means in all vehicles that we have mentioned meaning our own equity capital, Mt. Logan, use of cap-on structures and other vehicles. But in the context of our equity capital, it is important to us to be the size that we are at. So we think about share repurchases in the context of earnings.
Dom Addesso: That depends on the price of our stock. It depends on what opportunities present themselves. It depends on a lot of things. And we don’t give prognostications about what level of shares we are going to be repurchasing, but as you saw we did obviously have $250 million this quarter was a pretty good number for us.
Dom Addesso: Yes, hopefully the reserve practices that we have been adopting over the last couple of years I think will hold us in good stead, but we point out that our reserves even prior to we getting here in many years developed favorably, probably less than 9 years come in positive relative to the initial pick. The we do our reserve studies meanly around the year end we do some of the smaller classes of business throughout the year, but the larger material lines, we focus on that in the fourth quarter, certainly if we see anything coming out of the smaller lines of business during the years we can pick some action certainly like we did here in the first quarter with the insurance from the medical amounts side and but insurance has been more of an issue than reinsurance because many of the business we were in were lines of business and those typically many of the business tend to be more problematic than in the ongoing book. And also our insurance lines of business tend to be on overall basis tend to be in the longer tail areas in the reinsurance side. So those are some of the more challenges related to insurance, but we clearly think that we have got control.
Dom Addesso: We thank you very much and thanks for your questions. We would like to just say in summary that clearly we think we had a great quarter what some will describe as a challenging environment. We happened to think that the challenges create opportunities for a company like Everest and we have the ability to do different things and respond quickly and appropriately to market conditions that are at our feet today and they certainly won’t be the same tomorrow or two years from now. We appreciate your questions and your support and look forward to seeing everybody in the interim. Thank you.
John Doucette: Yes, this is John, Amit. Yes, we are seeing that opportunity in some cases private layers, in some cases clearly at 11 and 41 preferential signings, but also new products, new layers, new products with existing clients and new clients. And that answers the prior question about attritional losses as well. It’s our job to figure out how to make money, no matter what market we face. And yes we are seeing the opportunities where we are one of the biggest broker markets in the world and we are getting better and better signings from brokers and clients working with the brokers.
John Doucette: And the answer to Mike’s question was the rate increase for 2013 was 13%. And we were running in the 96 range last year on an accident basis.
John Doucette: And obviously, this is John, and obviously it is also reflective of the clients’ individual experience. So, lot of cases, whether it’s whatever class of business they are in, if they are spending that results, we see seeding commissions going down. If there has been catastrophes that have hit, there are covers, including pro rata deals, seeding commissions go down. So, really it’s both the macro and the micro situation that drives these.
John Doucette: I wouldn’t expect that the same dynamics that we are expecting be extra well of our market from the introduction of third party capital to have as to no matter can impact on the pro rata market that I think is really what you are getting in.
John Doucette: Yes, this is John. Basically that’s the (indiscernible) cap-on the mechanics of that really reflect, it’s basically is taking for the current one it’s Southeast states and it basically is taking industry loss events because it’s a PCS trigger. It’s taking industry loss event and then there is effectively market shares by each of those states. And so it’s taking a very big loss and then scaling it down or range of big losses and then scaling it down to the market share. So those are – the short answer is those are two different things, our PMLs and how the mechanics of the bond responds.
