Craig Howie: Thank you, Dom, and good morning, everyone. Everest had a solid quarter of earnings, with net income of $246 million, this compares to net income of $156 million for the second quarter of 2016. On a year-to-date basis, net income was $537 million compared to $327 million for the first half of 2016. The primary differences were unimproved underwriting result, higher capital gains, higher investment income, lower catastrophe losses, and lower foreign exchange losses compared to the first half of 2016. Net income included $50 million of net after-tax realized capital gains compared to $30 million of capital losses in the first half of 2016. After-tax operating income for the second quarter was $227 million compared to $134 million in 2016. Operating income year-to-date was $487 million compared to $357 million for the first six months of 2016. The overall underwriting gain for the group was $313 million for the first half compared to an underwriting gain of $234 million in the same period last year. All segments reported underwriting gains for both the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. The year-to-date combined ratio for the group was 88.3%, down from 90.7% reported in the first half of 2016, with lower catastrophe losses contributing to this favorable variance. In the second quarter of 2017, the group saw $54 million of current year catastrophe losses net of reinsurance. Of the total, $25 million related to wildfires in South Africa, $15 million related to U.S. storms in Colorado and $14 million related to floods in Peru. This compares with $124 million of catastrophes during the second quarter of 2016. On the year-to-date basis, catastrophe losses totaled $74 million compared to $134 million for the first half of 2016. Excluding the catastrophe losses, the current year additional combined ratio through the first six months was 85.6%, essentially flat from 85.7% for the first half of 2016. Our expense ratio remains at 5.8% for the first two quarters of 2017. For investments, pretax investment income was $135 million for the quarter and $257 million year-to-date, on our $18 billion investment portfolio. Investment income was up 9% from one year ago. This result was primarily driven by the increase in limited partnership income, which was up $14 million for the first half of 2016, primarily due to the turnaround in energy-related investments compared to last year. The pretax yield on the overall portfolio was 2.9%, with a duration of just over three years. Foreign exchange is reported in other income. For the first half of 2017, foreign exchange losses were $5 million, compared to $31 million of foreign exchange losses in the first six months of 2016. The 2016 foreign exchange losses reflected the weakening of the British pound during 2016 related to the Brexit vote. Other income also included $4 million of earnings and fees from Mt. Logan Re in the first six months of 2017 compared to $3 million of income in the first half last year. The increase reflects the lower level of catastrophe losses during the first half of 2017 compared to 2016, resulting in a higher profit share to Everest. On income taxes, similar to the first quarter of 2017, the 9% year-to-date effective tax rate on operating income was lower than the expected range for the year. The 2017 rate is lower than the 10% tax rate for the full year 2016, due to a FASB tax accounting change related to share based compensation and the utilization of foreign tax credits for years 2008 and prior. These two items reduced the effective tax rate by about one point. The effective tax rate is an annualized calculation that includes planned catastrophe losses for the remainder of the year. Should catastrophe losses come in lower than this estimate, it would be expected that the tax rate would increase. Stable cash flow continues, with operating cash flows of $634 million for the first half of 2017 compared to $684 million in 2016. The decline reflects a higher level of paid catastrophe losses in 2017 compared to 2016. Shareholder's equity for the group was $8.6 billion at the end of the second quarter, up $500 million or 6% over year end 2016. This was after taking into account capital return for $103 million of dividends paid in the first half of 2017. Our capital position remains very strong and continues to grow. Thank you. And now John Doucette will provide a review of the range on its operations.
Craig Howie: I would just add to that Kai that there's really a couple of things here to remember. Number one is that we have doubled our underwriting staff over the last two years. So, we had a lot more boots on the ground, seeking profitable opportunities in the lines of business we have chosen. Secondly, we have launched literally dozens of products. So, to Dom's point about diversification across platform, it significant, it's coming from a number of different areas. To the point I tried to raise earlier, it's not -- growth is not linear across our platform, it's not all moving in lock step. There are several actions being taken still to try to drive a better attritional result. So, we're seeing now the effects of all those efforts that have happened over the last couple of years.
Craig Howie: I think we always take a look at what the inflation is when we look at loss cost trend on the overall portfolio, Meyer. And we look at not only social inflation, but we look at everything that's going on claim inflation, social inflation. We look at the frequency and severity of the claims as they come through as well. But that's always part of our process as we go through picking our loss estimates.
Craig Howie: Well, we typically have looked at the range before Kai. When we look at our tax rate, we essentially go and we look at with and without catastrophe losses as you've heard us say in the past. So, last year for 2016, was a mild year for tax rates, but -- and we had a full year effective tax rate of about 10%. What I would say to you is, if we had no catastrophes in the year, in other words, more taxable income, that rate could go as high as up to 13%. But that would give you a relative range of where I would expect to be.
Dom Addesso: Elyse, this is Dom. I'll ask John to comment as well. As we mentioned and you mentioned, part of it was due to the shift to couple of new proportional deals which that earned premium and that will have an impact on the remainder of the year, so that will affect premium growth. And then also, crop the -- crop reinsurance transaction, which will also have similar impact on the remainder of the year. But absent that, the renewable seasons are pretty much over, other than we had in July 1. But again, most of the activities in the first half of the year in terms of renewals and new business opportunities. The growth areas for us though continued to be mortgage credit, structured solution and that's where -- absent the other items I just mentioned, that's where, frankly, the growth opportunities are and that our previous guidance on that in terms of growth. As you indicated, the high single-digit would still remain unless John has anything to add to that.
Dom Addesso: Kai, this is Dom. I don't necessarily agree with your assertion or assumption that growth comes -- with growth underwriting deterioration. As I just kind of described in response to Elyse's question, the diversification across many different product segments allows us to maintain our underwriting integrity and increase capacity to those lines of business getting adequate returns. We do think that we are improving our traditional, there still some improvement that we think we can garner particularly in the Property segment, remembering that the first half of the year. So, Property, as Jonathan pointed out, had a number of cat events, but also, as we described in non-cat events, adding two points of the attritional, and we anticipate that, as the year plays out, that we'll some improvement in those areas. So, we would certainly anticipate an improvement in combined ratio picture on the insurance side, again, coming from diversity, diversification most business unit, and products within those business units. And remembering that we are a specialty insurer, and we are not commercial. We're not into [Indiscernible] business or those areas that are subject to, in our views, some of the more competitive pressures in the marketplace.
Dom Addesso: Well, some of that is dependent upon what happens with future rate levels, right? And I don't know that we have all the details that could give you that. So, we do have some of it. So, growth in crop that have 4.6 point impact, we had -- some of the increase due to pro rata had an impact of approximately three points, so that will give you some indications on the attrition. That's what what's driving the higher attrition.
Dom Addesso: On the international side, we had explained improvement in some of the operations there, Middle East, Africa, showing some improvement in the non-cat loss trend and that we had Bermuda site, we had an increased due to higher ERR on some of the treaty -- higher ERR picked on some of the treaties we've written. So, it varies across the entire portfolio. And the reason I kind of go through some of these in detail is reflect the fact that, it's what I said before, Everest has -- generally is an operational strategy, moves around various lines of businesses and I can't tell you necessarily what 1/1, for example, will bring us and we could change our portfolio again. So, it's little difficult to answer.
Dom Addesso: Our capital growth is kind of consistent with our premium growth. Our premium growth is -- we have sufficient capital for the growth that we've had for the first half of the year. If anything, our excess capital position has maybe just inched up a very little bit, but not enough to warrant that we would increase -- go back in terms of the short-term. We've purchased particularly at the levels that are stock of that today.
Dom Addesso: And that's not something that's new to the industry. It's something that all companies have to deal with. And if you look at our reserving history, I think it demonstrates that we're properly taking those factors into account and establishing our reserve position.
Dom Addesso: No, loss cost trend obviously have been rather tamed for a number of years. And it's a little tough to project when that social inflation for example kicks in, but general inflation, of course, has been relatively modest. Other than healthier trends, of course, which impacts [Indiscernible].
Dom Addesso: Across all of our businesses, that's our preference. It doesn't mean, however, that we wouldn't -- if something came across our desk that looked very strategic and could propel us to a different level more quickly and didn't have huge integration issues and/or legacy concerns, we would certainly consider it. And of course, if you're pointing to Lloyd's, but I would say that Lloyd's is a platform. It's not necessarily the entire strategy if you will. It's a platform that enables us to execute our Continental European strategy as well as outside of North America and Europe. And we can -- we have other areas that we are pursuing, our other platforms that we're considering again internal build that would enable us to move forward on those ventures.
Dom Addesso: Again thank you very much. And thanks again to all for your participation this morning in the call and your questions. As we mentioned, the growth in the first half for us has been strong both Insurance and Reinsurance, but our first priority continues to be underwriting profit. That's why you see us continually optimizing our portfolio on the Reinsurance side, for example, as we change attachment points, increase pro rata, non-renewal certain layers, diversify into various regions, and rotate into other risk classes like mortgage, credit, or structured solutions. So, it is with an emphasis on an underwriting profit. In the Insurance segment, our underwriting strategy is a product specialty and diversification again, which is, as I said earlier, allows us to provide capacity to the most attractive areas and also clearly minimize the impact of any one line of business to the extent it reaches some difficulty. So, diversification and specialization remain cornerstone of what we do. And so for the reasons that I just mentioned, we remain optimistic that through the cycle, we can outperform the overall market. Again, thank you very much and I look forward to meeting with many of you in the weeks ahead. Have a good day.
John Doucette: And Kai, this is John. Just to add a little bit color to that. And a lot of this is -- you also may be better to look at the year-to-date numbers as opposed to the quarter, because there's always going to be quarterly volatility just from large risk losses that happen, non-cat-cat events or weather losses that happen that that move these things around. So, we think the year-to-date attritional combined ratio is more reflective for the Reinsurance operation.
John Doucette: Hi, Meyer, this is John. There's certainly some of that, that we -- and I think that you saw that last quarter as well, that some of the noise. So, in general, market losses of certain size are going to be more an Insurance loss than a Reinsurance loss. And I think, directionally, given what we've been doing with the book, it would mean that it would take larger, the real noteworthy headline cat losses and not just the things you see on TV with the good video images. It would really take larger ones to cause larger losses for us.
John Doucette: And Meyer its John, just to add a little more. I think also there's no one simple one line answer to that. We have -- across the group, we have 300 IBNR groups in many lines of business, in many territories around it and what -- and how social inflation or claims inflation or other things like that are driving loss cost. It is dynamic, it varies. I would say though that we have spent a lot of time between feedback loops, between pricing actuaries and underwriters and reserving estuaries and the underwriting and pricing to make sure that we are thoughtful and how we think about that, and are able to respond to what we see as changing market condition.
