Juan Andrade: Yes, thanks. Elyse. This is Juan. So let me start out with that and then I'll ask Jim Williamson to add some additional color specific to your question on the loss ratio. Now, I would start off by saying that Reinsurance reported I think a very strong 86.1 attritional combined ratio in the quarter and 85.8 year to date and we achieved at the underwriting discipline, strong market conditions and a prudent loss picks selection. You've heard us talk about our strategy and the disciplines, we're implementing that squarely focused on continuing to drive world-class margins. But with that, let me ask Jim to give you some additional color on what drove the loss ratio.
Juan Andrade: Elyse, and maybe if I could jump back, and this is Juan and just add a couple of quick things, one, I think we also recognize that by growing casualty pro rata, we're also seeing lower volatility then from the growth in Property cat XOL but also keep in mind, what's going on in the environment. So I think this goes directly to your question on expected margin and we are confident based on all our metrics that we're looking at that, we are building future expected margin not only reinsurance, but also an insurance. We're still seeing rate exceeding expected loss cost. From my prepared remarks, you heard about the improvement in economics that we have seen across the board in our renewals last year and this year, particularly in reinsurance. We're basically increasing our margins while lowering our exposure. And again, I point you to the fact that an 85 combined ratio for the year on an attritional basis for reinsurance is excellent.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Mike. Thanks for the question and I'll give you some additional color and ask Mike to also jump in I start by agreeing with you. I mean, our comp business is still very profitable and I stated that also in our prepared remarks, but we are mindful of how we deploy capital and we do see that pricing has flattened in workers' compensation at this point. Actually, in June we saw it go positive for the first time, so we're looking at that closely and see if that's a hardening of things to come. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we'd like to comp business. But we're also smart about how we deploy capital and we're seeing frankly better return opportunities right now in other lines of business, which I quoted in my remarks, where we're seeing significant rate across the board, but we are starting to see not only the flattening. But again, I would point to the fact that in June, we also started to see positive rate across the board but let me ask Mike Karmilowicz to give you some additional color.
Juan Andrade: Yes, Mike, I would add that we're feeling very confident about the underlying book in the insurance division and particularly in this environment with better pricing, better terms, I think you can expect to see some of that going forward.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Sure, Josh. I appreciate the question. So what I would say is, and we've been very consistent about this, we trade with a fairly select number of core partners and that's what's really driving our growth, whether it's in property casualty in markets in the US or around the world and we are absolutely a preferred market for our clients, we're preferred because we're nimble because we're creative, because we distribute authority to our teams, they make decisions, they move quickly and we're benefiting from all of those things. And in this environment. I think for cedents who are sophisticated about their buying. They are absolutely looking to trade up in terms of the quality of their partners and we benefit from that and so what we're seeing on programs around the world is we are getting increased signings with our core partners because of our broad capabilities, we're also able to trade into deals with core partners that we may not have been on before. And then, obviously, as they introduce new programs into the market, we're able to participate there as well. And so we find this to be a very favorable competitive environment that way.
Juan Andrade: Yes, it looks -- that's a very key point to make and it's an important trend and I think folks who expected some of the downturn and frequency of some of these losses during the period of COVID who thought that that would continue. I think that's a significant mistake. And our view has never been that we should react to that temporary environment and so we've held our loss pick study which is sort of where we started the Q&A today. And so that prudence really puts us in a strong position, as things start to unwind, and you do see a little bit more activity in terms of litigation and things of that nature, we don't have to react the other way either. So that prudence that consistency benefits us when you see these very short-term changes in loss trend, we have to really be picking our losses for the long-term trends that we're experiencing and those trends have not ceased just because of the temporary slowdown due to COVID.
Juan Andrade: And, Josh, I would -- this is Juan. I would give you some color on the primary side where you are starting to see frequency come back to more normalized lever particularly around commercial auto general liability et cetera et cetera. So this goes back to the theory that we have since last year, which is the shutdowns and the lockdowns in the COVID pandemic did lead to a temporary change in frequency patterns maybe even severity patterns. But that's not going to be a steady state, I think you will see normalized frequency normalized severity come back.
Juan Andrade: Yes, thanks for the question Meyer, what I would say is, you really have to break it down into its components and I think there are some areas, particularly in the commercial lines, which is really where our book is focused they can respond pretty quickly. And it's, it's a combination of obviously rate which we're seeing very strongly in the market, it's a combination of terms, conditions, attachment points, limits, our cedents and because we do partner with very high quality primary underwriters, they are absolutely aggressively addressing changing conditions in the underlying property market. And so I think it actually happens reasonably quickly. But again, and I hate to sound like a broken record on this, is why we do maintain prudency in our loss picks, because some of these things take time to unfold. And we want to make sure that they get proven out. The other piece that's important. When we think about our own profitability in property pro rata is obviously loss pick is critical, but we also look at things like ceding commission, and so we've seen improvements in terms there and that allows us to get to a place where the overall economics are very attractive and which is why we're willing to grow the line.
Juan Andrade: Well, it's obviously a very different market and you hear a lot of the market commentary and you heard it from us. Regarding the rate changes that are happening in a lot of the casualty lines here in the US and around the world. And so to the extent that cedents believe they're creating margin they're obviously going to be seeking increased ceding commissions. We've seen a little bit of that activity. It's very modest at this point and I think for cedents who think about their reinsurers as long-term partners which really describes our core partners, the ones that we've grown with over the last couple of years -- I think they're very balanced about that. And so, while there is some upward pressure and you definitely see people seeking improved ceding commissions in the marketplace. It hasn't had a tremendous impact on our casualty business, we still see great opportunities to write new business, and to expand lines in that market and we expect that to continue.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Phil, this is Juan, and good morning. Also, let me start out -- please recall in, I think it was last quarter's earnings call where we talked about all the levers that we're using to improve the profitability and the margins in our insurance division, but also within reinsurance. Right. So it's not just really about mix, it's also about the granular detail of managing the portfolio of making tough decisions on what account you stay on, where do you want to grow and being very purposeful about shaping the portfolio and being able to grow it. If I look back at what we have been able to do in the insurance Division over the last 18 months, the numbers are pretty clear we have been able to lower the attritional combined ratio by about 6 points over that period of time. Since, really the end of 2019 and a lot of it has been these very presumptive actions on the lines of business that we choose to operate in, not operate in etc. The example workers' compensation that we talked about earlier to Mike's question I think is a perfect example of that, right. So that gives you a sense that while. Yes, we have been prudent in our loss picks because we view the environment as I said earlier, a temporary environment because of COVID with the frequency changes that we saw in that time, the reality is, there's a lot of work, beyond that and beyond mix that helps us to shape the portfolio going forward. But let me ask Mike Karm to give you a bit of additional yes, sure.
Juan Andrade: Phil, thank you. In the last comment I would make to that is, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing rate very comfortably ahead of trend particularly in insurance. So when you think about the expected margin that's being built in addition to the actions that I described on the underwriting side, I think that gives you a sense of where this could be going.
Juan Andrade: Great, thank you. Everest is a growing and leading global reinsurance and insurance company with a seasoned leadership team, broadly diversified earnings streams and a clear strategy to drive growth and expand margins while reducing volatility. Our goal is simple, drive superior shareholder returns. We have the platform, the financial strength, the talent, the focus and the commitment to succeed. Thank you for your time with us this quarter and for your support of our company.
Michael Phillips: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to start with comp Juan, I heard your comments in the opening on how you're making some changes in comp and more loss sensitive accounts. But I guess you know there's been a lot to talk of maybe we're starting to see a change in pricing there. I'm not so sure if that's materializing for you guys. I hope you maybe you can give some color on, specifically on California. If you back out the... the COVID impact of California, it looks like the current, the current accident years are still trending pretty well, pretty good margin there. So when we, guys, just curious what you're seeing there and if that's, if that's the case, should we expect to see a turn in the market, especially for your accounts that others are talking about.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thanks guys, thanks for all the details there. Second question, should we expect to see any uptick on the insurance side on the amount of business you want to. So just net to gross premiums we expect to see that to tick up over the next year.
Michael Phillips: Yes. Okay, good. Insurance net the gross premiums. We expect to see that to tick up over the next year or so.
Mike Karmilowicz: Sure. Thanks, Juan. And thanks for the question. Yes. As Juan mentioned, this is a perfect example for cycle management and actually really fully focusing on where we see opportunity and we are starting to see that stabilize across the country, particularly in California. For the first time we think we're starting to see some pockets in green shoots and with exposure both coming on. we are encouraged by where it's going and ultimately, we think that will be prepared to take advantage of that. You also see our slowing down ultimately in our comp, as far as the first quarter over second quarter. We're starting to see some changes there. So we feel that there is going to be some change in the marketplace, particularly in California. Keep in mind too with California, some of the, some of the reports that just came out from some of the organizations around some underlying cost we've noticed too that some of the overall costs that are associated with, with such as reforms on pharmaceutical and other different things California's performed actually better from a loss cost perspective of some of these things. So, we think that by end of the year and on next year. Mike. We'll see some of the starting to benefit us and you'll see us go after the business if that opportunity presents itself.
Mike Karmilowicz: Look, we have -- and you know we started a lot of segments over the years, we've been building this out organically. So we particularly trying to hedge ourselves with some of the Reinsurance in some of these clients we do. I think as you continue to see us gain scale we will definitely see the net tick up with to our growth over time. And as we continue to kind of take the lines in the market to use increase, you'll see that happen.
Mike Karmilowicz: Thanks, Juan. Yes. So I think the short answer is that we still think we're in early innings. We started a lot of these businesses, we've seen obviously some of that improvement. Come through, and again this is dependent on what's happening in the marketplace. So as you can see, to see opportunity, and we see the opportunity get scale and continue to expand our footprint, I think you'll see some of this continue to play through over time. But again, we feel we're making great progress, but we're still in early innings.
Mike Karmilowicz: And I think why it's a well for the last thing I'd say is we continue to hold the line on the loss picks for good reason, because we recognize it over time so I think you're seeing us do the prudent thing and do this in a long-term view.
Mike Karmilowicz: Well, Phil, I mean it's a constant question for us because, look, step one is always supporting the franchise expansion, we're in the best market in almost a generation here. So we are privileging that growth you're seeing very strong top line growth on both segments Reinsurance and Insurance. Having said that capital management. We've been active. We could certainly be more active. I don't see any hesitation on our side to do that. I think you will see that in the future and we can complete both sides of that equation grow strongly without any constraints and manage our capital even more efficiently.
