John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan, and good morning, Mike. Thanks for the question. So again, I think you need to think of the world in two different buckets. One is on the mortgage insurance side, and one is on the GSE side. So on the GSE side, that's really more like a credit mortgage catastrophe. And so it's hard to map that to a loss ratio because as Juan said, there is frequency and severity tied to different percentages of default. So it's not really a loss ratio. On the mortgage insurance side, these are typically quota share deals. But then as I mentioned, given the profit commissions that go back, it roughly -- it's effectively like an excess deal that it catches at about an 80 combined ratio.
John Doucette: Yes. And it will vary by layer. I would just go back to the point I did say, which is -- so some of the GSEs have broad layers that they offer one layer, so -- and a much bigger stretch. Other ones have various layers. And where we had the opportunity, we'd typically play higher up on the -- further remote away from risk. But it's hard to map it to -- there's a lot of moving parts to the answer as to what the default rates are and things like that. And it's very much a function of -- because the GSEs also have the benefit of an earned cover from the MI. So if there is MI insurance on it, so there's -- it's not a -- there is no simple linear answer on that about what the default is. It depends on the type of the default, the frequency, severity, what drove it.
John Doucette: Yes. Good morning, Ryan and hope you’re doing well. Look, that's a -- we write $6.5 billion of premium around the world, a good chunk of that’s property. It's going to vary all over the place. By territory, within property, we write quota share per risk and catastrophe. And there's a mix, and it will vary within region in the U.S. as well. So there's no simple answer to that.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. And I think it's important to point out that not only is the event going on, but we have rolling inception dates that are happening all the time. And we just finished 4/1s. We had some 5/1s in the U.S., May 1. Florida is coming up June 1. And in July, we’ve a lot of renewals kind of all over the world, and facultative is ongoing throughout the year, many times a year. We have inceptions. And one of the things to point out that I think is important is that we are pursuing terms and conditions that help narrow or exclude pandemic risk. And that will ripple into some of the things you're saying about the go-forward. And that will help mitigate, limit or exclude the potential losses going forward. And we're certainly not alone doing that. Other -- while we're leading the charge, many other reinsurers are doing it as well. And I think that will help narrow whatever the scope of this turns out to be. But there's a lot of economic facts and things to come in terms of -- to answer your question better than that.
John Doucette: Yes. I would -- I don't really have that much to add. As we've said, we're also -- our top down bottom up review, we looked internally, externally, talked to a whole lot of brokers, clients looking at our -- not just our catastrophe book, but our contingency book just across all lines of business. We did a kind of first principles review of everything that helped us get to the number that we got to and, again, trying of factor in retentions, deductibles, hours clauses, radiuses, contracts, some on a named peril basis and other provisions that vary. And we -- again, we looked and -- across, did a very thorough review, had a lot of people looking at it and are comfortable, based on what we know today, that we’ve put up a reasonable provision for that.
John Doucette: Yes. Thanks, Juan. Yes, thanks, Elyse. Good question. And so retro is predominantly not exclusively January 1. A lot of it covers -- a very solid majority happen at January 1. And so we’ve seen a few that have come up the summer off-cycle and do it at March, April, May, June. And I think -- so we’ve seen increased pricing there. And I think that the alternative capital that I talked about in my prepared remarks, we are seeing and hearing a lot of noise about redemptions and, again, frustrations with the losses and kind of a comparison to other places to deploy the capacity. So I think there is a lot of noise there that we think will continue for a while. And that will have a direct impact on the retro market. In terms of our hedges, we look at a whole suite of hedges and really try to build a holistic program that has different attachment points, different product types, different geographic coverages, different durations of how long they are in place. And as you will recall, we renewed our catastrophe bonds. We have almost $3 billion in catastrophe bonds in place. We renewed them in November, December. The ones that had expired, we bought lower down. And again, in hindsight, we are glad we took the capital that was available to us then, even though it had been a slight increase in rates. And those are multiyear deals, and they will be in place for the next several years. And because the pricing's already locked in, the cost of that capital, the cost of that or the rate change embedded in that on a go-forward basis is 0. We also have Logan, our strategic partner and continue -- Logan is about flat from January to now and continue to use that as a very important hedging mechanism. And the cost of that goes basically, Logan rides up and down with us as they take quota shares of different layers of and build -- we build portfolios for them where they help us hedge. We do buy traditional reinsurance in retro. We will remain pricing sensitive to using that as a form of hedge. And we also buy ILWs, and we've been in the ILW market since January, looking and buying up ILWs as another way for us to hedge.
John Doucette: Thanks. Appreciate the question. So look, we are seeing a lot of interesting things about demand out there. But I would broaden it beyond people are buying specifically for COVID. People are looking because it's been a bumpy few years for the industry. And I think people's view, whether it's wildfires, Japanese wind, different exposures that happen and the development that we saw, so I think that overall, there's a view of derisking and a lower risk appetite. And that was around and building before COVID. And I think that today, people will be looking not just to how do I protect against COVID, but how do I use reinsurance to help manage volatility in my earnings from typical covers, typical perils as well as consider more capital protection. So -- and I think -- so we are seeing demand from larger buyers. We are seeing demand from smaller ones that are rating-sensitive or have ratings pressure. And a lot of our clients had asset issues due to the impact of the COVID environment, which also drives reinsurance demand.
John Doucette: They -- both the ILWs and the catastrophe bond are named peril and a pandemic is not a named peril, I mean.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Thanks, Mike. And I would go to -- this is Juan, and I would go back to my prepared remarks where I basically said that the majority of the property policies in the primary insurance book do contain a virus exclusion. And we only have a very small -- frankly, it's a very, very small segment where we do offer sub-limited coverage and I mentioned that it's less than $25,000 with very short gaps on duration. And all of that is included in the estimate that we put up for the quarter.
Juan Andrade: Yes, I would be happy to talk to you about that. I would say, number one is we really don't have exposure to frontline first responders and very minimal exposure to the frontline health workers, the health care workers in the portfolio. So that essentially is how we come to that conclusion. So as we went through this very thorough process that I mentioned, we looked at industry profile for businesses that we deemed essential. And that's where the IBNR provision really was put up for those kinds of businesses. But again, when you look at those industries that would be most affected, health care workers, first responders, etcetera, we’ve very minimal exposure in the portfolio.
Juan Andrade: Yes, and that’s essentially the provision that is included in the IBNR that we put up for the quarter. So if you look at our total workers' compensation book, again, the exposure to health care workers, first responders is not there. When it comes back to what we consider to be essential workers, that is really the provision that was taken for the quarter. So we believe that we've already accrued for that.
Juan Andrade: No, it does not. So that’s recent information, right? Look, our point of view on presumption of coverage is that it's something that needs to be taken very seriously obviously. Any broad sweeping presumption measures, frankly, can cause long-lasting harm to the industry and don't make a lot of sense for a number of reasons. Retroactively restructuring the underpinnings of the workers' compensation system to shift the burden of proof of cost to employers and their insurers really undermines the spirit of the workers' compensation system. And that's not something that companies have underwritten or priced for, and thus, it materially weakens the system. And so that is something that needs to be considered. It also violates well-established principles for workers' comp law that the claimant has the burden of proving his or her claim was a workplace injury and is a covered claim. And so that’s the way we tend to view this, but our estimate does not include an expansion of presumption at this point in time.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Ryan, this is Juan. Let me jump in there, and I will ask John to supplement my answer. I think this is where you come back to my comments that this is not a follow-the-fortunes event for Everest, right? When you start looking at event definition, including hours clauses, limiting duration of an event, outlining the radius or the contiguous environment that’s involved, this is where all of that is going to come in into play for us, right? And so John, maybe you can more specifically answer that also.
Juan Andrade: Sure, Elyse. And this is Juan and let me start off with that. Look, I mean this is still obviously a fluid and ongoing event. And we put a pretty thorough process in place in the first quarter that, as I mentioned in my remarks, is ongoing as far as how we're going to be able to continue to refine the estimates as we go-forward. On the reinsurance side, that basically involved spending time with clients, brokers, essentially looking at some of the underlying contracts, etcetera, to be able to get a handle on that. And what we know is that the underlying business that we're protecting, the vast majority of that requires physical damage before providing any cover on the business interruption side of things. And also in the U.S. specifically, most of the underlying policies in those portfolios that we're protecting also will include the virus exclusion. But let me turn it over for John Doucette to give you maybe a bit more additional color on that.
Juan Andrade: One last -- I’m sorry, one last comment I would add to Ron's question, too. If you're also thinking about Everest insurance, we also feel that we’ve a very good reinsurance program that's in place with regard to all of this. So I just wanted to finish that thought. Thank you.
Juan Andrade: Yes. Sure thing, Yaron. This is Juan. I think as Craig mentioned also in his opening comments, when you look at the loss ratio for the quarter, very close or very stable to where we were at the end of the year. There is really a main driver on sort of the uptick, and that really has to do with mix. We saw a bit more growth in A&H, in casualty and in risk management. And those lines of business basically could carry higher loss picks than some of the other lines of business. So I would attribute it basically to the mix and the growth in those specific lines.
Juan Andrade: The expense ratio exactly, that was primarily on the commission side of things where because we did write some more risk management business, etcetera, you also had a mitigating effect on that. So that would be correct.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you, Jon, and thank you for everyone today. And again, as I said, I’m glad that everyone seems to be doing okay. Look, as far as just some quick summary remarks, over the years, our company has built a reputation for strong operating performance with a strong capital position built to withstand catastrophes. And while no one could have predicted an event of this magnitude, we do stand ready to serve our customers and our brokers, and we will have the strength and stability that they will have come to rely on us over the last five decades. So we will keep refining our estimates, and we will keep working on this, but we will also be there for our customers as they need us. Thank you for your time.
