Dom Addesso: Yeah, relates, Josh this is Dom, what I was referencing, I can’t get into the details because we have not concluded on the transaction, but essentially it’s going to leave us with the ability to take our non-standard auto book which is currently running at about $30 million of premium and it’s anticipated that that could grow to as much as $80 million in to 2013. This will give us much better scale in that business, which it is a business that needs scale. And as a consequence not only the ability to improve our underwriting account meaning by the loss ratio, but also gives us an expense advantage. So that – without getting into the details of the structure and the who, that’s the intended outcome.
Dom Addesso: Well, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we’ve already at 1/1 increased our property premium by $150 million. So, that was essentially 15% growth if you will.
Dom Addesso: Well, you didn’t miss that because we didn’t discuss our PMLs. And they will go up slightly, but as a percentage of capital they’re not expected to move at all.
Dom Addesso: And going into next year, we would expect that to increase, because of not only growth objectives and the hiring of some underwriters and marketing teams, and the elimination of the quota share, that’s likely to grow by $100 million, at least.
Dom Addesso: Yeah, the runoff for the program business is not going to have any major impact. But yeah, we will have growth in our excess casualty book, the initiatives that we started, environmental book of business that we have announced. The nonstandard auto was already mentioned. We’ve started up a new specialty unit that will grow – will have a modest amount of new premium maybe $20 million in 2012, but that could rapidly grow from there in the years beyond and as well as, as I mentioned, expansion of the Canadian platform. So, we’ve got a number of oars in the water all over the place in for the insurance space. And as the California DIC will be growing our professional liability book as well, and then of course the double-digit rate increases for workers comp. So, it’s – we’re quite enthusiastic about that space right now.
Dom Addesso: Well, some of the pricing that I referenced particularly in the insurance space and in cat, general casualty rate increases as it affects our treaty books. And then of course continued push towards write more excess-of-loss business spread our cat aggregate laterally if you will. And that will have – should have a furthering impact – positive impact on the attritional loss ratio.
Dom Addesso: That number was approximately what we project as what we call our average annual loss. And that does...
Dom Addesso: I don’t know that there is an average angle. But over the long-term that would be considered a theoretical average year.
Joe Taranto: Well, I’ll start with that Josh. Clearly, we see more alternate capacity coming into the marketplace; some of it is sidecar, some of its pension fund and other ways. And we intend to participate in that market and frankly we intend to make some fees on that market. In the beginning, the fee part of our book is going to be quite small compared to the risk taking part that we’re currently on. But at the end of the day, given our ratings and our offices around the world, our people, the fact that we know clients for many, many years, we see a lot more business especially on the cat side than we can accommodate or want to accommodate given the fact that we want to keep PMLs to a certain degree. So we have a tremendous opportunity to write a lot more business share it with some partners and make fees in the process. Yes, that kind of brings more capacity into the marketplace especially as others do it as well. And it may make more competition, although there’s always competition. And we still think all the money that’s coming in and any of the money that we bring in will only want to come in from profitable business, and so we think it will be a good model. In terms of ultimately what – how much will be fee and how much will be risk taking, that remains to be seen but clearly for now it’s going to be mostly – most of our earning is going to be on the risk-taking side.
Joe Taranto: No, we’re not looking to take away from anything that we would want to keep for ourselves. That really is the design. Now we’ll try to put ourselves in the same position with our new partners, so they feel as if it’s really a equal trading. But we are not looking to give away $1 worth of business that we would normally write for ourselves.
Joe Taranto: I don’t see that Josh. We really kind of measure our appetite quite keenly nowadays and would continue to do so. And I think again given the opportunities, we’ll be able to fill our plate with everything that we want. And then have more that we can share with others on a fee basis.
Joe Taranto: Well, I think we start with what are the opportunities that we see and we certainly see plenty of that including some new opportunities on the business side. As Dom noted, we certainly want to be prepared for future opportunities that arise if the world changes and it has a habit of doing that. But at the same time, we look at our stock, where it’s trading, the current portfolio, the people, the future. And we feel very good about buying back a whole lot more stock. Now, we were kind of prevented from doing that in 2012. We took ourselves out of the market for hurricane season. We’re keen to get back into the market in the fourth quarter and then Sandy happened. And we did not want to get back into the market until we put out an estimate on Sandy, which took us late into December. So, we bought some after that and a bit early January. But as I noted, we’re keen as soon as the open window comes to get back into the market and buy some more. So, we are going to foster earnings and ROE in multiple ways, some of it in business, some of it in new business, some of it stock buyback.
Joe Taranto: No, I wouldn’t put it that way. We bought back about 25% of our stock in recent years. We bought back close to $300 million in 2012 and would have bought back a bunch more if it wasn’t for Sandy. So, no, I think it’s still important in the sense that we think it’s a great opportunity for us to buy. And we don’t think it’s going to last forever quite honestly, so we’re keen to do a fair amount now. But there are opportunities out there; both in the existing business and new business, and again what else may come about. So, it’s always a bit of a juggling act, but we’re happy that we’ve both levers to press to increase the ROE for next year. And I would not say that it’s of less importance.
Joe Taranto: Well, that’s a business we’re already in. We have a small company that operates out of Georgia. We’re looking to be able to add to that and add to the margins by the construction that Dom took you through. And frankly it’s just an add-on and that requires very little capital quite honestly and we believe it will increase profits. We like the proposed business plan, but in the scheme of capital usage, it’s really quite small.
Joe Taranto: Yeah, I would say yes with the good crop year. Comp continues to trend very nicely. We continue to get very sizeable rate increases and that continued into January and Dom touched on all the other areas which we really feel quite good about as well. So the answer is yes.
Joe Taranto: Well, you get into where you can invest it and where you can use it against the business. And we can get into what’s the timing as to when you want to use it, if you don’t buy back on Monday, you can always buy back on Tuesday so it’s not like the opportunity necessarily goes away. But I’ll say that the levels that we’ve been trading at really are pushing us to do more sooner as opposed to later. But frankly we don’t believe it’ll stay at these levels. But having bought back 25% is a good chunk to begin with. And again the fact that we bought back $300 million, we’re looking to buyback more and kind of telling as soon as we can we’re going to jump into the market, tells you that that’s certainly part of what we plan to do as well.
Joe Taranto: Well, we think this will be some very good opportunities there. Certainly, the market at the insurance level continues to get healthier with rate increases, so it will be a bigger pie. There’s still an awful lot of companies down there that are very much in need of reinsurance. You saw what Citizens did last year. So I think it’s a big pie, it’s an explosive pie and the people are somewhat cautious as to how they fill up. It tends to be everyone’s number one zone in terms of PML. It is for us. So I think it’ll continue to be some very good opportunities down there for companies like ourselves in June.
Joe Taranto: Yeah, it’s not a sidecar that we’re putting together and that’s in the sense that sidecars tend to be operations that are put together for one and two years and then they’re kind of designed to go away. We’re putting something together that would be in place permanently. But Florida is exactly the kind of opportunity where we’re going to have a PML that we don’t want to exceed and we’re going to have a ton of business beyond that that we could write if we wanted to.
Joe Taranto: It’s in that space. It’s probably about 10% of the book. Soybean and corn is bigger, but it’s in that space and so yes, that is started. And it’s early days, but looks fine so far.
Joe Taranto: We’re not going to get into what others do. We don’t know what they do, and we’re not here to comment on that.
Joe Taranto: Let me chime in. I was about to say we had a great CFO by the name of Dom Addesso who started this process, did an excellent job in making out process more robust.
Joe Taranto: Yes, I think that’s correct. We do not put that into any thoughts that we give you with regard to the targets we’re shooting for.
Craig Howie: Primarily related to crops, in other words contingent commissions that would have had to be paid out given that a poor crop year took place were taken down in the quarter.
Craig Howie: Greg, this is Craig. I don’t know. We’ve completed our annual loss reserve studies and we’re comfortable with our overall position that we remain adequate. You know we posted our global cost development triangles for the past couple of years, and they also appear adequate. I’m comfortable with this position and I’m also comfortable with respect to the practices and the procedures that we’ve put into place to come up with such a good reserve position. I think this company produces good results without those releases in place. I think one of the things that I like also is the fact that we’re – we take our time to react to favorable development. Some of these redundancies that you’ve seen have developed over time, but we don’t want to react until that position becomes more mature. So, we continue to hold the more recent years and we expect to do the same going forward as well.
Craig Howie: Well, Greg, that’s a good question. I think the reserve practices did change a few years back to create this position that we’re in today. I think the practices that we’ve put into place by meeting on a quarterly basis, and setting up these estimates on a quarterly basis, it’s difficult to estimate what these numbers should be to begin with. But the practice that we put into place is pretty conservative. We look at prior year losses, look at the prior loss review, and then we compare and put loss trend on top of that. And then we also take note of any rate increases or decreases in the marketplace at the same time. But what that does is gives us appropriate data to look and set of our reserve position at given point in time. But that same process has been taking place for the last three years.
