Mark Kociancic: Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone. Everest had very attractive results for the first quarter of 2021, with strong overall profitability, continued improving underlying margins, robust growth and an excellent investment results. I will touch on these points over the next few minutes. For the first quarter of 2021, Everest reported a net income of $342 million, resulting in an annualized return on equity of 15%. We also reported operating income of $260 million for Q1 and operating earnings per share of $6.49. Starting with underwriting income, Everest had positive contributions from both Reinsurance and Insurance with $45.2 million of underwriting income. This reflects the improved underlying attritional loss and expense ratios, offset by the impact of catastrophe losses. The catastrophe losses of $260 million of pretax and net of Reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, with $213 million in the Reinsurance segment and $47 million in the Insurance segment. Vast majority of $250 million is coming from the U.S. winter storms with the balance from the floods in New South Wales, Australia. Also worth noting is that we have not added to our COVID-19 loss provision, which remains at $511 million, with approximately 80% of our pandemic loss estimate remaining as IBNR. First quarter results continue to reflect the impact of our underwriting and portfolio management initiatives. Our underlying attritional loss and combined ratios are strong and continue to improve, excluding the catastrophe losses, reinstatement premiums, prior year development and COVID 19 pandemic impact, the attritional loss ratio was 60.7% in Q1, compared to 61.4% in the first quarter of 2020. The attritional combined ratio was 87.3% for the first quarter of 2021, compared to 89.8% for the first quarter last year, representing a 2.5 percentage point improvement. For Insurance, the attritional loss ratio improved from 65.7% in the first quarter of 2020 to 64.3% this quarter. And the attritional combined ratio for Insurance improved to 92.2%, compared to 94.9% in the first quarter of 2020. Our U.S. Insurance business, which makes up the majority of our overall Insurance business, continues to run very well, with an attritional combined ratio in the high 80s. For Reinsurance, the first quarter 2021 attritional loss ratio was 59.5%, down from 59.8% a year ago. The attritional combined ratio on the same basis was 85.5%, down from 87.8%. The Group commission ratio of 20.5% for the first quarter of 2021, was down a 150 basis points from 22% reported last year in Q1, largely due to changes in the composition of our business mix plus higher ceding commissions received in the Insurance segment. The Group expense ratio remains low at 5.9% for the first quarter of 2021 versus 6.3% a year ago. The expense ratio continues to benefit from our continued focus on expense management, cost economies of scale as our premium base continues to grow. First quarter investment income had an excellent result of $260 million, as compared to a $148 million for the first quarter 2020. Alternative investments recorded a quarterly record $120 million of income in the first quarter, largely due to increases in the net asset values from our portfolio of diversified private equity investments, reflecting the strong economy and financial markets. As a reminder, we report our limited partnership income one quarter in arrears. Invested assets grew approximately 2% to $25.9 billion during the quarter, up from $25.5 billion at year end 2020. Approximately 80% of our invested assets are comprised of a well-diversified, high credit quality bond portfolio with a duration of 3.5 years. The remaining investments are allocated to equities and other invested assets, which include private equity investments, cash and short-term investments. Our effective tax rate on operating income for the first quarter of 2021 was 7.9% and 8.4% on net income. This was favorable versus our planned effective tax rate of approximately 12%, largely due to the geographic distribution of the catastrophe losses occurring within the United States. For the first quarter of 2021, Everest generated strong operating cash flows of $904 million, compared to $506 million for the first quarter of 2020, reflecting the strength of our premium growth year-over-year. Our balance sheet remains strong with a capital structure that allows for the efficient deployment of capital and ample capacity to execute on market opportunities. Shareholders’ equity was $9.7 billion at the end of the first quarter and broadly flat versus the $9.7 billion at year end 2020. Our debt leverage ratio stands at 16.5% and book value per share stood at $241.57 at quarter end. I close in noting that Everest repurchased approximately $24 million of common shares during the first quarter. And with that, I will now turn it back to Jon.
Mark Kociancic: Yeah. I would echo that, Elyse. I think that expense run rate is going to be hovering around that 6 points. You might see some quarterly volatility. But in general, that’s roughly the area I would expect it to go. There could be awaiting differential depending on the growth rate of Insurance, which comes with a higher general expense operating rate versus the Reinsurance Division. And then the other piece that I would just highlight is we are having a fairly strong net earned premium growth as we develop both franchises even more. So, these are things we are all keeping an eye on. So we wouldn’t get caught up in quarterly volatility, but that run rate of 6 is a pretty good bogey.
Mark Kociancic: Yeah. It’s -- Mike, it’s Mark speaking. So first of all, the -- we still have ample room to deploy the capital. It’s not fully deployed. But there is no constraints in terms of our growth expectations this year our ambitions on both the underwriting side and on the investment side. So I’d say, we are just looking for the best opportunities in the execution of our plan and capital is not a constraint either in the execution of the business or on the capital management side in terms of buybacks or dividends.
Mark Kociancic: Yeah. I will just build off that a little bit because I think Juan captured it. I think for this quarter you are seeing a slight elevation just in terms of the volatility. I know there was very strong earned premium growth in Reinsurance, so perhaps it could have been less than 2.9. But there is nothing fundamental in there, you will still see this -- we should be coming in less than 3 for the year.
Mark Kociancic: It’s premature to say how that’s going to play out for us. Right now I don’t think it’s what we see on the table from the administration or at least public dialog is not good for the in general. But I don’t think it will have a material impact on us in terms of the way we are organized. So I would expect it to be marginal if something like that is implemented in the fall.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Thanks, Elyse. And this is Juan and good morning also. I think there’s a couple of things to keep in mind. Number one is, we had strong results across the Board. As I said in my prepared remarks, it’s a 2.5 point improvement in the combined ratio year-over-year. When you look specifically at the Insurance Division, that’s a 2.7 improvement that you are seeing there as well. But frankly is led by the loss ratio with 1.4 improvements in the attritional loss ratio. Now the mechanics of that improvement, I think, it’s along the lines of what we discussed in prior quarters. So, certainly, we are seeing very good rate. We saw as I mentioned 16% rate increases in the Insurance book in the first quarter and that continues to do quite well. As a matter of fact to put it in perspective that 16% is 2 times the rate that we achieved in all of 2019. So rate is part of that. But the bigger part of all of this is really the myriad of actions that we are taking on the underwriting side. As I mentioned previously, to continue to position our book of business both on the Insurance side and the Reinsurance side to have sustained profitability over the long term. And it’s important to keep in mind, one thing, right, we are deliberately shifting the portfolios toward segments that have better overall economics. In addition to all the underwriting actions that we are taking and that I have mentioned in the past and in my script to continue to improve sustained profitability. Now when it comes to loss picks, I think, it’s also important to keep in mind that we continue to hold the line on loss picks. We have clear indications that underlying profitability is continuing to improve, some of that you saw in this quarter’s results and some of that will need to be proven over time as the accident years continue to mature. So I think that’s probably the best guidance that I can give you on that. And with that, let me ask also one of my colleagues Jim Williamson to jump into this question as well.
Juan Andrade: Sure. Thanks, Elyse. I think it’s important. I think as you were describing just now to decompose the parts of the expense ratio. I think if we look at the operating expense ratio that 5.9. I think that 5.96, et cetera, it’s going to be pretty consistent for us. One of the things that you know about Everest and our company, it’s our disciplined expense management, whether it’s COVID or no COVID. The reality is we are pretty focused on being efficient. So I would expect that the operating expense ratio would be relatively consistent with those numbers that you have been seeing. The commission ratio is going to fluctuate based on the type of business that we are writing in any given quarter, right? And so, for instance, if you are writing on the primary Insurance business, lines that are growing faster but you are getting better seeds because of our Reinsurance structure that obviously will have an impact. On the Reinsurance side, obviously, the business mix that we write at the 1.1 renewals will also have an impact on that. But let me ask Mark Kociancic to weigh on that as well.
Juan Andrade: Great. Phil, thank you for that. Let me start with the topline growth question and then we will come back to the margin expansion point that you had. As I mentioned in my commentary and the script, one of the things that we are starting to see is a slow and steady return of exposure growth. It is starting to get near pre-pandemic levels. And I think that’s something that, as well as the economic recovery is consistent, you are going to continue to see probably for the back half of the year. So I think that obviously bodes well for the Insurance industry as we are creatures of an economy and as there is more to ensure if more opportunity for growth. So I think again in the back half of the year, if exposure growth continues, you are going to see improvement in that. With regard to rate adequacy, et cetera, we have been seeing rate exceeding our expectations for loss cost trend now for a number of quarters, and obviously, it’s going to vary by line of business. But you are starting to see where the majority of your lines of business are rate adequate at this point in time. Now that being said, it’s important also keep in mind the starting, particularly for some of the longer tail lines, such as general liability, excess and maybe some of the D&O lines, where they may be needed more rates as an industry over time and we are starting to catch up and we are starting to get there. Now what you see in our numbers, frankly, is that, we have that steady improvement of underlying profitability continue to improve. As I have just mentioned to Elyse a few minutes ago, we are holding the line on our loss picks. We expect that over time we will be bringing that to the bottomline. But all of that bodes very well for expected margin growth over time. But let me also ask Jim Williamson to weigh in on this question.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Phil. Let me start and then I will ask Mike Karmilowicz to jump in on this call. Look, the first thing I would say is, we like workers’ compensation and we are experts at it at Everest. But we are also disciplined underwriters. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we see better pricing opportunities in other lines of business right now, property, D&O, specialty casualty. Those kinds of things. As I also mentioned, we are still writing comp. We are just changing the type of comp that we are writing going forward. Where we see less attractive pricing right now is in the monoline workers’ compensation space. So as a result of that, we have really shifted more toward loss rateable, loss sensitive business at that point. But as I also mentioned in my remarks, we are very much looking for the opportunities as the economy begins to heal and as things begin to improve. We will see an improvement in exposures also in the workers’ compensation line for us and when we see the opportunity and the pricing improving, firms improving, exposures beginning to grow, you will see us start to deploy more capital into workers’ compensation as well. But, look, this is how we are managing this company proactively, presumptively to focus on lines with better rate adequacy, with better opportunities for growth and with better margin. But, again, we like comp, we are just taking a pause on it right now from the perspective of monoline until we see conditions begin to improve. But with that, let me ask Mike Karm to jump in.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Thanks for the question. I would start with saying, look, the appropriate comparison is more of a year-over-year comparison than the sequential comparison and that’s going to be driven more by mix of business than anything else. So I think that’s an important point. The second point that I would make is, look, we feel pretty good about the business that we are writing today, about the rate adequacy on that business and about the margin that we are building. My comments about holding the line on loss picks are really pretty straightforward. It’s the fact and I have been pretty consistent in this messaging over the last number of quarters. In this business you got to wait for things to season out over time and so in the meantime, it’s not just about rate, it’s about all those actions that we are taking on the underwriting side, portfolio management, limit management, attachment points, et cetera, to continue to improve the profitability in the quality of your book and that is what you are seeing. Those are the numbers that are being reflected not only in this quarter but in the last several quarters as well. And so going forward, we do believe we are building expected margin in those lines. And as we start getting more certainty on the fact that rate has indeed exceeded our trend expectations that margin will start coming through the bottom line basically.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Mike and what I would build on Mark’s answer is, remember what we said back in October when we did the debt raise, it was purely opportunistic, right? We have plenty of capital to be able to deploy. And so, as Mark said, and I will affirm that, we are seeing great opportunities in this market. You are seeing the continued momentum on the topline in both Reinsurance and Insurance, and we feel pretty good about the capital backing all of that.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. Yaron, happy to give you a perspective and then I will invite Jim Williamson to jump in as well. Look, starting with Everest, and as I mentioned to Elyse earlier in the call, 16% is very good. It continued significant momentum on the rate side of things. Business mix certainly will influence that, the type of business that you write in a particular quarter. For instance, in this case, if it’s more heavily weighted toward a property a short line type exposure, that carries a certain rate, that’s certainly going to impact the mix. Now, if I elevate the answer to your question and basically then talk more about the industry and look across companies, I think, again, business mix plays a part of that. I think execution place part of that, right? I think one of the most important things about our primary Insurance business and I talk about it often, I am very proud of them is how well they execute in the market. So I would say business mix is part of that, execution is part of that, portfolio management and how you look at risk is certainly part of that, and ultimately, risk selection which is a component of that. I think those are all the things that essentially go into play. But look, speaking from our perspective about Everest, we expect continued momentum and strong renewal rate growth throughout 2021.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. That’s a great question. I think you are getting into psychology now, Meyer, not the Insurance, Reinsurance economics. But, look, I think from my perspective, there is a number of things that might be slightly different, right? If you look at the underlying conditions that drove the need for rate, right? So a number of years of soft pricing, inadequate pricing, inadequate rates, et cetera, that finally began to turn as you had the impact of the catastrophes in 2017,2018,2019, as you had the impact of social inflation coming through. Now you have the impact of the COVID pandemic and the correlated impact on both the asset and the liability sides of the business. So all of these things are at play, right? And I think, what you found is that, people have achieved some level of discipline and you are hearing it from us certainly, you have certainly heard it from our peers, particularly on the Reinsurance side that they have all approached to 1-1 renewals with a level of discipline. Frankly from some of our competitors that maybe we haven’t seen that level of discipline in the past. So I am an optimist and I think that some of that will continue as we go forward. There’s also been capital that’s coming in into the market, into the industry. But that capital has only been impacting on the margins and nibbling on the edges, so it has not been a significant amount of capital. So look, I think you still have some of the underlying factors to drove the need for rate. Rates are getting more adequate, as I mentioned earlier. But again, there’s still environmental issues that we all need to keep an eye on, particularly the more disciplined companies like Everest I think will be very focused on that going forward.
Juan Andrade: Yeah. So let me start and then I will ask Mike Karmilowicz to jump in. I think a big driver of that, Brian, was really the business that we wrote in the quarter and how that business then fits into the Reinsurance structure that we have in place. So I think that’s part of that. I think the other part of that is that our reinsurers for the primary business are seeing and have seen the quality of the portfolio and the quality of the book that we have put together and so because of that, we are able to get slightly higher seed commissions on that business. But let me turn it over to Mike and he can add some additional color and context.
Juan Andrade: Great. Thank you. Everest is well-positioned for this market and for the opportunities we have seen and improving economy. Despite the material, social and economic impact of the COVID pandemic, we continue to grow unimpeded, recruiting top talent and delivering value to our stakeholders. We have leading financial strength, a preferred market presence and a diversified global platform. We are nimble. We have deep distribution relationships, great people and a great culture. I am very excited by the opportunity ahead of us and I believe we are well-positioned to excel. Thank you for your time with us this quarter and for your continued support in the company. We will talk to you after the second quarter. Thank you.
Jim Williamson: Yeah. Good morning, Elyse. The only thing I would add and I think it’s important both in Insurance and Reinsurance, and I suspect it’s on the minds of everyone on the call today is, just this question of the loss trend and we talked about rate achievement exceeding the loss trend. But we have also talked over the last few years about the fact that the trend line has been accelerating in terms of whether it’s social inflation, inflation in building cost in terms of repair after natural disasters and things of that nature. And so that does two things, one, it will certainly consume a little bit more of the rate increases and we want to be prudent about that, that’s I would say a smaller effect. The larger effect though is the degree that, that places uncertainty around what the ultimate trend line will turn out to be, which is why we are going to take a very conservative position around making sure that we have proven out our trend selections over time, which would ultimately allow us to be looking on these accident years more favorably, but it’s going to take time for that to fully mature.
Jim Williamson: Yeah. Phil, the only thing I would add. I think, Juan covered it really well, is just the idea that when you -- we are very disciplined underwriters. And so when you see us moving our topline the way that we have in the last several quarters, I think that’s a very clear indication to you that we feel great about the trades we are making, both in Insurance and Reinsurance. I mean, we would not be putting up that type of growth if we didn’t feel very good about adequacy levels and that’s probably the best indication that we can give you.
Jim Williamson: Yeah. Not a lot to add, Yaron. Other than to say, when you start looking across companies, just to give you a sense of how we think about it within our own portfolio. I mean, obviously, we are well aware of the topline number for our Insurance Division, for example. But we really do look at it a much more granular level because of all the reasons that Juan sighted. And at the end of the day, we have got underwriters they have -- they are approaching the market in a very disciplined fashion. But they are selecting one deal at a time. They are focused on making sure they underwrite the deal appropriately that they attach the right terms and conditions to drive the total margin outcome and so it’s really only a debt level that the numbers are truly meaningful. So I would just be -- I’d just be careful about reading too much into the fact that there is variation across firms.
