Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first, concerts. As Michael indicated, fan attendance grew 5% to 98 million fans, demonstrating the strength of our global portfolio and with this demand growth highlighting the strong fundamentals underlying our business.Geographically, international had a strong year with growth in stadiums, festivals and theaters & clubs, driving 11% fan growth. Theaters & clubs globally led fan growth for the year with 20% growth to nearly 30 million fans. Festivals also had a strong year, with seven new festivals, including Rock in Rio helping deliver 13% fan growth globally.Our fan attendance is up from 47 million in 2010, closing out for decade by more than doubling our fan base, the key milestone that demonstrates the consistent and resilient growth at the core of our flywheel, creating significant scale over time.Looking specifically at the fourth quarter, while attendance and show count were up, our AOI was lower, heavily driven by an increase in advertising expense related to 2020 shows, an increased fixed expenses associated with continuing to build our flywheel and operate more venues. Without this higher than projected advertising expense from putting more 2020 shows on sale in 2019, concerts AOI for the year would have been up double digits.Moving on to sponsorship. In 2019, we again delivered double-digit AOI growth, up 16% for the year. International drill over 70% of this growth, with the addition of Rock in Rio helping drive both international and festival sponsorship growth.For the fourth quarter, revenue was up 25% and AOI was up 26%, with growth helped by the second weekend of Rock in Rio Brazil. Our pipeline for 2020 is in good shape, demonstrating the strength of our concerts, flywheel and driving all parts of the business, and we expect to continue growing our sponsorship AOI, despite not having Rock in Rio Brazil this year.Finally, Ticketmaster. Global GTV was flat in the quarter, matching 2018’s record fourth quarter, while fee-bearing GTV was down 2%. North America fee-bearing GTV was flat for the quarter, while international was down 8%, reflecting the geographic shift in 2020 stadiums versus last year. This volume was up relative to our expectations for the quarter, reflecting both the timing shift and an even stronger 2020 pipeline of concerts than was previously projected.For the fourth quarter, Ticketmaster AOI was up 23%, due to a 9% increase in secondary GTV, reduced customer acquisition costs and the benefit from competing against last year’s costs related to a third-party data bridge. These same factors then drove our margin improvement for the quarter.Looking at 2020, we expect the strong concert slate will drive Ticketmaster’s GTV, including the strong Q1, when we will have most of our stadium and arena on sales. A few more points. The coronavirus has had a lot of press lately, so I wanted to give some context for us.First, as it relates to China and Asia shows generally, show cancellations have been minimal, given our activity levels in China, with 17 shows totaling approximately 75,000 fans. Looking over the next three months, our Asia activity is limited with 70 shows and 200,000 fans in the region.Second, as it relates to Italy, we have 30 shows booked over the next three months, with approximately 125,000 fans. Collectively, this accounts for less than one half of 1% of our 100 million-plus fans we expect to attend our shows this year.More broadly, while we expect that there will be further areas of breakout over the next few months, one of our strengths is that we are highly diversified geographically. Thus far, we have seen no pullback in fan demand or ticket buying outside of this specifically affected areas and overall, our attendance is weighted towards the latter part of this year, with our 70% of our attendance expected from June through the end of the year.Finally, on the OCESA acquisition, we continue to make progress working with the regulators in Mexico on their review. And at this point, we expect the acquisition to close sometime in the second quarter.With that, I will turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Sure, Brandon, this is Joe. I’ll get started and Michael can jump in. I think the first thing just to put in the right context is your latter point, anything that is being talked about is generally being talked about just in terms of timing, it’s not being talked about not doing the shows, as we’ve long discussed, artists see the touring is the fundamental part of what they do and how they earn their living.So there, we’re not talking any artists. They’re saying they don’t want to be touring. It’s all exactly where can I go when? So it’s just talking about timing. Absolutely, as we look at very specific hotspot, there is certainly flexibility to reroute as need be or to have them come back and hit that area later, as opposed to when was previously planned.In general, we pay the artist when the show occurs. There’s generally force majeure clauses. If for some reason a show were to be canceled, we wouldn’t have to pay the artist. But, again, we think that that’s going to be pretty limited, where we don’t have some ability to either reroute or reschedule.
Joe Berchtold: Sure, Ben. As you said, we haven’t tried to give you full-year guidance for a couple of reasons. We don’t generally try to do that in February, it’s a bit early. And secondly, with the uncertainty on the specific timing on the OCESA close, it makes it just harder to give you what the overall year looks like.But we absolutely are taking a lot of confidence based on being so far up in terms of the 30% on the show count. The 10% up on the fans. I think both of those are exactly leading indicators. They’re not projections of where we’re going to end up. But I think, they’re strong indicators that we’ll have pretty good growth this year.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think that our total festival business would be in that low double-digit portion of our total fan base. And I think our largest single festival would probably be roughly half of a percent of our fan base. So we’re across 100 and change festivals. It’s very diversified geographically, diversified time-wise over multiple continents.So if there were to be a situation still, as we get into July and August, and you assume it’s located geographically. I would not expect that to be a broad impact in terms of our fan count.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, theaters & clubs. That’s – I think we called out specifically that volume and the growth in my portion on the number of theaters & clubs in the attendance there. So that is what drove most of it in Q4.
Michael Rapino: And Brandon, a little color on the cancel and the cost. So there will be no cost. We don’t pay an artist until they play. If an artist says, if we cancel a show next month in Milan, we don’t pay the artist. There’s no cost incurred. And when the artist replace that show, then we pay the artist.So these ones are actually the easier ones to manage. I mean, the ones that you always have the more challenges when the festival gets canceled on the Saturday afternoon when 60,000 people are sitting there. That’s when you have a – some marketing and some sunk costs, where it may affect you.When you have a month, two month, anytime you cancel in advance, there’s actually no cost incurred yet, the artist isn’t at the show, the people aren’t in the venue, you haven’t paid the cost. So this is – the easiest economic challenge for us is to reroute and reschedule a show no cost to us.As Joe said, the good news is on a supply demand, the show is not going away, it’s just moving to a different quarter. The artist will tour whether they have to jump off this quarter and go in the fall, or 2021, we won’t net lose the business.And the other demand part that we’re just really impressed with, because we always talk about the resilience of the concert fan is, as of last night, we had a sellout in Australia on a festival that went up. The business is real strong. The consumer still seems to be buying the tickets on a global basis.So supply demand will be there. We’re going to take this cautiously as we watch the markets and we assume a hotspot will flare up and a show will be canceled here and there. But we’re confident, long-term, the show will happen. The revenue will flow and the fan will show up.On a macro – on a micro 2020, as I think Joe mentioned, most of our business doesn’t start till the middle of June onwards. So the next few months, we’ll have some cancellations, I assume, here and there in some arenas and clubs, but the heart of our business happens this summer. And we’re optimistic we hope that it can be handled in the summer months bring us some relief and we’ll business as usual. But right now, we’re being cautious looking at all markets, doing the right thing for the artist. We’re playing along with the great demand of this industry.
Michael Rapino: I’ll do sponsorship and then I’ll – now sponsorship with most of our – we always talk in our reports about our annual global strategic partners. So most of our contracts are over one to three years, they’re longer-term. They’re not very – the ones that matter are over multiple events, most – mostly multiple markets.So we don’t have the beautiful part of our business, which is dispersed over 30,000 shows is we don’t have one weekend, one show, one event, that’s the $20 million big event. It’s really dispersed across the globe, across different venues and genres, which is the parts that makes us a bit risk adverse.So we see no sponsorship risk at all. If a show canceled, the sponsor would get the show later. We’ll make up for the show. Again, going back to our first point, as long as we’re going to deliver a net over the next two years, the same amount of shows, the growth, the tickets that we’ve kind of delivered for that sponsorship commitment, then, we’ll see no pullback at all in the long-term sponsor.
Michael Rapino: Yes. We’ll talk about the – yes, we’re headed for a record 2020. Business is strong, and Joe will give you – what he can on how will even model that.
Michael Rapino: So let me take the first one on OCESA. I think, when we started this several months ago, one of the things that we thought was that, because OCESA just gone through some reviews by the same government entity that they were very familiar with the business and it would be a fairly quick process.As it ended up, this transaction got put with a different team in a different department. So we had to start a little bit more at the basics in terms of the industry. So we weren’t able to shortcut it as much as we thought. There’s nothing that at this point based on most recent discussions to give us great concern, just taking a bit longer.In terms of the transaction, look, our view is simply that we focus on building a great business at Ticketmaster and throughout all of our different pieces. It’s up to you guys in the market, specifically, value them. We’re building this for long-term value for our shareholders up and down the flywheel and we expect it will be successful in doing that.
Michael Rapino: You’re well prepared. We’re in – Asia is less than 0.01% or nothing of our business right now. So it’s not a strong business for us currently. I think I would have said on – in liberty that on a global basis, we have a lot of opportunity left international and we look at – we look all across the world from Latin America to South Africa to Asia.We think all those markets in India and et cetera are going to be long-term great markets for us that are – where we have low market share and are starting to put some shows. So we – were happy we’ve got a flag in the ground in and Singapore and Taiwan, small little businesses helped to get more flags in the ground over time.And we think in three to five years from now, we hope the Asian business is a big contributor to our overall business, as well as Latin America. But those are emerging markets still very new. Lots of upside, but not to date don’t actually contribute much to the bottom line.
