Michael Rapino: Yes. I mean overall we look at our sponsorship in two categories as the onsite business where you are selling sponsorship whether it’s locally, regionally or nationally across your portfolio across the globe. We’ve shown that has been growing year-over-year for the last three years at 10% plus. We think we still have a lot of the runway on a global basis on the onsite business one, because we continually are just growing our fan base so when we grow 10% and 15% across your fan base you have more fans to sell sponsorship to and we also believe that we still have underutilized assets and believe for the next few years we see no reason why traditional onsite sponsorship will continue to grow at double-digits whether we’re upgrading low level sponsors to higher deals, finding new categories or selling across a broader portfolio. And the second piece of this has been the real growth engine behind our overall advertising business is the digital which as we said grew over 26% and we’re just at the start of that runway. We have no mobile advertising right now but with over 900 million visits to our platform we think we’re making great strides, but believe that’s again a double-digit plus-plus growth business for us for the next few years. So we think both of them have lots of inventory unsold, lots of portfolio opportunities to grow at double-digits.
Michael Rapino: Yes, we have it’s very, and we have a lot of local deals, a lot of regional, a lots of national deals the larger the deal those tend to be a three to five year deal. The smaller deals are kind of maybe year-by-year or two years that is easily replaced. So three to five is kind of the number on the deals that matter on the top-end and historically we’ve had a very high renewal rate across our 750 sponsors.
Michael Rapino: We think it’s related to your marketing story. We’re happy our marketing is effective. We do believe in general as we’ve been saying over the last two years that this industry has been a fairly unsophisticated marketing industry in general, print ads and radio spots in a market like Los Angeles don’t tend to be sharpen up to reach the real fan. So I think over the last two years as we’ve used our data and kind of been able to analytically go from basically zero to almost 40%-50% of our budgets now are being spent in some direct marketing social online direction. We think we’ve been able to find a much more effective means to target those consumers and we think it is a big reason that has been driving our per show attendance increase. So we think we have a long runway ahead as we get better and better at our digital ad server and buying across our platform and finding that exact U2 fan and sending in that message early versus the traditional shotgun approach of the past. So we think it’s a big factor we’ve outlined for the last couple of years social media database, mobile connected world and we can find those consumers, thanks to our huge database to purchase intents and purchase history will drive more effective marketing.
Michael Rapino: As we stated in our Q3 and now in our Q4, in 2013 every segment of venues portfolio performed exceptionally well, whether it was small theaters and clubs who had more shows, more young artists, whether it was arenas or amphitheaters or this year even stadiums, which look to be robust again in 2014. And obviously festivals have been on a growth chair on a global basis. So the goodness is from top to bottom activity, more bands, more consumers showing up to the venue has kind of been growth consistent in both international and North America markets.
Michael Rapino: We did roll it out. Last August we launched the TM resale business. As we said today, we had over 1000 concerts in the last four or five months on the TM resale page, that Ticketmaster. And we had three quarters of the -- NBA, NHL, and NFL teams were all official partners with Ticketmaster resale on through the entire season. So we’ve made great progress in selling throughout all the portfolios of sports and concerts and I’m looking through getting most of our clients to adopt and activate the product.
Michael Rapino: Now just we’ve always been in that business. It's a leader in Dublin Ireland. Our margin business for us, we were a partner but had some financial issues. So we took over the remaining equity in the venue to ensure and solidify our position in Dublin.
Michael Rapino: I see. Yes, as you look at the way we -- if you look at history and how expanded many years ago, we were a very U.S. centric business and today in 33 countries we’re a global business. So our strategy tends to be, to open up a retail market, you need some scale in that region. So if you look originally in Europe you start in London or Holland and you try to figure out those nine or 10 markets in the area and that’s when the synergy and efficiency comes to life, because then you can buy a tour and you have all of the western Europe and the zone filled out. And you can drive you content through there, you can start employing sponsorship and ticketing. So Eastern and Western Europe are fairly filled out. Always some bolt-ons we'll look for to keep that market strong. And where we’ve been focusing the last year is you’ve seen us slowly one-by-one -- ad markets in the Pacific Rim and Asia to start filling out that zone. You obviously let everyone else know that there is a lot of young demographics in Asia dying to see Rihanna. So we’ve been expanding over those markets. You will continue to see us over the next two to three years add full time offices in Asia. We’ve already been in China for years. We’ve been in South Korea and Hong Kong. We recently looked at Thailand and et cetera, So you’ll build on our Asian Pacific rim. When that becomes a real zone we can synergize our tours, sponsorship and then ticketing. And you’ll see us continue looking at Latin America. Like most of the world we were a excited a couple of years ago; have stepped back to find the right partner and the right economics down there. But you’ll see continue to look as our deal [indiscernible] 30:32 comes up over the next year you'll look for us -- we’ll look to start establishing some permanent offices in South America. And again the reason we need permanent offices is we have the global content. When we sell off global content but partnered with a local partner, it's the least effective margin for us. If we have a local office, we’ll capture in all the local benefits of bringing that U2 short of the market and from there let’s just go about our sponsorship, ticketing and onsite revenue. So Asia is where you’ll see us continue over the short term and we’ll be opportunistic in South America as certain markets and opportunities come together. In the interim you’ll see us just continuing with bolt on strategy in North America and Eastern and Western Europe where needed to supplement our core.
Michael Rapino: Yes is the answer to all of that. We have a few things going on. We’ve been building this model for a while. So it’s all about monetizing the ecosystem. There’s never one tour that makes a difference. It’s about the scale of our business. So having the largest sponsorship team and being able to continually sell against your portfolio is a big growth curve for us. Ticketmaster and launching a secondary offering and starting to really monetize some of the revenue, as we also look to re-launch and expand our bigger platform later is key to growth. We look at the concert business, going to my earlier reference, having the scale we have has also given us the luxury of having one of the greatest marketing teams and databases, which starts to make a difference when we’re selling these shows. So we do believe that we have a robust consumer base that wants to go to the show. We have an invigorated supply chain of artists coming up, filling up venues. We look at artists like Lourde and mainly new artists; a year ago we weren’t talking about but will go on and do great things this year. It’s an incredible supply of great young artists that need to get on the road. We got consumer demand and the supply. Our job is then to make sure we fill that extra thousand or two thousand tickets per show to maximize our bottom line. We saw success in that in ’13. We think in ’14 we got two great things happening. To be sitting here today, saying that we are ahead of what was a record attendance is good news. That means that the supply is out there. That means consumers are buying and it means that we’re continually grabbing more market share from our competitors. So we think we’re going to have to a ticket and show count this year that will drive year-over-year growth but every year we’re getting better and better at monetizing that per show profitability by selling a few extra tickets more effectively, by driving onsite profitability, selling more sponsorship and driving extra seats when we sell incremental tickets. So we think we’re executing on all cylinders and we have in ’14 that would appear to be some decent tailwind from a consumer spend and an artist supply.
Michael Rapino: I don’t know if I said that number in the third quarter. We can say it certainly has been continued on a rapid growth trajectory. I'm not sure that we have given out considerate numbers.
Michael Rapino: No not at all. The marketplace is a supply and demand business. Most of the tickets did end up on secondary sites, large component are the professional brokers in all those markets. We have a great relationship with them and have similar incentive programs with them. So they are a large supplier to secondary websites. We continue to work with them. And we also see us having a large relationship with the NFL, NBA, NHL and the content. So we’re unlike their Stubhub, very aligned with the content and you can see that through the NFL Exchange. And of course the component of the consumer that can’t go, the consumer that wants to sell his tickets for profit, that’s a component of the business and big part of Ticketmaster also. So we’re in the same business. Our only competitive advantage that we look at from differently than Stubhub is we're in the primary business with a lot of traffic and we know that when 27 million uniques are coming into that website, that having three months of no Beyoncé tickets didn’t make a lot of sense and the 1001 [ph] for the next three months having Beyoncé tickets available for fans adds a big level of inventory to the store shelf. And we have seen the growth. To date we expect that to continue to grow as we work with the colleagues and the brokers and others to supply the inventory on-site.
Michael Rapino: It tends to be a mix issue. We have been fairly efficient with the North American amps on-site business. So we obviously like to see it grow year-over-year. We don’t have high expectations. But there is a ton of room left in that business from an F&B perspective, as I said operating fairly efficiently but it is a mix. One of the realties are when you have Kid Rock dates, lots of beers sold and then when you have One Direction, a few bottles of water have sold. So, depending on the mix you may have that year, it can vary by a $1 up or down but generally we think the business, because of its country base in ‘14, will be able to deliver those numbers or better looking at the mix this year. 
Michael Rapino: Well you're not going to get me on that exact number but I would say, yes, I think we all look at the industry of digital, online and mobile growth as growing, highest of all advertising mediums. We think we've done a fabulous job. Where three years ago we weren’t even in this business, we've stepped up over the last three years a strong digital team, align that with our digital content. We've been able to grow that business substantially. We think yes it’s going to be a double-digit plus growth business for us, as we can get better at delivering ad units online, digital, mobile et cetera.
Michael Rapino: So, on the first one first, let me start with the constraints on the profitability, the concert business. Your typical deal with an artist business is they might get 80% to 90% of the door and then you've got cost to cover on top of that, it is going to be a low limited margin business inherently. So we have said that I think in the past talked about, that’s why the importance of getting that concert. The power of the flywheel then drives the on-site sponsorship, the ticketing businesses, to drive the majority of the profitability. I think in 2013 you saw a nice increase in the relative profitability of that business, largely because you had strong increases in attendance per show. So even though if you think about the artisans being a substantially variable cost against the revenue stream, lot of your other costs associated with putting on the show from the marketing to the actual night of the show are going to be more fixed against the given show, which then means more people you can drive to that show, the greater it is your profitability, the greater it is your profit margin. So do we really think there is still room for us to continue to hedge up in our profitability of the business? Yes, but it’s never going to be a high margin business. It’s never going to be something where you see a dramatic increase as we think that having a -- I broke out a lot of the specific numbers -- having very high increases in attendance per show; we saw how is I’ve listed. You can get range in terms of where that can go. In terms of the second question on our advertising shift and its impact, absolutely big focus in 2013. You can see the focus in 2014 is shifting ad spend away from traditional media to social and digital platforms. And we think that was one of the factors that helps our attendance per show and we think that there's still ways to go in what we can do there is as well as the upside of the effectiveness of doing so. It comes, a piece at a time, or two at a time, but it's certainly the trend that exists for our business.
Michael Rapino: Well, we look at everything on a global basis. So as large as we are, we still look at the globe and have lots of runway in all of the categories, with lots of runway to expand, Ticketmaster into foreign markets. We haven’t been very aggressive at it, lots of room to move Live Nation into more markets that are growing. And in our portfolio we’re very strong on European basis, have 40 or 50 festivals in Europe, and have a smaller portfolio in North America. And then when you look at Latin America, Pacific Rim et cetera. We would have no festivals there. So we’re into festival business, a big segment, market growth and we still believe we have a relatively small overall market share on a global basis. I think we have lots of room to still build those into our portfolio when growing that business.
Kathy Willard: The quarters are always going to live around a bit. So I wouldn’t look too much at that. I think I'd look at the full year and we feel it’s pretty consistent year-over-year.
Kathy Willard: And maybe on the cost structure question, it’s one of the pillars of our three year plan that we’ve laid out and it’s coming from the -- primarily the north American tickets in 2015 and that’s what we talked about, the $0.35 a ticket on those, as we roll out the new product and start to be able to take cost out of the system.
Kathy Willard: As far as AOI as a percentage of free cash flow, obviously we have shown some growth and if you take out, if you really look at year-over-year ‘13 to ‘12 and take out those tax refunds we received last year, we’re actually up a bit this year. So we’re seeing a good growth come in already. Going through the pieces, obviously AOI, we've given you some information in terms of a three year plan and whatever you are presuming is going to happen in ‘14 for AOI, cash interest expense will be down again because we put the -- we did a new refinancing in August, and we haven’t seen the full year impact of that yet. And those are probably the biggest pieces that would be changing it but I think overall it’s a scale business as we continue to grow that. Then we expect to continue to deliver positive trends there.
