Michael Rapino: Yeah. I just want to give Joe a macro level on the kind of concert supply just so we're aligned. This is going to be a great year. We're pacing ahead on our arena and our amphitheater business, which is the higher-margin business as we've talked about. So, we're going to have a fabulous year. We're going to be able to monetize that around the world. We actually look at '25, looks like it's going to be a monster stadium year again as that pipe kind of reloads itself. So, I wanted to just make sure on a macro level, we're seeing continual artist supply at record levels. And we made decisions this year, Usher could have been in stadiums. We wanted to get them in arenas this year and put a great show together. Justin Timberlake, Bad Bunny in arenas versus stadiums. So, you make those trade-offs in different years. But the good news for us is we're going to have a fabulous arena/amphitheater year, festival year around the world. That's going to drive our overall AOI margin cash flow. Probably bounce back with some bigger stadium activity in '25 and then the cycle will continue. But as we've stated over our Investor Day, we look at this as continual growth year-over-year industry for the next 10 years on a global basis. And we'll see that again this year. Sponsorship, to your macro point, the demand we're seeing, strong as ever. I just spent some time in New York with my team with some clients, Verizon, et cetera. Our demand in terms of clients that want to be part of this live experience surge right now is stronger than ever, as you can imagine. Most CMO's want to sit down with us and talk about how can they have some part of this live explosion on a global basis. So, we're seeing, as you've seen with Mastercard and updated deal with Verizon and others to be announced, our pipe is up year-over-year. We expect this to continue to be a double-digit growth business, as we've seen in the past. We've seen nothing slowing down there.
Michael Rapino: Just let me step on that. I think Brandon you've heard us talk about it at our Venue Nation Day. We think we're in this double win right now. We think we have global scale that will still continue because of international markets and more to come. But we also have an incredible amount of opportunity to monetize the scale we have. And for the first 10 years, we built scale. We just kind of ran the scale. The last couple of years since COVID, we launched our Venue Nation division and really focused hiring up and bringing in new skill sets around hospitality, best-in-class food and beverage, best-in-class VIP clubs, et cetera. We think our amphitheaters are run very well. As I say, they're run very well like Southwest Airlines. They're very efficient, and they've been great machines to-date. But we think we're seeing when we invest capital on site, we're getting 20%, 30% returns on capital when we turn that grassy area into a VIP club, a membership club. You're going to see Jones Beach this summer. When you walk up to Jones Beach this summer, at an amphitheater, you're going to call me and go, now I get it. Now I see what these -- the machines could double their AOI when you start to really treat them as arenas have been doing a much better job about how do we upscale on site, elevate the experience and take over. So, we think the 50 amphitheaters we have, the bones of them are amazing. They do incredible job. They're efficient. We think we can double the business as we start to actually look inside the hood and upgrade on site, whether it's our Liquid Death idea that has been a huge surge in our food and beverage, our shaker cup, our own custom-branded liquor that we launched on site to our new clubs, we're rolling out to our VIP boxes, to our elevated. If you look at our overall amphitheater business, about 9% of it is premium. We think that should be 30% to 35%, to give you kind of macro numbers. If you doubled that overnight, your business would double in the long run. So just take your current house, upgrade it, double your capacity on a VIP business, and your business would double. That's the simplest way to look at it.
Michael Rapino: I'll start and Joe can jump in. Just think of Platinum as it's dynamic pricing, right? It's just pricing smarter. And that's been a skill that we've been -- we have a great in-house team who wakes up every day working with artists, agents, managers on this. And it may be as simple as just figuring out how to reprice. Tuesday night in Phoenix is worth different than a Saturday night in LA. So, being a lot smarter the way you can price your inventory, price the front better so the back sells out, price, et cetera. We think if you look at -- I'll give it two kind of ways to look at it. Outside of the US, we're in the first inning. So, we're just rolling this out around the world. So that's the great growth opportunity obviously. We have it in Europe, but still in infancy stages. We're going to expand it down to South America, Australia, et cetera. So, first inning on the international business, well received when it gets there. Promoters are anxious for it. Artists are anxious for it, because they see when they sell an arena in Baltimore versus Milan, right now, they look at the grosses and say, "Wow, we're leaving too much on the table for the scalpers. Let's price this better." So that's our best sales pitch. So, you're going to see that excel. And I would say on the US business, we're probably about in the fifth inning. The obvious stuff is done at the top end, some artists on kind of the P1 Platinum. But getting all the way through the business, amphitheaters, the B shows, the C, just dynamically pricing that better and smarter all along the way, we see it happen. It will increase your [take] (ph) flow and sell-through rate, all the way to the day -- time you open the gates up. So, we still think that's a multi-year opportunity to continue to grow our top-line/bottom-line.
Michael Rapino: I'll just say, venue pipeline, I think we've been talking about it since our Investor Day. We're really happy about the Venue Nation team, our global development team. These were skills, really going into COVID, we didn't have in-house at any level. We're kind of best-in-class at this point. We've really scaled over the last three, four years, got incredible global teams working around the band. And we're just seeing, as we hope when we're walking into those RFPs that we weren't invited to, we're walking in and holding our own and winning right now some of the -- some key venues around the world that we'll be continuing to announce. So, we see it scaling over the next five years much, much higher than it was in the past just because we hadn't focused that much on international arenas before, and we see a great path forward on these.
Michael Rapino: I'll answer. I mean, all-in pricing, I'll start. Yeah, we're actually surprised and thrilled because we were always skeptical, if we would be the one led path, there was any conversion that would hurt us. But I think consumers are loving the idea, they can see upfront. Ultimately they're shopping multiple tabs anyway. So, they're probably figuring out the true costs are the same. So yeah, we think it's a great test. I would say most of all the congressional, senate, all the stuff Joe and I are talking to everybody about, this just seems to be the common torch that everyone's running with. So, I would assume this ends up being legislated somewhere over time, and I would assume others are going to start jumping on the all-in wagon as a good step forward for consumers, so we can worry about the other issues around scalping, et cetera. On the promoter shift, it is a -- it's always the -- it's a three-level shift, right? It's a local promoter or a national promoter and a global promoter. Still lots of great local promoters, why we have 100 offices in 40 countries. Contracts still have to be executed local. So, you have to make sure you have the best local staff in market that can execute at scale on an ongoing basis. Artists have absolutely evolved over the last 10 years, much like they probably have one global record label and one global agent and one global publishing company, as touring became their most important category and expensive. These artists are putting on -- I was at the Drake show last night. I mean, he's -- it's an incredible show, he's carrying to those fans at a huge cost to give back. So, the artists are -- over the last 10 years have started to look for a much more national or global partner, whether it's us, AEG, CTS in Europe, because their needs have changed. They needed upfront capital. They needed organizations that have a wider view on data, marketing, sponsorship, ways to help them think about their global business. Do they go to Japan or not? Do they do Hong Kong before or after? Do we do Pacific Rim? What's the shipping costs? How do we get it all there? So, artists have become globalized brands and artist -- with the consumers, we've talked about. So, absolutely every artist -- the younger the manager and the younger the artist, the more global they're looking for. So, if you're kind of the new manager managing a superstar that's popped on a global basis, you absolutely want to sit down with someone and talk about your global touring plans and when do you go where before -- with one common agenda in mind. So, we're seeing that continual shift and I think you'll just see that continue to move over the next five years.
Michael Rapino: Love this question. I think, as Joe and I talked about, coming out of COVID, the prior to last three years was obviously build back up that cash bank. We drained a lot during COVID, so we wanted to get the balance sheet strong again, get our staff, get everyone back in place, hire the skills we needed and plot through our real kind of five to 10-year strategy here. So, we think the way we're producing our AOI to cash flow return now, it's given us all the tools we need to deliver this ambitious growth plan that we laid out at our Investor Day. So, you'll see us move up and down depending if there is a big opportunity, but we've been pretty consistent that we can deliver our growth that we've outlined for you with that current number.
Michael Rapino: I'll start and then Joe can jump in. I mean, I see the ticket sale on my daily ticket sale counts. We just went on sale, jeez, within the last week on Usher, Justin Timberlake, Jennifer Lopez, just announced Jelly Roll this morning. These shows are flying out the door from top to bottom. So yeah, we're seeing no slowdown on the consumer from -- I was in Columbus, Ohio for a sold-out Drake show last night. We had two nights in a row sold out, incredible high-merch numbers. They were buying all the sweatshirts and onsite the GM told me they were -- we're doing really strong numbers. So, we're seeing at our current business, they're buying and showing up across the country and across the globe right now.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. And then the other half of it, Brandon, is that's making more on the shows from the fans that attend. In terms of the volume of shows, right now, with our current portfolio, if you assume typical amp has about four months of activity on average, our utilization rate is running about 35%. So, we still have a fair bit of space that we can put more shows into our amphitheaters. And while we haven't been growing by leaps and bounds, we are continuing to add an amp here, an amp there, on our hyper-local strategy of continuing to look for more spots that we can put an amphitheater in.
Joe Berchtold: The other way I think about it, Brandon, is that the typical secondary ticket is still almost twice the price of a primary ticket. So, as Michael said, just think of Platinum as being the market priced ticket, artists are going to be more and more saying I want that through the house. I want that to be closer to really take away that scalper margin.
Joe Berchtold: I'll start. I think, first of all, our show pipeline is up double digits, very strong for -- driven by the arenas and amphitheaters as we've talked about. Michael gave all the reasons why we're highly confident in our ability to execute at our amphitheaters now. So, the volume of fans that we're confident in having and our ability to drive the profitability off of those fans gives us the visibility and confidence that we're going to deliver double-digit growth this year.
Joe Berchtold: Sure, let me start with the CapEx. As we noted, we're projecting right now about $540 million CapEx, two-thirds rev gen, one-third maintenance. If you look at the rev gen, about $300 million of that is either new venues or major renovations of existing buildings. And about half of that, about $150 million, is our top-four projects, would include major revamp of Foro Sol, which is the top international stadium in the world down in Mexico City. Michael talked about Jones Beach. Those projects would collectively have a return in the 20%s. So, we're definitely seeing some chunkiness now in some projects that cost tens of millions of dollars, happen to have several -- four of them line up this year that drives a lot of that. The other rev gen would be a combination of tactical things in existing venues, a new VIP club, a new viewing deck, rock boxes, some new bar designs that are extremely high returns, generally 40%s, 50%s-plus, sort of tactical improvements and some things at Ticketmaster heavily tied in with the sponsorship group and the creation of new ad units. And then maintenance is a combination mainly of venues, some Ticketmaster. I think that's continuing to rise at a rate lower than our revenue, lower than our ticket sales. So, we're watching that pretty closely and making sure we have that limited. In terms of the...
Joe Berchtold: And then finally on DOJ. I don't think we've got a lot to report. We continue to answer any questions they have. They control the timing, and we'll watch it play out, but we don't have any specific updates.
Joe Berchtold: And I think the market just accepts it more if we demonstrate it and then do it a bit more. As you said, we've been demonstrating that return on the invested capital. As we continue, we spend a bit more. We demonstrate those returns. The market will let us spend a bit more. The market doesn't tend to want you to take big leaps and big turns. So, we're not doing that. We're just steadily building a pipeline. And as the market sees the demonstrated returns, then you earn the right to continue to do more of it.
Joe Berchtold: And we're seeing most of these on-sales still selling front-to-back, meaning most expensive tickets to least. So, we're seeing strong demand at all price points. We just went on sale with our lawn passes for our amphitheaters, up double digits in sale on that for the price-conscious fan. So that's going well. Shows are closing. We really have the best per-cap on-site spending right now at our theaters and clubs, just given that its Q1, those numbers continue to be strong and show year-on-year growth. So, all fronts are showing strong consumer demand globally.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, David, this is Joe. I think absolutely there are increasing benefits to scale on the Sponsorship business. One of the things that the brands are telling us they're looking for is they want to reach customers at a time when they are open to the brands, which we have, but they want to make sure that it's at scale. That at-scale really matters. So, they're not trying to do a lot of different little programs. And so, we're seeing a lot more demand. We're over $1 billion in revenue on the Sponsorship side. We're 100 -- closing in on 150 million fans. So, we -- over 600 million tickets on Ticketmaster. So, we've now got a scale and that scale continues to beget more scale. So absolutely, we see a very strong continued growth in that business.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think if you look historically, look back since 2010, Concerts has consistently grown faster than our Sponsorship business, and we think it continues to be a strong double-digit growth business.
