Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first Concerts. Live Nation Concerts revenue in the third quarter was up 11% and AOI was up 18%. This growth was driven by a 10% increase in show count and almost 30 million fans attending our events in the quarter. So far this year, we've had 65 million fans attend our concerts, up 9 million from this time last year. Our international markets have been particularly strong this year adding 5.5 million fans, while the U.S. has grown by 3.5 million. Arenas and stadiums have driven much of this growth globally adding 7 million fans, while festivals and theaters and clubs also contributed to these increases. Underlying its growth is an expanding group of artists touring with us, many of whom are now touring across multiple markets or globally, including six artists who have each performed in front of over 1 million fans so far this year. U2, Coldplay, Guns N' Roses, Depeche Mode, Bruno Mars and Metallica all of whom we work with globally. Given ticket sales through October for shows this year, we're now expecting to have almost 85 million fans attend 29,000 shows in 2017, tremendous growth from our 71 million fans last year. Turning to our sponsorship and advertising business. Sponsorship and advertising revenue for the third quarter grew by 16% and AOI was up 13%. Our growth for the year has been well-balanced between sponsorship and online advertising with both parts of the business growing revenue and AOI in the double digits year-to-date. From a geographic perspective, both North America and international markets delivered similar AOI growth with international markets delivering the majority of sponsorship growth and North America accounting for much of the online advertising growth. Finally, Ticketmaster, for the quarter, Ticketmaster revenue was up 17% and AOI was up 4%. Global GTV was up 6% for the quarter and 5% year-to-date, driven by fee-bearing GTV, which was up 19% and 14% for the quarter and year-to-date, respectively. Primary GTV, which accounts for approximately 90% of overall fee-bearing GTV was up 18% for the quarter and 14% year-to-date. Approximately 75% of this GTV growth is driven by concerts, much of which is Live Nation shows. Most of the remaining growth is from the art segment driven by the touring of Hamilton and other highly in-demand shows. Secondary GTV was up 29% for the quarter and is now up 15% year-to-date. Here again concerts and the arts are the greatest drivers of our growth, together accounting for about 75% of the increase year-to-date. Overall, our Ticketmaster marketplace is performing well for fans, as Michael noted. More specifically, our marketplace continues to attract more fan visits, 36% for the quarter and 28% year-to-date to almost 4 billion visitors this year. The shift to mobile continues its rapid progress, now accounting for 34% of tickets sold in the third quarter. And as part of the shift to mobile, we increased our installed base of apps to over 40 million, up 38% from this time last year, which positions us well for a shift to digital ticketing. As Michael said for the full year, we expect ticketing AOI growth in the high-single digits. And while margins move around from quarter-to-quarter, excluding one-off legal fees, we expect full year margins in line with last year. In summary, we're confident that 2017 will be another year of record revenue and AOI results overall and for each of our businesses. We also expect to grow our free cash flow enabling us to continue investing in the businesses for ongoing growth. On FX, Q3 revenue and AOI were positively impacted by about 1% with the strengthening of the euro and Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar. In terms of seasonality, we expect Q4 as a percent of full year AOI to be a little less than it was last year. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. I'll take them in reverse order. So on the concert side, yes, obviously, as you said, the per cap growth are the largest contributor to the margin increases on the concert side. I think when you look at the other initiatives, which is both more people at the concert and higher pricing, obviously, since those flow through more directly, they are going to be beneficial to the margin. I think the point that I've always made on the concert business is just when you start with the 90-10 with the artists, you're constrained on where those margins can get to, not that we don't continually work and strive to improve them. And so, I think in the concert side, you're seeing this year, this quarter, the fruit of a lot of work that's been going on for a while, that continue to prove the economics of that business.
Joe Berchtold: And then Brandon, on ticketing, again, first the context, we've long said, we don't try to micromanage the results of each division on a quarterly basis. We think that is not in our shareholders best interest. We absolutely look at it on a full year basis. This quarter, we had a handful of things going on, some mix as it relates to international versus North America, some mix within specific customers that were particularly active, and then, as I said, the one-off legal fees. But again, to reiterate the guidance that I gave is that for the full year, absent the one-off legal fees, we expect that our margins would be flat year-on-year. So, I wouldn't have characterized it as you did in terms of the pressure or decline. Those one-off legal fees are associated with the lawsuit that we have underway with Songkick that has been somewhat in the press and disclosed. And we expect, hopefully, to get that resolved and move on, but in the near term, there is a bit of costs associated with that.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. So, I mean as we've been talking for a while, Ticketmaster's job is twofold; first and foremost, to provide venues, teams, artists with a great software-as-a-service platform; and secondly, to have a marketplace that is the best place to sell tickets. And as part of that, our open strategy which is making sure on behalf of those teams and artists, to the extent that tickets aren't selling on our platform, that they're selling connected to Ticketmaster in a way that we can still benefit from some of the economics. So the big thing with the NFL deal is, is it's the first move to all-digital ticketing. So, for the first time, every ticket that's done for an NFL game will be a digital ticket, which means we can understand who the fans are, we can understand how those tickets trade, we can start to monetize what happens on other marketplaces, which hasn't historically been done. So I think the way that we think about it is, first and foremost, when the other licensed marketplaces of the NFL have a secondary sale, there are economics that come to the NFL and Ticketmaster for validating those tickets. That's part of what we've always talked about in the past in terms of that money sitting outside of content and Ticketmaster's P&L and the desire to start to shift some of that money, so that those who are spending to put on the games and other events start to benefit from it. So, that's really the underlying piece of it. In terms of primary, our expectation is, is every primary ticket continues to be available on Ticketmaster. To the extent that we can sell incremental tickets and the teams are looking for other avenues to sell incremental tickets, then Ticketmaster will absolutely work with other platforms on an open basis to make it available for – some of the tickets available for sale on those platforms as well. And to be clear, the deal with the NFL is around the NFL games. And so, as we're talking about the validation or anything with primary, those are the events that we're talking about.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. The festival sales per fan continue to do well. It's a much more fragmented and differentiated. As we've said for a while, our first focus is really getting the amphitheatres, which tend to be a more consistent set of 40-odd buildings that we control with one food and beverage provider and similar tours, similar experiences across the portfolio. So, that's been our primary focus over the past couple of years in terms of driving the numbers. Because our festivals are much more spread geographically, genre, whether the audience is over 21, under 21, more distributed in terms of how the food and beverage is provided, the numbers don't flow as easily. And as we're getting the amphitheaters further along, we're turning more of our attention to festivals, but we're happy with how they've been progressing in the recent years given what we've been able to do with them.
Joe Berchtold: I think it's more a function of the tremendous year we've had so far, and in particular just the great set of stadium shows, in particular, that tend to be our largest shows. So over the summer months, I think that's been a big spike, as we've talked about, really driving a lot of the attendance growth. I don't think we see Q4 as being particularly different from traditional Q4s in terms of our content.
Michael Rapino: And also, just the mix of – we think the concert business has got a great flywheel, onsite, hospitality, huge part of how we're going to keep growing the company. But we also keep growing the business overall on the touring and the concert side, which is the 90-10 part of the equation. So as you're growing your higher margin onsite, beer, food and beverage, no matter how much you grow that, if you do the U2 tours of the world and that grows, when you put those two together, it's hard to move the overall net concert margin. So we just always wanted to be realistic that we're going to continue to grow the onsite, monetize the concert business and lots of runway left. But as you're also growing the global concert, ticket revenue grows, you won't see it so much in margin as you will in AOI cash flow over time.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I mean it's a high margin in theory business, because it's got no real costs. So it's a higher margin business. It's been fairly stable contributor of AOI to the business.
Michael Rapino: The structural – the question that Brandon has answered on structural, right, we're growing the business, incredible margin. There's nothing that happened this quarter that's structurally going to change our margin business over time. We continue to renew, drive the business and, overall, we'll meet our margin expectations for the year given a quarter one-off here and there.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. Joe will take through the – I mean, Joe will take you through the overall Ticketmaster strategy for the last two years we've been outlining and how this is a fulfillment of that.
Michael Rapino: No. I think it – the numbers suggest our thesis on why this business will do well continually, it's a global business now. An artist – superstar artist can travel most countries in the world and sell out arenas or stadiums. So whether you have U2, deep in South America selling out stadiums to artists in the Eastern Asia selling out. So I just think it's continuation of a artists global unlocked fan base and a global growth on an international basis, we'll see for years to come as artists continue now to look not just to the U.S., but to the entire globe to monetize their tour.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. The reality of our business over years is that there has been incidents like this. In the big picture of global number of shows that happen every day, it's still 1% of the business, if you want to look in terms of scale. So, I think, we're continually – whether it was Manchester or certain event over time, the industry in general has gotten better and better at whether it's onsite security. You see it in arenas, you see it in stadiums. I think the industry in general has been doing a better job over the last five years of upgrading its onsite. For us, as horrible as Vegas was, the business is very resilient. We're seeing increased ticket sales since September. We've seen no effect at all on the business from the day on – the day after. Again, because we are a global business, we have such diversity that on a global basis, we didn't see any effect. Now, we're going to continue to make sure we're the best in terms of security onsite, something we always are investing in. We think the digital ticket is an important piece because we think it's going to become more and more important that we know exactly who was at that show and that we have a means to talk to them. So, if the bar code goes away and we have a digital ticket, we have a much better chance to figure out who was going to the show, have a faster response time. So, we think technology will help a lot of ways bring even more high sophisticated ways to secure and bring safety to the events. We don't assume that we're going to see any change in the consumer or artist perspective on the show to-date, and we'll keep investing in overall security. But we don't see any bottom-line change to our cost structure, insurance or revenue in terms of demand at this point.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. As far as Presence, just Ticketmaster already is in the access control business. If you go to a Ticketmaster building today with your ticket, you're going to walk up and someone's going to scan it and that bar code and that's going to hook up to our back system. That currently is our system, we would be supplying those venues with those scanners and hardware, et cetera. The new Presence system is much cheaper hardware overall for us to implement. So as we're updating venues and providing them with scanning systems, we'll be changing that access control into our new Presence model, which is overall cheaper for us on a fixed cost basis. Obviously, when we announced the NFL going to be digital by 2019 on stadiums in the U.S., that gives you a pretty good indication that we're ready for primetime. We'll be rolling it out next year into 2018 and 2019 across all major stadiums and arenas that are Ticketmaster driven. So, we're ready for a fairly aggressive rollout across America and we think, yes, there's a whole bunch of good benefits around this, gives the artist and the sports team much more control of the ticket. It controls how they want to price that ticket and how that ticket ultimately is used on site. Gives us great data about those four people that went to the show versus the one that bought it, gives us a way to engage with that customer on site and ongoing. So, we think that the data that Presence on the digital ticket unlocks really now starts converting our business from – to-date, we're in the delivery of bar codes. Presence lets us get in the delivery of looking at each fan as a data point in itself. And with that combined in rich data we think it helps our business immensely, drives our sponsorship business to new levels when we can really have the next level of depth around who was at these events and who they brought and have a correspondence engagement with them. So, we think it's the foundation to a big piece of our future on unlocking all of those customers and we think we have a bunch of different ways and products in the road pipe – in the pipe on how we'll monetize that data.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. Again, we think Verified Fan just incredible runway ahead of it for Ticketmaster. I mean, we've been working hard with Ticketmaster the last few years on some core products. Obviously, we've talked well about our new platform for the venues, which is working well. We've talked about opening up the platform to give clients and ourselves flexibility. Obviously, the other piece we've talked about on addressing is how do we make sure we really understand this whole $8 billion of dynamic, dollars and how does content better capture it. Well, to capture that dollars, there is a few angles. There is no one – not one shot at it. The first is, how do you price the show better and that's just a function of how willing the artist is to dynamically price it, but artists are more and more willing to look at a lot of our algorithms and pricing dynamic tools to price the house and capture some of it. So that's the best angle is work with the artist on day one on pricing. The second piece is, once you kind of figure out how to price the house better from the top to lower prices in the back, is then with the artist how do you make sure now if that artist has committed to those price points, can you give that artist the opportunity to actually deliver those price points to the fan. That was the piece that was missing when we sat down with fans – with artist. There is no artist that's dying to put tickets on a secondary platform as a solution. That isn't how they build their brands with their fans. What they want to do is figure out how to price it right and then make sure their fans actually have a shot to buy the ticket, not deliver it to the on-sale, have the scalper buy it, and their fan in Boston ends up paying 3 times the price. We believe for Ticketmaster to really turn around its kind of business with the artist and really be artist-centric, Verified Fan was a core product development. So, if you look in this last year, to be sitting here this far with Taylor Swift, and Bruce Springsteen on Broadway to just announce yesterday U2 doing its entire U.S. tour on a Fan Verified, the list is just now growing by the day. I mean, we have yet to meet an artist when we sit down with them and say, are you interested in making sure your fan can get your ticket at the price you set? I mean, where do I sign-up is the answer, of course. So we think we really pulled a really strategic kind of zig versus zag in the marketplace here. While everyone was obsessed with secondary business, our clients are actually obsessed with pricing the house better and then locking down that price point. We think Fan Verified and then you add on presence from the digital perspective are a real important combination for these artists of the future, who now believe they have some shot at controlling and delivering to their fans the price point at the exact price they want. And so, we think this is a pivotal product – suite of products that we've developed in Ticketmaster. It's under a new division within Ticketmaster called Artist Master where we have a new leadership team waking up every day, making sure that we can deliver artist products, so the artists can deliver their tickets to their fans at better pricing and at the price they want. So, we think it's a unique proposition and lots of runway ahead, and a real pivotal positioning for Ticketmaster to really look at the artist and deliver their needs. And ultimately, that's great for their business as no one else is really able right now to deliver that ticket at their price.
Michael Rapino: No. No, we haven't seen that at all. I mean I think our – when you sit down with U2s and Taylor Swifts of the world, I think they're the best brand managers in the world, right. So, they are very, very astute on what is the price, not what's the most they can charge. That's not how they built these global brands. It's what's the price that makes sense for the production and the cost of the show and fair to the fan and how do I make sure that my fan has a shot to buy that ticket. The system is not perfect yet, but I'd say this was a real monumental movement where the artist has absolutely control in implementing this tool and some of the cost of delivering a ticket directly to a fan could come at the expense of transferability. But I think that the artist at times is willing to make that trade-off in terms of delivering that ticket direct to the fan. And to-date, we've had great success at that. The only complaints we've seen is from the scalper, not the fan.
Michael Rapino: Well, I think we should be – we're very proud and we're bragging on the NFL deal. I mean, Joe and I, and Jared, who run Ticketmaster, can be judged on that NFL deal. When we took over Ticketmaster, if we had stayed the exact course, that NFL deal wasn't getting renewed, because the market has changed over the years, and Ticketmaster had a very close platform for many years and, as we say, was in the no business. And our competitors knew it, and SeatGeeks and others, that was their primary strategy, to talk to content about being open. So we knew years – a few years ago, it was fundamental that if we were in the software business for concerts and ticketing and venues and sports, we had to provide them with more flexibility. And we're thrilled that the software and the platform delivered as we wanted and we've been able to sit down this last year and deliver a big renewal like the NFL and a bunch of renewals this year that are all hinged on our ability to look at a venue and a sports team and give them flexibilities that they may need to distribute some tickets to different partners to drive their business. We didn't want to be in the – you can't, on Tuesday, when you have no – you have a bunch of tickets left over and you need to distribute them to Groupon or whoever it is, that we couldn't enable that. So, we think that the test of is our strategy working isn't even the 10 million tickets. It's how has the renewal rate at Ticketmaster excelled over the last couple of years, as we've fixed and now fixed our software from green screen to now actually starting to deliver leading-edge technology from open source to Verified Fan, and we see it in the renewal rates on our core business is the net output of the better product.
