Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first, Concerts. Revenue for the quarter was flat on a constant currency basis and AOI was down due to a decline in attendance, which was expected coming off a high level of Q1 arena activity last year.  Given Q1 is traditionally our slowest quarter in Concerts, what matters most at this point of the year is our pipeline shows and ticket sold to date for shows occurring this year. Our show count for the full year is tracking towards mid-single-digit growth rate, led by double-digit growth in our arena shows. And as Michael said, ticket sales for shows occurring this year are up 4% through last Friday, setting us up for lower to mid single-digit growth in attendance this year. And based on these indicators, we expect to deliver double-digit AOI growth in Concerts for the year. At Artist Nation AOI fell in Q1, but this swing reflects the fluctuations and timing inherence in the business and we continue to expect solid performance through the rest of the year, keeping us largely in line with last year's results. Turning to our Sponsorship & Advertising business, revenue of constant currency grew by 22% and AOI grew by 20% for the quarter. Online activity in North America was particularly strong, growing AOI 35% with major clients, including Pepsi, Hilton, Pennzoil, and Paramount Pictures. In our emerging markets, AOI more than doubled in the quarter, led by Thailand, Korea and Australia. And with this start to the year along with the growth in contracted net revenue, we are confident we will grow Sponsorship & Advertising AOI by double-digits this year. Finally, Ticketmaster, for the quarter Ticketmaster revenue at constant currency was up 11% and AOI was up 16%. Primary ticketing GTV was up 4% for the quarter led by strong concert ticket sales which drove double-digit growth in March. In secondary ticketing, we are now active in 13 countries. We increase the number of events activated on TM+ by 150% and as a result drove secondary GTV up by 75% for the quarter. Along with this ticketing growth, we continue to make progress on our cost reduction program and remain confident on our operating costs for North America ticket in 2015 will be at least $0.35 lower than it was in 2012. So based on ticket sales at this point in the year, we expect to have low single-digit growth in primary ticketing and double-digit growth in secondary ticketing in 2015. And with this ticketing volume, along with our cost reductions, we expect to deliver high single-digit AOI growth in Ticketing for the year. So, in summary, four months into the year, we feel very good about delivering 2015 on plan with regards to timing. Looking at Q2, we expect AOI performance as a percentage of full year AOI to be largely in line with 2014, which puts our overall AOI a bit more into the second half this year relative to last year. And finally, on FX impact during the first quarter, we saw revenue impacted by about 5% and AOI impacted by roughly 6%. I will now turn the call over to Kathy Willard to go through more on our financial results. 
Joe Berchtold: Amy, sure. I mean, as we talked structurally and fundamentally, the secondary business has economics that are pretty consistent with the primary business. Obviously, when it's been a lower scale, it's been working its way back up toward primary. But in that same range, I would say is how you should think about the secondary business as it gets to a level of scale.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. On a cost savings side, that's largely associated with our primary ticketing platform. So it's really those ticketing -- those tickets that the operating costs come out of.
Joe Berchtold: So, John, this is Joe. We haven’t released any details on the specific segments for folks that we have in terms of how they do their purchasing. So I can’t get into that right now. On the economics -- our economics are the same whether somebody buys online or via app, both of those are obviously lower cost than more direct methods of sale. But our economics are the same, service fees are the same, margins are the same.
Michael Rapino: Thank you. This is Michael. Hi, Amy. In our investor presentations in the Liberty once in the fall time, I think now at least for the three years, we've always put up this kind of this global festival slide where we've shown the top 20 festivals in the European market and in America. And we've been pretty clear that festivals are a high margin, great channel to be in. We currently have always had a very strong presence in Europe, been the leader in festivals, T in the Park and Reading and Leeds and Lowlands of Holland and the list goes on. We're a little underdeveloped in America, probably because we focused a little too long on our amphitheaters. So, we over the last three years had a mission to make sure that we could fill that hole in an area where we have undeveloped market share. So, Insomniac, C3, a bunch of organic festivals in the country we started and now Bonnaroo. So, we look at the festivals from an acquisition perspective. They are a tough business to kind of organically get from zero to 80,000 people like Bonnaroo. You can waste a lot of money and fail a few times trying to get that magic in a bottle. So, we really look at the -- on a global basis, there is about 25, 30 festivals where they just become kind of iconic. Rock in Rio in Brazil, Fuji Festival in Fuji, and some of the ones we've acquired. So, we're always on the look on any of these marquee global festivals. If we think that buying that festival is a better return on capital, we've been trying to start two or three of them and making our way to that level. We know that buying these ones tend to be a better and shorter return on capital been trying to build them. Now for us we take an asset like Bonnaroo or Electric Daisy, once we plug that into our Ticketing platform, plug it into our Yahoo! platform like we just did with one of the C3 festivals and plug it into with our Advertising business, we've had great success taking those business and making them very accretive very fast and increasing AOI in those businesses by kind of bringing some scale and professional management and advertising to them and growing them at double-digit rates kind of another first couple years. So, we think we have a strong global portfolio. We will be opportunistic if we think there's other ones available that we can add to our platform. And if we think we can buy them and effectively add our synergies and make them instantly accretive acquisitions, we think those are good opportunities we will continue to pursue. But we would not be as kind of desperate as we were three years ago when we were sitting here with a very underdeveloped U.S. platform the sponsors and our Ticketmaster business were kind of yelling that we needed to get into. So, we're proud and happy with our current portfolio. And we find these very accretive acquisitions given that we get to scale them across our synergistic platforms.
Michael Rapino: Thanks, John. Our businesses, at the end of the day has been an ad business that we continue to look at elevating our ad units. Originally, we were just an on-site kind of sponsorship business. If you were a major advertiser and you wanted to touch consumers on-site, we were kind of your best slot. Then we turned and built as our scale delivered outside of amphitheaters and more globally, we started to develop a commerce and digital business. So, at this current state, when we’re talking to Madison Avenue, it’s couple combinations. First and foremost, we’re just a great now digital network to make an advertising buy-on, if you want to reach this demo with our scale. We have lots of inventory available still. We look at all of our assets and what is still available. And we have great runway ahead of us to continue to monetize a lot of unused ad units. A lot of the ad units are also a combination of on-site and digital, where most of our bigger deals our holistic programs where an advertiser is looking to launch a program, have a kind of a global or a large reach to our platform, but then really make it come to life like American Express does by delivering absolute direct value to access to concerts to their customer. So, we sell local, we sell regional, and we sell digital. We’re seeing -- as everyone else is, we’re very, very excited that our business is moving to mobile. We’re keeping that audience and like everyone else, are looking at all ways that mobile advertising will continue to be a big part of our next new ad unit. So we see lots of inventory available. We have now the reach on-site of over the 60 million customers that advertisers want to be associated with. And now with the 60 million plus on a digital basis, we are able to sale local sponsorship, national access and digital reach programs with capacity left on all of those.
Michael Rapino: You’re good, Tinker. Yeah, we will stick to our knitting right now. We support Jay and all of our artists and any of their endeavors. And we will do everything we can to help Jay succeed and those artists. But we think we have a great runway ahead of us just doing exactly what our core business is. On a global basis, we have lots of opportunities to scale and continue to grow our concert business, new ticket markets, new ticket products, and then later on the advertising on top of that. So we think that our best strategy is to use our resources to keep right down the fairway, continue to consolidate and organically grow our core business. And we will leave the streaming hardware to others right now, and we'll worry about selling concert tickets.  One of the advantages of Ticketmaster and our new platform we've been working on, obviously, Ticketmaster Plus was the first new product that we were able to introduce having a more robust platform. But we do also look at a lot of these opportunities with Apple and others that we now have a platform with an API and an ability to distribute a buy button. So we look at some of these streaming sites just as great distribution outlets that we currently will either have an affiliate or a buy button strategy to increase our reach and increase our conversion, but not a core business that we would be looking to tackle at this point.
A – Joe Berchtold: So, David, this is Joe. We talked at the end of year that roughly $200 million in revenue was coming from our largest relationships, which meant over $1 million per year in revenue from those relationships. Those relationships generally now withstand the gamut. As Michael was talking, as we take the combination of the 60 million fans that go to our shows and the 60 million unique, so most of those folks are doing a combination of digital and traditional sponsorship. I think you can take from the magnitude of those relationships. There is some steadiness to them, but, certainly, it's not all contracted revenue with those folks.
A – Joe Berchtold: Yes, it was exactly both of those things, David. As I alluded to, we had a very good March, a little better than we were sitting here talking to you at the end of February than we knew it was going to be. So there was some volume pick up their relative to expectation, and, yes, we are doing great on getting the cost savings and that's in part why we are confident. We'll have it fully in place this year.
A – Joe Berchtold: So, Rich, this is Joe. On the sponsorship versus online, we talked at the end of last year on those numbers, it was roughly two-thirds, call it, sponsorship, traditional delivery, and about one-third of it was online, to give you the general mix. And in terms of the VICE Channel, we have not -- we haven't announced exactly how that Channel will be distributed, so those announcements will be coming up over the next month or so and it will be launched this summer.
A – Joe Berchtold: Yeah. No, I gave you my numbers that North America online was up about 35% AOI. So, yes, online is growing strongly. As Michael said, we've also built a network of over 60 million unique, and that brings us into a whole another class with Madison Avenue and top three music related sites. So we absolutely expect some good portion of our growth will be driven by the online this year.
