Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first, Concerts. In the first quarter, Live Nation promoted 8,000 concerts for nearly 15 million fans worldwide, increases of 12%and 22%, respectively. Fan growth was strong across both North America and international markets, led in particular by arena, show count and fan growth, along with increased theater activity. Looking to the full-year, we expect to grow our fan base in both North America and internationally with arenas, theaters and clubs and festivals leading this growth. Our international markets are looking particularly strong, driven also by a resurgence of stadium shows for 2019, including such artists as BTS, Ed Sheeran and Metallica. In total, we expect overall fan growth for the year in the mid single-digits, which combined with our pricing initiatives and onsite spending programs we expect will deliver strong double-digit AOI growth for the concert segment. Turning to our Sponsorship and Advertising business. AOI was up 2% for the quarter and revenue was up 1%. Sponsorship is the only segment where we saw material effects impact in the quarter and excluding effects, AOI was up 7% and revenue was up 4%. Given over 85% of our sponsorship is recognized in the second through fourth quarters, it is our committed net revenue that is our most important indicator at this point of the year. And, as Michael indicated, our committed net revenue is up double-digits at over 80% of our target for the year. We're seeing consistent growth with both North America and international markets pacing double-digits ahead of this point last year as our both online advertising and sponsorship. And within Sponsorship, festival sponsorship per fan and revenue from strategic sponsors are both projected to be up double-digits for the year. This broad growth gives us confidence that we will deliver another year of double-digit AOI growth in sponsorship. Finally, Ticketing. Ticketmaster's global GTV in the first quarter with $7.6 billion, down 10% year-on-year. Both primary and secondary ticketing GTV were down similarly and in both cases concerts activity was the main driver. This is consistent with the general sales pattern we see with secondary, where most activity is either immediately following the onsale or in the few weeks leading up to the show. Thereby accelerating concert onsales into the fourth quarter, we have the same impact on secondary sales. As Michael indicated, our digital ticketing deployment is proceeding well and we will evolve it to the next level with the NFL this year shifting to encrypted barcodes as we continue to give content more control over how tickets are sold and managed. One of the key implications of digital ticketing is our ongoing shift to mobile ticketing with mobile ticket sales accounting for 46% of total ticket sales in the quarter and also driving a 40% increase in our installed app base to over 60 million. These app installs are critical as it gives us a real-time channel to our digital fans, enabling teams, artists, the venues and our brand partners to directly reach these fans. As Michael noted, we expect we will see growth in fee-bearing GTV for the full year, which will deliver our full-year AOI growth for ticketing in the mid single-digits. In summary, following a successful first quarter, we're shaping up to accelerate this growth in the second quarter. This starts with increasing concert attendance, particularly in stadiums and theaters during the second quarter. In Q2 results will also benefit from a shift in some of our major festival activity from Q3 into Q2, which helps both Concerts and Sponsorship. Looking at the full-year, given the strength of our leading indicators across Concert, Sponsorship and Ticketing, we are confident that we will again deliver double-digit AOI growth for the full-year in the same range as we have grown over the past several years I will now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think as we talked about in the last call, we expected to see data breach costs in the high-single millions over the course of this year. So as we also said, we expected that to be primarily in Q1 and Q2, so you do have some of that in this quarter. As it relates to Presence, there's nothing new or different really from a cost standpoint of deploying Presence at this point. It's continuing to roll out some access control systems at the venues, which will be on the capital side, but nothing material on the operational side.
Joe Berchtold: But we will say, Amy, we're thrilled with the acquisition. Rock in Rio this year is going to have a record year attendance ticket sales profitability. So we've always known that's one of prized jewels in the global festival business, so we're using it. One, we think the festival fabulous, it's got expansion to it and it's been a huge part of our South American entry. So you'll see us do more, invest more in it. It is the general strategy regardless of what day we do what part.
Joe Berchtold: As I mentioned and you can assume it's probably meaningful to think through. We just have a couple of festivals that traditionally sit over those weekends of the end of June, beginning in July. and based on how the weekend falls, it could either goes more into Q2 or Q3. So we're just making sure to point that out, so as you guys do your modeling, you get the balance between Q2 and Q3.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think, on the Ticketmaster part, as I said on earlier part of the call, we didn't know when that was going to fully work through the Q4 pull forward and how much of it was incremental and how much of it was timing. So until we saw that play out, we didn't know what that was. Now we've now seen it play out, it was on the positive end of the spectrum of what we had hoped for. And as we said, as of mid-July, Ticketmaster has sold 4 million more concert tickets for shows this year than it sold at this point last year. So that was definitely an unknown for us when we did the call in February. Another thing is on the Concert side, I've said a few times that the theater side of the business in particular has been strong and that tends to be shorter lead time. And then I think third is overall we've been very happy with the sell-through rates. As Michael mentioned, they've been very strong. You've listened to other companies' calls and you hear concerns about the economic cycle that was again an unknown to us and I think that having sell-through rates that are at or above last year's across venue type and across ticket types has been something that's given us – maybe still a lot better today than we did a few months ago.
Joe Berchtold: So selling tickets on the app, under the historical model, once we've had a material difference in terms of the data we have. As we shift to digital ticketing and we get the identity, when we have all of those individuals identified on data, it gives us, first of all, much better data. Second of all, by having a combination of cellphone numbers and app installs, it enables us to connect with them directly real-time via phone, so whether that's a sponsor, an artist, a team, Ticketmaster marketing it provides a much more effective marketing platform.
Michael Rapino: Yes. That's all fundamentally driven by the higher attendance, David. As we said, we're very strong in arenas and theaters for the quarter, record attendance so that drove through to the higher performance, which then was supported by the pricing that we have which has higher flow through and just as we continue to scale the business.
Michael Rapino: Yes. David, we've been talking about the diversity of our concert business both geographically, so our goal is to continue to be a global business. There are lots of countries, 42 we're in and many more cities where we want to keep building, whether it's our festival business, our concert business or our venue business. So those releases you see are just continual bolt-ons in markets like San Diego or Los Angeles or London or Paris where we see an opportunity to pick up a great promoter, pick up a venue. And as you know from our financials when we manage the venue, our per head margin increases. So we're always looking for opportunities to bolt-on pieces of the venue or promoter or festival business in markets around the world and you'll see that continue for years to come.
Michael Rapino: Sure. In terms of the turnaround, I think, Amy, more than anything else it was just the catching up of what the pull forward was in Q4 and having that run its course in Q1. We didn't know whether that was going to run its course end of February, end of March, end of April. There was just that uncertainty when we last spoke. So it ended up playing out, but as of the middle of March, this was when we basically saw ourselves work that out of the system. And then that combined with as we thought, it's a very strong theater business, which tended to have a shorter lead time when the shows are announced to onsale to play, also augmented the quarter for us. It was a particularly – speaking then on international, it was a particularly strong quarter for international. That business continues to grow well as we follow the concerts globally and build the business in the markets where we have a strong Concerts Presence and less of a historical Ticketmaster Presence. I don't think we have anything structural to announce at this point, but certainly our strategy remains on course to use the concerts as the flywheel and to have ticketing benefit from that activity. In terms of Rock in Rio, yes, we have got certain options as you said, nothing has been done at this point. I don't think we're in a position to comment on what we're going to do or not do until we make a final determination.
Michael Rapino: Yes. We've seen sales go earlier and earlier, so I think you'll see more and more activity in Q4 for the following year seems to be the trend in the last couple of years.
Michael Rapino: Yes. Music venues, right. We have 50 amphitheaters, we love that model, continues to be a high-margin business. It drives sponsorships, drives ticketing, drives our global food and beverage, so you'll see us – if there's opportunities, we'll keep expanding that footprint, both here and around the world. From the 500-seat to 6,000-seat range, I think we have over 200 and something of those venues now. In House of Blues to Fillmore to Europe, we have a strong portfolio, Australia, we do Canada. We see those as a real great sweet spot of upcoming talent. Huge piece of the youth culture, so it drives our sponsorship, our data around that segment, those customers tend to go to shows five, six times versus a higher-end show at the arenas you go two times. So you get a real active young audience when you're in the kind of the 500 to 6,000 seats. They seem to be the new movie theater for every developer. So we have great opportunities to kind of leverage our content for more equity, more revenue, more of the pie in the right development. So I think we're in a really sweet spot where the live theater is a part that a lot of the developers, real estate, neighborhood, city centers they all want that venue to be part of their attraction in urban centers. So we continually have a big opportunity and a long list of options where we will continue to, whether we acquire the lease, whether we manage, whether we book or whether we bill, we think they are good accretive businesses on overall expansion globally.
Michael Rapino: And Doug just to jump on that, I think that last point is the fundamental. We were going into a year, we want to make sure that globally, environmentally that there was not – no speed bumps that were going to affect our business. Our sell-through really, really picked up halfway through Q1. We do our annual concert week. I think it's our third or maybe fourth year now. We sold 1 million tickets yesterday, which would have been more than what we would have sold in three days last year. So that is another example of the market is very strong. From club shows to festivals, our European business is very strong. So we are very optimistic now that there is no slow down at all on a global consumer demand perspective. Our business is strong.
Michael Rapino: Yes. On kind of our annual Investor Day we do in November. I mean I have those numbers up on the slide again. I can't remember the precise number, but you can go back and look at that. The progress has been there year-over-year. So few factors, one, we just continue and look at the demand on the secondary market over the last few years. As much as we've been increasing the P1, the secondary business has also been growing. So we know there's $8 billion to $10 billion of opportunities still priced outside of the house from a consumer demand perspective. So we know we got years left and we'll be sitting on this call telling you that we've slowly increased the price and it's a slower process, because the artist has to find that right balance between what he will charge that makes sense for his fan and his brand and what the market will bear. That allows us to be some in efficiency, but a great progress. The artists is much more – the appetite is a lot larger now as we’ve moved forward and exceed kind of a sunlight on what the artist or what's these tickets are selling for. So we have a great opportunity to keep pricing upfront. I think we've talked about before. The great advantage of pricing upfront is you also then get some extra growth in the pot to reduce the pricing in the back. A problem in the concert business is never been to sell the first 30 rows, it's can you sell those final 30 rows and get that customer in the house and when they buy a beer and they drive your sponsorship and your data. So one of the reasons you see our revenue and our ticket sales continually grow and we think again this will be a multiyear strategy for us is, we've been able to price the house better in the back, lower the price when it's needed to promote, do some promotions, do what you can, yet net overall the artist is still have a higher gross, higher revenue for the whole house. So a more sophisticated pricing has come into effect, price the front of the house better, price the Tuesday different than a Friday, price the aisle seat different than the middle seat. All of the classic airlines will tell models of dynamic pricing and all of those strategies have been slowly introduced and implemented. It's been driving our overall revenue as well as our throughput on the show. And then once they get in the show, you know all of those things we talked about how we monetize them. So we've been driving more tickets. I think our sell-through we've been talking about closing the gap. Again, we have a multiyear run rate of opportunity ahead, because at the end of the day the majority of shows still don't sell out. So we always have a lot of inventory to keep putting another person through the turnstile and whether it's – at 8:01 that ticket is worth zero. So as long as between the announcement and 7:59, we figured out how to monetize that customer at any price to get him through the door the business continues to move. So we've been moving that number up over the last few years. I think one or two points a year. I think we said in November, we look to that to be a $100 million plus opportunity as we put more people through the house over the next few years by pricing the house better.
Michael Rapino: I'm not sure where the Asia comment came from. We've been building our global business for years, as you know. We're in 42 markets, where we have a Live Nation office, where we're promoting the show. It is a global bundle of local business. You have to have boots on the ground to actually execute. So if you look at our business on a global perspective, historically our European, Western European, Canada, U.S. and Australia have been the traditional markets of a global business. And you've seen in the last five years, whether it's South America, whether it's Asia or Eastern Europe, we've been slowly building out the infrastructure in those markets. We believe that the – now that the artist is global in terms of when Drake drops a single tomorrow, that 19-year-old in Singapore, Colombia and Cape Town knows about it as well as that one in Detroit. So it is a fast expanding global business. Every major city in the world wants to be an entertainment capital and have Drake perform there. The infrastructure is being built. So you're going to see us continue and be aggressive in Asia, South America, India and Eastern Europe, as those markets are becoming every year more legitimate. I think Asia comment might have been driven by our BTS tour. It's a great success story, we're very proud to be part of that global tour and that might be where the Asia comment came in. Overall, our Asia business is a growing business. We've been in China, Hong Kong and Singapore for years. We've been continually looking to grow those businesses and we will over time.
