Michael Rapino: Good afternoon. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. We had the best quarter in the company's history with record-setting revenue, AOI and free cash flow. This has been the best 9 months of revenue and AOI ever for the company. In addition to the strong financial results, over the past quarter, we have continued making progress on all our strategic growth drivers. Our core business model remains unchanged. The Concerts platform is the flywheel of our company, and as we continue to grow attendance, that directly feed the high-margin on-site sponsorship and Ticketing businesses. In each of these businesses, we are generating increasing returns to scale and have now established the largest global platform in all businesses and are best positioned to maximize return from each fan. And we've been extremely successful this year in attracting more fans to our shows with 45 million people attending concerts in the first 9 months of the year, a 17% increase from 2012. We are building share, taking it from competitors and expanding the global pie and as we have been equally strong in both U.S. and international with growth this year. Success has been consistent with increased attendance per show across our amphitheaters and arenas, festivals, theaters and clubs. We've had great success in growing new artists to established artists and all in between with 7 of our top 10 tours led by young artists. And all genres and music grew led by country music, which has grown 47% through the first 9 months of the year. Our second strategic focus is continuing to deliver double-digit AOI growth in our high-margin sponsorship platform. As we are seeing increased attraction to our live events as a means for brands to cut the clutter and reach target audiences. With our scale across all music segments, we have the ability to deliver over 45 million 18- to 54-year-old fans with our mainstream brands targeting mass audience. We're also able to reach 20 million 18 to 34 year olds with brands looking to reach that specific generation live target. In addition, in North America via Ticketmaster, we reached 40 million 18 to 34 year olds and 85 million 18 to 54 year olds, providing even greater reach for our advertisers. The first priority is Ticketmaster's focus on deploying new products. Our key product launch this quarter was Ticketmaster resale transparently presenting fans with all options, both primary and secondary together, on both our online and mobile platforms. Since this launch, we have activated 50 teams from the NFL, NBA and NHL and over 100 concerts with more than 1,400 total events and sold over 750,000 tickets for these events. The early feedback reinforces the value proposition to fans. And what we are seeing so far is that when fans see both primary and secondary tickets together, they are 60% more likely to buy a ticket of some sort and 10% more likely to buy a primary ticket as compared to just seeing primary ticket options. So we are seeing not just price comparison across secondary tickets but increased transparency on high-priced secondary tickets is driving increased conversion on our primary tickets. We will be in beta through the end of the year, as we continue to roll out adoption across all our clients and implement all the insights from our AB testing. At this point, we have enough visibility to be confident that for the full year, we will deliver planned growth in revenue, AOI, free cash flow and leverage free cash flow per share. With that, I will turn it over to Joe Berchtold, our COO, to take you through more detailed divisional performance.
Michael Rapino: Thanks, Doug. One of the successes we had this year is, one, it was spread globally. So last year, remember, we had a strong U.S., but Europe was still struggling. So this year, having both Europe and America firing all cylinders is a big piece of why the total pie has grown. And number two is we were very successful this year in our marketing and social marketing, et cetera, to drive per-show attendance. And then you know, in this business, every ticket you sell with that current fixed basis, profit goes up. So having a higher per-show attendance is going to drive your profitability, and having Europe come back strong this year was the second piece on why the total pie is bigger this year.
Michael Rapino: Yes, it would be -- I mean, both revenue and AOI across our base would be a couple percentage points so not significant in any sense.
Michael Rapino: No, that wouldn't really affect our year next year. We're not active in Brazil or the Winter Olympics in Russia in any significant matter to take any business away from that, so it won't be a factor in any sense next year for us. It'll be business as usual across the globe for us and our 41 other markets.
Michael Rapino: Well, 2 things to look at. One, the secondary is incremental. So today, that's a new dollar is a new dollar. And from my notes that I've just kind of just referenced earlier, the only concern you'll have is are you trading secondary dollars with primary dollars and is there an economic downfall for either of that. The good news to date is we're actually seeing increased primary conversion, which intuitively makes sense. Everywhere you shop, the more price comparisons you get. The better-priced product will do better. So we're seeing an increase in primary. But regardless of that transaction, a secondary or a primary is basically the same margin. Secondary is generally a much higher fee or slash revenue.
Michael Rapino: Yes, given most of our clients and the way we operate have floors, we're not selling secondaries below primary for face. So obviously, the majority, high majority of a secondary sell is a above face, which means the fee's higher.
Michael Rapino: Yes, we don't see that as a big hurdle right now. We think that, at the end of the day, the great secondary business, generally, is driven by the hot teams, the hot concerts and the good seats. That's where the money is. If you're getting into selling the upper deck at a baseball game for $3, you're not doing it for margin, you're just doing it for attendance. So for our business, we'll be happy to participate in the strong sales, good seats and let the brands protect their price integrity on the floor.
