Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. First, concerts. As I indicated on our last earnings call, with the timing of shows this year, our Q2 had lower show count than Q2 2013. As a result, revenue declined 2% and AOI is down 13%. Specifically, as I previously indicated, we had a substantial shift of arena activity from Q2 into Q1, so arena attendance for the quarter is down 14% though up 6% in total for the first half. Similarly, we're expecting our festival activity to weigh more heavily to Q3 this year and give us mid-single digit festival attendance growth for the year, despite Q2 festival attendance being down for the second quarter this year. Looking more broadly at other indicators, we're confident we will increase our market share and fan base this year. First, as Michael said, all of our tickets sold for the shows this year is over 42 million as of July 21, up 3% from this point last year. Our attendance per show was up 4% in the first half, led by arenas and stadiums. Also, as of the end of the first half, for the first time in the company's history, we sold over 2 million tickets per a single act, One Direction, which is in the midst of a highly successful global stadium tour. And this is indicative of the broad demand for concerts across all genres, venue types and markets. With our list of top-selling artists continuing to be diverse with such artists as Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z and Beyoncé, Luke Bryan and Lady Gaga. As a result, we're also seeing tremendous growth in our stadium business, which we expect to be up over 50% for the third quarter. And with this demand in the third quarter, we expect to achieve record attendance at our shows of 23 million fans in the 3-month period alone, which will put us up 4% through the first 3 quarters relative to 2013. And as a result, we believe any short-term timing on shows will be more than caught up over the next 2 months. And for the full year, we expect to build our market share, grow attendance and deliver double-digit AOI growth in concerts. On Artist Nation. For the quarter, both revenue and AOI are down on the division, driven by a combination of timing with our managers and their acts and are discontinuing some services in the division compared to last year. Despite this, revenue is up slightly for the first half and AOI remains up double digits year-to-date. And looking forward to the full year, on the strength of these new managers and artists that Michael discussed, we expect AOI to grow double digits for the business. Turning to our Sponsorship & Advertising business. For the second quarter, revenue was flat and AOI up 4%, while for the first half, revenue is up 4% and AOI up 6%. The first half strength was driven by our sponsorships business in particular, as we had strong increases in our electronic festival and strategic sponsorship basis. The online part of the business is more heavily weighted in the second half this year with programs like Yahoo! as we discussed on our last earnings call. And we have been investing to get our full sales infrastructure in place in advance of this growth. At this point, with about 80% of our expected Sponsorship & Advertising sold for the year, we expect to deliver AOI growth for the year -- full year consistent with the past couple of years. Finally, Ticketmaster. For the quarter, Ticketing revenue was up 10%, while AOI was down 1%. And for the half, revenue was up 9% and AOI is up 7%. Our primary ticket sales were up 2% for the quarter and up 1% for the year through July 21. Secondary ticket activity has been particularly strong, as Michael noted, and is up over 30% through the first half with similar growth expected through the rest of the year. There was a slight margin impact for the quarter and half driven by our increased spend on consumer facing web and mobile products for both primary and secondary ticketing. We expect this to come back in the second half as we continue to scale the businesses and deliver margins in ticketing for the full year consistent with last year. Looking then in totality of ticketing for the full year, we continue to expect low single-digit growth in primary ticketing volume, strong growth in secondary GTV and low mid-single digit growth in ticketing AOI. Overall, 2014 is shaping up well as we expected. Beyond sales and concerts and ticketing sales trends overall give us visibility into the back half of the year, and we're confident that we will again grow our businesses in 2014 and continue on track to deliver our 3-year plan in 2015. And with that, I will turn the call over to Kathy to take you through more details on our financials.
Joe Berchtold: John, this is Joe. So on the margins for the second quarter, as I said on the call, it's simply a matter of a little bit of lumpiness in terms of some costs that we have with product development focus for both the primary and secondary products. And in totality, you should see margins for ticketing consistent with last year's margins. Secondary, at the end, obviously, builds our volume, builds our scale, which is great. It's not structurally different from primary, and it's overall economic so it becomes the same ballpark of contribution margin and AOI. But obviously, as we continue the strong growth in that business, it continues to give us more scale at Ticketmaster, which then, over time, will drive both the AOI and the cash. So we're very happy with how it's done. Michael gave the numbers on a [indiscernible] blockbuster July that we have, which is really a concert-driven month if you look at the seasonality of the sports weeks. And overall with 30% growth through the first half and that kind of in totality expected for the full year, it's clearly very, very strong growth.
Joe Berchtold: So the streaming of the concerts feel that the advertising against those shows is part of the Sponsorship & Advertising segment. Obviously, the concerts themselves, because those are -- all our concerts is in the Concerts segment. And given the timing of the rollout of the shows, it started in July. So it obviously is going to be a second half set of economics. We obviously expect and Yahoo! expects to have attractive Sponsorship & Advertising against the shows well in excess of the cost of the shows. We haven't broken out specific viewership at this point. We may later on, but we haven't done that yet. More broadly, we look at this as this is the launch of our first show. And we're shipping out to where we're not just monetizing the $30 million odd unique to comes to our Live Nation and Ticketmaster platforms every year. But we're truly monetizing the 23,000 shows and 60 million fans we have, working with other partners that have tremendous distribution reach and taking that monetization to another level. And we expect this we deploy more programs that just collectively builds up to be a significant scale and is one of the key drivers of our ongoing strong growth in the Sponsorship & Advertising business.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. So on the -- let me work backwards, on the Artist Nation, I think we stopped doing some VIP and other programs in that business. The concert business decided that it was better to do it in-house as part of their touring activities. So it's within -- still the overall Live Nation activity is occurring, it's just a shift, really, from your perspective. There was a bit then of other just tiny seasonality on some of the merchandise sales side and the overall Artist Management, but again, that's just timing similar to our concerts timing a bit first versus second versus third quarter. We expect that piece of it to catch up without any issues. On the advertising and sponsorship piece. So when we say 80% sold, that is against the total Sponsorship & Advertising that we expect to be sold for the year. We sold about 80% of it today. That's pretty consistent with what we would have sold last year in terms of the percent total sale. It's early front half loaded for the sale of it, the execution and revenue recognition of that Sponsorship & Advertising then takes place in a cadence over the course of the full year. I think for the second half, we gave the numbers, and we expect our total AOI growth to be consistent with the past few years. I think as we start to see some scaling on the advertising side of it, you see the margins in the back half looking more like the margins would have last year. I think in totality, I don't have all the numbers in front of me, that would put us sort of slightly lower margin, but still in the kind of the 65% to 70% range for the business for the year.
Joe Berchtold: David, it's Joe. With regards to the stand on Ticketmaster, I think, at this point, we feel like we've gotten through the bulk of that spend as it relates to revamping the core search inventory management system checkout, and we now deployed major product using the new technology meaning the TicketMaster-Plus. What we're also seeing is that as a technology business, you have to continue to deploy great new products, and you see TicketMaster-Plus with their view from the seats and other innovations and the mobile coming out with new products. So as Kathy gave you guidance on with overall CapEx levels, I think you'll see some continued investment in Ticketmaster as we go forward given the nature of its business today.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think there's some timing there in terms of some payouts that we had with some managers on some of these acquisitions that made it much lumpier than you would normally expect SG&A to be.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, we've analyzed this over time. It sounds good on theory, but we don't actually really own real estate. Both of the business you see when we say we own and operate is just city leases. So Jones beach in New York, we don't own that asset we're just having it leased to operate it, and all the economics are in the operation of it. So if you tried to take any of those assets and put them in another REIT, you have no core business operating revenue coming back to you. So we have looked at it over the years, we don't have enough assets that would produce the return we would expect.
Joe Berchtold: Well, we said it's up 30% for the first half and expect it to be 30% for the full year. So maybe 30% to 10%, it's not quite that high yet.
Michael Rapino: Thank you. Yes, to the first question, yes. As most of you know, we had a record year last year in attendance and concerts. We had a high bar, and we expected this year to beat last year from overall revenue, and then ultimately AOI and free cash flow. When you're looking at the year versus last year, we had an exceptionally strong Q1 this year. We knew last year was a strong Q2. Have lots of certain tours on the road at that time, and we knew that we're going to have a very strong Q3 this year. So we knew in totality we look at the year in total, whether Jay-Z and Beyoncé tour in June or July, we're not sure at the beginning of the year, but we knew our Q3 was going to be very strong. We weren't obsessed with leading our Q2 last year, we didn't do the activity there, but we know on a year-on basis we're going to end up exactly as we planned, growth AOI, revenue, free cash flow and finish off another record year. As far as...
Michael Rapino: Yes, as far as acquisitions, you're going to continue see us look on a global basis. I referenced that this is a unique industry, it's borderless unlike most media entertainment with many regulations that they have around the world and what markets they can own what they can't. This is a borderless business. And that's why we're in 40 countries and counting. Our products called the tour, Jay-Z, Beyoncé, our global brands and becoming more and more global daily, thanks to the world wide web and connected world. So we're going to continually build out our platform in markets, and you're going to see us make sure that we protect our portfolio of festivals and grow those, and continue to look at any acquisitions that will further our ticketing portfolio. So open and always looking for the accretive deal that can help grow our business long-term.
Michael Rapino: Well, there's no timeline. Our job has been to grow the business over the last few years, start to generate some considerable cash flow that we can invest back in the business. We've been doing that, and we are always running around the world looking at opportunities in all of our markets that we think can help grow our business. So no timeline. If the opportunity is right, and we think it's an asset that can help leverage our core businesses within, we would look to do something. But we have a strong global platform. We're going to grow this business organically and the rest of the acquisitions are opportunistic if we think they can help accelerate growth in any of our course.
Michael Rapino: No. I mean, generally, when we look at the year, we tend to have a good view on the year obviously, by March and April, we tend to know kind of what is exactly going to be going on throughout the year from a stadium to a festival to an arena tour. And nothing inconsistent in any business that we didn't predict, meaning whatever is soft or down slightly in Q2 was probably up in Q1 in the arenas in Europe. We will be stronger in Q3 in the back end festivals in Europe. So again, just on an annual basis, we see a totality of all the different segments will be growing.
Michael Rapino: Yes. So on Q3, what we said is we expect to sell sorry about 23, sorry about that -- have attendance of about 23 million fans. So collectively through the first 3 quarters we're up 4% year-on-year. I believe last year's Q3 attendance was just over 21 million. I don't have the exact number in front of me. As regards to Q4, we think it's solid, there's still of pieces of that in motion, but we think -- we'll be solid and will lead to what I said is a double-digit growth in concerts AOIs for the full year.
Michael Rapino: When we back for the MSG, the call. We're -- MSG in general is a great partner to us both in New York and L.A.. They are long-term and continued Ticketmaster and TicketMaster-Plus clients, and we have been very successful and in form this year promoting a lot of concerts in that venue. So any place the ticket is sold under Ticketmaster with our concert the economics are good for us. So the venue has been a success for us, we've sold lots of tickets, and it's good to have another option in any market for our content.
Elizabeth K. Willard: And Amy, on that Live Nation activity, we moved that out in third quarter of last year, so you'll be consistent year-over-year from that plan.
Elizabeth K. Willard: Yes, there's some FX impact, which we've called out. That's impacting that, but yes, it's timing within Ticketmaster, it's timing at some third-party consulting, in corporate. And yes, it's in line with where we expected this year to be at this point. And obviously, another thing I mentioned, I guess was the, we had some legal settlements in Ticketing last year, which we have reduction on those costs. And so year-over-year, there is an increase on that.
Elizabeth K. Willard: Rick, I think that's what we did in May, getting ready for that convertible coming up. And because we felt the market was right, and we've got good pricing on it, we borrow that from now, which is obviously driving a lot of that free cash, which is the $500 million that we just recently borrowed.
