Joe Berchtold: Hey David, it’s Joe. I think at this point we’re just comfortable saying it’s going to be -- we’re going to get it out over the course of the year, not going to give you anything specific to the quarters, obviously as we get into the higher volume quarters it makes it all easier to get to that number. But we’re sticking to over the course of the year.
Joe Berchtold: Oh yeah I gave you -- what I gave you was for the full year, it was about 1% of AOI almost all of that was fourth quarter impact and given that most of our revenues was in concerts you could assume that was a large driver. But again we hedge the input versus the output, so when we commit to an artist to do a tour in Europe, pay him in U.S. dollars, we hedge at that point to dollars again the revenue we get from the European ticket sales. So we’re not just exposed again the revenue, most of it is a profit exposure if you will.
Joe Berchtold: Our $300 million in advertising sponsorship revenue I don’t know off the top 95% of that is organic. You have -- the scale that we already have when we do a bolt-on like C3 or we -- which is not in last year's numbers anyways. But when we do a bolt-on or addition, it’s adding some incremental tickets and some incremental volumes on our quest to continually go from 5,000 shows to 22,000 shows to 30,000 shows. But our high margin advertising business has been growing at double-digits off its base organic business.
Joe Berchtold: No we think we have if you do simple math and you say how big is the size of the price various reports will tell you that there’s $18 billion, $20 billion spent corporate America on sports and music. So break that down and give you somewhere in a $1.5 billion to $2 billion spent in the music space. If you look at the size of our business and we’re generating $300 million out of the $1.5 billion we know that we don’t have to go compete against NBA or Sport. So our main line advertising just to get a bigger piece of that advertising space, but it is dedicated to music. A key function of that is we’ve been doing very well over the last many net multiple years. And just to keep adding incremental ad units so staying out with the market. So nine years ago was a sign in amphitheater and then we elevated our staff and started selling strategic deals. And then we hired a digital team and started building an ad network and then last year we started monetizing our content and this year we started mobile advertising. So we think we got a 400% plus sales team so we got a group credible diverse set of skills there. They know how to sell content and how to sell digital and how to sell strategic and local and we think our assets are still undervalued and we will continue to be able to roll that high margin business as one of the core drivers of our business in terms of no capital required just monetizing the scale.
Michael Rapino: Thanks Amy, on the guidance a few years ago, we had given a three-year plan and a target to get to our $600 million goal. And we're obviously in the last year of that three-year plan. We believe we’re on track to deliver our goal. Obviously there’s always inquiries about will you give further guidance beyond '16 or beyond '15, it's not something that we’re going to get in a habit of, but I wanted to kind of give you kind of an overview there that if you look at what we’ve been able to accomplish over the last three years, cumulatively regardless of exactly what year was up slightly versus the other. And you were trying to build a model '16, '17 and '18, our message there is to you getting from a $300 million-ish to $600 million was because we built a better business, we’re investing in the right levers and we’re monetizing it. And we do some tuck in acquisitions in every now and then a C3. So we can kind of repeat history going forward and we would expect to deliver if we were sitting here somewhere in the year 2019 and looking back over the last three years, our goal would be to continually deliver that kind of ongoing growth. And then on the festival question Amy, what we said is that when we buy a festival, our expectation is that it is going to be accretive to our business within the second size of our festivals after we buy -- so often when we buy a business, because the planning for the next festival are already well underway. There is a limited amount of impact which will impact it, but the limited amount again by the cycle after that we’ll have our sponsorship team our ticketing organization, our operations team totally working alongside the acquisition to make sure that we’re getting to that accretive level.
Michael Rapino: Yeah I’ll give you kind of a general on the pipe, every year we always say that we have such scale that while I’ll be sitting here in a year from now telling you that I had 22,000, 23,000 shows, yes. We have no fear that our global staff are the best at it. We’ll continue to get our share of the market and slightly more. Last year, we had an exceptional in the U.S. only an exceptional stadium year. Had a lot of big stadium tours out last year. We don’t see that repeating this year. But we’re already seeing a much stronger arenas business this year, because the artist have decided maybe I’m not going to go in stadiums, but I’ll do longer U.S. states will come to life. I think you’ll also see some artist debate whether with the FX cost and the cost of business that they do a few more shows in America versus traveling overseas. So we would look at the pipe it will be consistent from a show count, total ticket number year-over-year we see it still being given again it was a record year this year, which would be the record year the year before. So the benchmark continually gets higher, but we think we will repeat history. We think we’ll have a strong arena market this year. We think festivals in Europe will be stronger this year than last year. And we think the EDM business, we have continually within Somiak taken a very disciplined approach to how we grow Electric Daisy to main festival in Vegas. We launched one last year in Mexico. We launched one in London. We’ll continue to launch a few more of those on a global basis this year. And we continue to think EDM is a great channel and to be in the portfolio and it’s providing some great advertising sponsorship opportunities as well as in 2015 the first year we’ll officially move in Somiak all over to the Ticketmaster platform. So we start to get the double benefit of feeding the ticketing and advertising pipe.
Michael Rapino: No I would characterize it as I think it’s a strong, stable, global business, but the reality of EDM is when you’re not hitting mainline arena stadiums and festivals like country, rock and roll, pop and urban it's always going to be a small percent of our total business, because it’s more about 10 great festivals of summer that matter versus 4,000 shows that happen across America that matter. So great small niche business, but given it operate kind of outside of the traditional venue platform, it allows to be more eventism and smaller to the total business.
Michael Rapino: I would think of it as fairly margin neutral it’s the same overall business concept is primary, which is we got some cost of acquiring rights that selling ticket season have service fees around the same 20%ish and you got operating cost against that to put you in low 20s kind of AOI rate. So there’s nothing structurally different between primary in terms of the pipes of margin you should see.
