Michael Rapino: Thanks, Amy. It's Michael. I'll take Verified Fan. We had a very successful launch last year in terms of distribution and getting it across a ton of tours and kind of pursuing our goal of, can we identify fans in advance and then make sure that we can deliver that ticket to that fan at the price the artist wanted. 2017, we learned a lot. I would say that what we learned is the reality of Verified Fan is as long as we do it in advance and we get registered fans and then we have inventory to match, it works seamlessly. Where we learned some lessons is when we over-verified and didn't have enough inventory, i.e., you got verified but we still didn't have enough tickets – not a good experience for the fan – or when we did verify fan at onsale, and put too much pressure at one's time. So, overall, we've learned through the execution that when we register the fan in advance of the onsale, get that database done, correlate that, flush out any of the bad bots, we can identify fans directly and sell them. We wouldn't see any correlation on the controversy of Taylor Swift Verified Fan reducing sales. That wouldn't be the reason sales are strong or soft for an artist. Verified Fan is kind of a separate strategy, just a separate profiling to get fans the direct price. We've got a bunch of artists again using it this year. We think it's part of an ongoing evolution of artists taking control of delivering that ticket at their price.
Michael Rapino: All right. Brandon, I'll unpack that. We're not the promoter on Taylor Swift in America. So I don't know what those counts are. So, I can't comment on what pricing strategy they had there. We are doing Beyoncé, Jay-Z stadium tour. And that, I'm not sure what you're referencing there because the tour overall is very successful, would be close to over 90% sold. And by the time the show has all happened, we'll be close to sellout. So, no issues on selling. No tradeoff was put forward there. Priced aggressively, but also selling aggressively. But you are right. In theory, overall, what we like to talk to artists about is find that fine line. If you sell out at 10:01, you, in theory, probably have underpriced your show. So, when you sell out at 10:01 and there's eight pages of secondary sites selling your ticket at a higher price, you probably had pricing opportunity. So, artists are always the great brand manager trying to find that sweet spot between monetizing the show, as well as staying true to what the brand position is on pricing. So, I think, our thesis, overall, we talk about is every year, we see that the artist is pricing the house smarter, higher in the front end, maybe lower in the back end, and trying to take advantage of some of that secondary market that lives outside of their pot. So, overall, year-after-year, I think for the next five, six, seven years, you'll see artists every year climb back more from secondary into their own pricing and monetizing it themselves, which is great for our business.
Michael Rapino: Well, there are the three venues that we noted that they've asked us questions about. So, we've given them information and we're not doing anything. But for the entire consent decree period, they've got the right to be coming back and asking us questions.
Michael Rapino: Well, one of the things, Jason, that we look at is, is the portion of the Ticketmaster growth that's being driven by the Concert business. And as we said for this quarter, that it was 80% of the GTV growth was driven by the Concert business. I think, part of this is you need to separate out the fee-bearing versus the non-fee-bearing. The fee-bearing being – sorry, the non-fee-bearing being a historically static season ticket volume that can historic growth rates. But if you look just at the fee-bearing GTV, I would have to believe we've got a substantially accelerated growth which is driven in good part by the fact that we've grown our Concert business. I don't remember the exact numbers in 2010 but call it 30-odd million fans to what should be now 90 million fans this year and with a very high portion of those fee going through Ticketmaster and being another way that we're continuing to monetize the overall events. So, I'm not sure what the facts are that you have, but that's how we look at it.
Michael Rapino: I think, it's a little bit early in the year. We still have all of our – almost all of our shows to play off. I think we gave you the guidance overall where we think the net balance between mix shift and volume increase in the amps will play out to around 90 million fans overall.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. It gives us a great beacon in South America. We're now in 40 countries. We've been, over the last 15 years, good at entering markets. We tend to find an access point, either a promoter, existing promoting business, or a historic festival, which is attached to usually a great operator. Rock in Rio, one of the greatest festivals in the world, so good credible jump to our Brazilian business, and that will now be a real beacon for building around our Brazil and into the other South American markets, obviously sends a very loud signal to all of the potential partners we've been looking to bolt on to down there that we are serious about South America. Over the last couple of years, we've been put in lots of Metallica and Coldplay, U2 stadium tours throughout the region. So, we've got great partners, great experience. Now, we're going to turn that with Rock in Rio, turn it into a actual Live Nation businesses down there. This will be the start.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. Rock in Rio happens every couple years. So 2019 is the next Rock in Rio. So that's why the business will be active then. It's not much of a business in between. Overall, we look at – we've said on a global basis, we think that now that the artist is unlocked on a global basis and demand in stadiums from Columbia to Cape Town is the same as Detroit. Thanks to the Internet, YouTube and Spotify everybody knows about the new Drake single this morning. So our job is to build this global platform. The major cities around the world where these superstar artists can continue to tour as they look to travel the world and tour more and more markets in South America, in Asia and in Eastern Europe. So, South America is a market we've – we always go slow, we always go down, find partners, get to understand the market, get to understand all the players. And then when we think we can find acquisitions of current partners with great history and operational skills, we tend to look to acquire them and then add our synergies to that market to drive our growth. So we look at Latin America as a strong market overall in the long term. Artists as I said, Coldplay, U2, Metallica, Rihanna, Shakira, most artists now when we look at their global touring, those hundred shows that they may allocate, they're all looking now to say Latin America is a 15 city kind of tour out of the hundred available dates. And we want to make sure we're able to monetize those dates to the markets. And Rock in Rio is by far an incredible asset to build our operations around.
Michael Rapino: I would say it's more structural. I think over the last few years, we've been adding that DNA to our business. Historically, we were a great concert promoter, and we were a great marketer of tickets and we weren't a great hospitality business. So when we brought our – some outside skillset in, we reorganized our venue business last year to put more focus around the true experience at amphitheaters, put some resources against that. We start to see some real activity and some real buy-in on the local level. So I think the amount of overall initiatives we have across our 50 amphitheaters this year would be at an all-time high in terms of new POS, new product lines, speed to play in the lines, more washrooms, a whole host of initiatives we've put together this year in the quest to grow $2 plus. So, great execution with a new leadership team that comes with the hospitality background foreseeing some real focus across our amphitheaters.
Michael Rapino: All right. These are some very talented guys that have come out with what we consider to be a very interesting technology that lets you tie in your overall identity to the tickets. And for us, it's part of what we've tried to redefine Ticketmaster as over the past several years. And one of the reasons why we do think it's more successful now is, we're willing to look at outside technologies, outside partners, how it is we can bring them in and enhance the overall fan experience, make things more effective for the venues. Whether this becomes the solution for everything or whether this becomes interesting product for a number of clients is to be determined. We just think it's the important part of where we're moving the Ticketmaster DNA to.
Michael Rapino: We're in the same business of hotels and airlines. Midnight, the product is not worth anything. So, our job is to continually figure out ways to get that casual fan, who wasn't going to end up going to that show, to think about going to our show. So we've got an incredible database set. We've got a great internal team. And their mission the last couple of years is to wake up and figure out how do we create these holistic scale offers that can drive casual fans to come to the venue and at scale. Because of our business, we can deliver those offerings with real impact. So we think they're very effective. You'll see us continually look to be in that business of consumer offerings that are going to drive both the low end, whether it's a price discount or a high-end on a VIP experience. We think lots of opportunity to keep delivering segment value offers to our audience at scale.
Michael Rapino: We think – we've got a ton of respect for Daniel. He's new at the game as we saw yesterday. So, I think, he's got a big mission ahead of him and some staying in his lane, driving the streaming business against the Apples and the Amazons of the world. We have a partnership. We've been doing our API at Spotify like other places for a while. But at the core, I don't think Spotify is someone that's looking to get into our business nor are we looking to get in the streaming business. But we'll look at all those partners. There's some distribution opportunity for some incremental tickets. But at the core, we'll stay in our lane and we think we have lots of opportunity.
Michael Rapino: Thank you. We think runway – we think Sponsorship – the same for 14 years, Sponsorships got a lot of runway ahead of it. It is one of the foundations to what we do for a living. It's not an ancillary business, it's what we do. And we think that the wind at our back with experiences, you talk to any CMO, any brand in the marketplace, they're all looking at how do I connect with customers in this new age. And when we tell them we got 91 million and we know where they're going to be on a Thursday and what seat they're going to be in, we have a great platform. So we look at both international, U.S. Canada, we think every day that we – Brazil now with Rock in Rio as we keep building our flywheel of concerts, we think we know that that drives our audience and our sponsorship potential with brands who are hungry for some of their budget to be allocated to this experience space. So what we think – we think the market in the U.S. and Canada we still have a lot of room because it's a market where we continually are able to create great products. We have such a great asset base here. So we think the runway here is different in the sense of it's got a lot of levers around it. We have Lollapalooza and amphitheaters, incredible asset base that still has great runway. International just got good runway because it's new to us in a lot of markets. I mean we have zero in Brazil and next year and in like couple years, we'll have more there, so more about markets international as we've been growing those, we're able to ramp up sponsorship. So higher growth rate from the sake of there was a lower base, but we think both markets will continually have good double digit runway for years to come.
Joe Berchtold: And then this is Joe, Amy. On the concert mix, because all of the on-site revenues, $2.5 growth that Michael spoke about, all gets reported within the Concerts segment and that is – flows through at a very high margin. Absolutely, you're correct. When you have a shift in activity towards the amphitheaters, you would naturally see some margin expansion on the Concert business. As I think, we've talked in the past, I think, for the Concert business this year, we absolutely expect AOI to grow at an even more rapid rate than revenue because of that shift.
Joe Berchtold: Well, we've been pretty active. But any given year, it's – I don't know the exact numbers, but I'd be surprised if it wasn't 80%-plus organic. The acquisitions we tend to make tend to be bolt-on acquisitions that we're then driving growth from. Most of the acquisitions we're making are concert promoters and festivals that we then bring the Ticketing, the Sponsorship components into. Ticketing acquisitions we tend to make are pieces of technology hires not material in any kind of near-term driving of our AOI growth.
Joe Berchtold: Probably now it's just a chunk of the impact for Ticketing. It only impacted our Ticketing segment, and it was a piece of our over-delivery relative to where we thought we would be a couple of months ago.
Joe Berchtold: Well, no. Just – it would be a bit of increase in terms of our Ticketmaster ticket sales through April. Just for some of the – if you phased in one or two of the bigger onsales into Q2 versus Q1. Not a huge impact.
Kathy Willard: That will continue going forward. That's just eliminating some of the nonrecoup activity between Live Nation and Ticketmaster. So that's why we're adding back the net number.
Kathy Willard: Correct. So, yes, we've adjusted last year's to match the new accounting. So, what you're seeing in the Q, gives you consistent accounting between 2017 and 2018. But so, everything therein, the total and Ticketing had to be adjusted.
Kathy Willard: Yeah. On the AOI, yes, we're talking about adjusted for Songkick. So take last year, add back the $110 million and then the growth comes off of that.
