Michael Rapino: Good afternoon. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. We had great results for our second quarter with all our core businesses performing well, setting us up for what looks to be a record summer. Starting with the top line, our revenue was up 8% for the quarter, driven by growth in our Concert position. Looking broadly at consumer demand for Concerts, we have seen double-digit growth in concerts at both Live Nation and Ticketmaster on a global basis, reconfirming the quality of live artist on the supply side and strong fan desire to attend live shows as a top entertainment option. At the same time, we continue to build share, with ticket sales for our Concerts up 26% through June. We're also continuing to drive AOI growth at even faster rates than revenue. AOI was up 10% in the quarter, and free cash flow also up for the quarter, along with higher free cash on our balance sheet. As I did last quarter, let me give you an update on the 5 strategic drivers that we believe will deliver our 2015 AOI and cash targets. First, growing market share in concerts and tickets up by 5 million tickets. If you can tell from my opening comments, this is shaping up to be our strongest concert season ever. We've already sold 2 million more fans at our shows this summer than last year at this time, with double-digit growth expected for this year across festivals, amphitheaters and arenas. We're seeing this growth from both the artist and fan side, with show count growth from clubs, amphitheaters and arenas, while also increasing the attendance per show at all of our venues. As a result, I expect us to achieve our 5 million incremental fans by 2014. In addition to this organic growth, we also continue to look for strategic acquisitions and partnerships that could expand our platform. In this quarter, we closed on Insomniac, the world's largest electronic dance company and expanded into Hong Kong and Singapore, key markets for our Asian footprint. Our second priority is to increase event awareness and ticket conversion, driven by shifting and tripling spend in social and digital channels by 2015 to over 35% of our ad budget. In the first half of this year, we've increased our attendance per show across arenas, stadiums and amphitheaters. And I believe these shows are benefiting as we shift from spending on broad media to increasing our spent on artist-specific social channels, targeted data-driven direct marketing. For 2013, we have increased the spend to 25% of our total ad spend and are on path to our 35% goal. Third, deliver double-digit growth in our Sponsorship & Advertising business. This business continues to deliver consistent double-digit growth, fueled by the overall growth of our Concert platform, continued strong double-digit growth of our online advertising units and additional global strategic sponsors who are attracted to the scale and scope of our global platform. Fourth, we are triple market share in our secondary business. As I have discussed in the past, we see secondary ticketing as one of our greatest growth opportunities. There's a $4 billion market in the U.S. alone, and we have a very low market share. We are highly confident that bringing primary and secondary together on one secure, transparent platform, done in collaboration with content owners and venues, we can build a product which will create great value for fans. We launched TicketMaster-Plus in beta a few weeks back with a handful of shows and plan on spending much of the remainder of this year working with teams, venues and content owners to drive adoption. As a result, we expect to continue building share in secondary through this year and then accelerate our share growth in 2014 as TM-Plus is fully in place. And finally, we'll reduce ticketing cost by $0.35 per ticket in North America through our re-platform project. While the immediate focus is on delivering better products at Ticketmaster for both fans and venue partners, we remain confident that our cost reductions will be delivered in 2015 as planned. So in summary, our strong performance in the first quarter continued and accelerated across all our core businesses in the second quarter. We have now seen enough concert ticket sales, sponsorship commitments and Ticketmaster sales to be confident that this revenue and AOI growth will continue in the second half of the year, and we will deliver the full 2013 in line with our 3-year plan. With that, I will turn it over to Joe Berchtold, our COO, to take you through an update on the divisional performance.
Michael Rapino: Got it. I think in general, if you look in 2013, things like Hong Kong and Singapore, our small acquisitions are just basically hirings. 2013, generally 100% of our AOI is organic. We have not added anything incremental from an acquisition perspective at this point. So we really haven't made any acquisitions over the last year of substance. Most of the expansions are low-cost entries. Insomniac is a -- while we did acquire, but we didn't have any of those effects on their business in the last quarter since we closed late.
Michael Rapino: Well, we're not going to give you hard guidance on that. But we say triple, we're somewhere, I think, in some of our presentations we've showed you with our current NFL Exchange and TicketsNow and other fragmented pieces, we have somewhere in the low digits. So we expect that we should be able to capture 20% to 30% of the secondary business over time.
Michael Rapino: No. I mean, we -- the ones we canceled, we either added a better one or more importantly, just focused on the great stars that we have. When you have festivals like Reading and Leeds and Download and T In The Park, some of the, let's call them, the Coachellas of Europe, you're much better off spending a few extra dollars and time figuring out how to sell more tickets and sponsorship to that than driving some of the riskier ones. So we think the overall, our festivals will be stronger with the current portfolio, and there'll be no effect from the ones we canceled on a total basis from an operating [ph] perspective.
Michael Rapino: All right. That's a handful. I'll start with -- EDM has a great global runway. I mean, we're nowhere near saturation. This is the music of today's youth. There's some great festivals out there in Vegas and New York and et cetera, but huge, huge global demand. You look at things like -- markets like Canada. Montréal, Vancouver, Toronto don't even have an EDM event of this scale yet. Lots of smaller ones, but not scalable yet. So we look at Latin America, Europe, Asia, huge opportunity. We have had a flurry of opportunities and calls from around the world with people very interested to launch a Hard, Creamfield or an Insomniac-branded event. So we think we're at the start of the runway. We think we have, by far, the most cohesive best management team in the world, running it with James Barton from Creamfields, Pascal from Insomniac and Gary Richards from Hard. So we're not looking to have 10 or 12 companies running our strategy. We're looking for a small handful of what we think are the strong brands that have global expansion. The second piece of that runway that's just ready to explode is it's really not been broken by mainstream Madison Avenue yet. So again, my sponsorship team would tell me when they're out talking to the CMOs, one of the biggest question they get is how do we get into EDM, how do we get to that youth market. So we think sponsorship has a huge opportunity, and we think ultimately, the other piece that we'll bring to the equation as our new platform comes to life is most of EDM is not ticketed by Ticketmaster. It's ticketed by more small, independent sites. And we think as we build out a proper EDM white label opportunity for all of our businesses, we'll gain market share on the ticketing side. So we think it's a big leg in the stool, has huge opportunity all the way around. As far as next year, too early to tell. Usually, we wouldn't know this time of the year, other than the obvious big, big stars that may be talking about a big cycle next year. But too early to tell what the lineup will be, but we have no fear that there'll be a bunch of artist on the road next year and the pipe will be full. So that doesn't scare us at all. As far as the Forum in L.A., we're excited about it. We think it's a great historic venue. We think it will be a fabulous concert venue, and we think it might expand the market in L.A. given it will have no sports teams. So you're going to have a lot of availabilities for artists to start and do 2, 3, 4 nights in a market like L.A. We're thrilled to be the ticketing partner with MSG, and we're thrilled to be their largest supplier of content, working with Irving and Jim Dolan and then Hank and the team on both MSG and the Forum. So we think it's a good move for them, and we're happy to be in partnership with them on it.
Michael Rapino: Yes. But to date, it would be less than 1% of our sponsorship revenue might be EDM related, if that. So huge runway.
