Michael Rapino: Well, as I said, David, on my script here, without getting precise because of competitive reasons, you can appreciate, as I said, that the key is the adoption rate. So I think, last year, I spoke about build the tool that we could get adopted throughout the business. We think we have a great simple dynamic pricing product now that agents and managers in the industry can use. We've got -- we spent the year selling it in over 100 artists participating or shows, if you want to call it, against either dynamic pricing or a platinum scaling. Either version is about secure some of the high revenue that ends up on the scalpers column and put it into the P&L of the artist and the promoter. So as I've alluded to here, we've got -- when activated and an artist or a show is using the dynamic pricing tool and/or platinum, increasing some of the scaling or thinking about a few different ways to scale the house, based on from factual input, we're getting an 8% to 10% increase in that show's contribution. So early success the first year we've started to roll it out, and as I promised, the Street was about getting some adoption, learned some lessons and get some successes built, and we're very happy right now that we have close to 100 participating, and our goal by the end of the year is if you got 100 artists and agents and managers participating and all having an increased revenue output for that show, that will be a great way to pave the future to higher adoption. 
Michael Rapino: Well, in general, the ownership of that live show is owned somewhere between that artist and the record label. The rights to stream a show are a lot easier to obtain than obviously the rights to download and buy a show. So we do somewhere around 300 to 400 shows a year where we would be filming them, recording them or steaming them, whether they're for sponsors, whether they're at livenation.com or whether they are at -- we stream the entire iTunes Music Festival in partnership with some at iTunes. So we have a Live Nation studio division that's been at it for a while. We have found the easiest way to monetize that live show to date has been to build a division that can service sponsors. So most sponsors have websites and Facebook pages and desire for live streams and content. So we've been delivering direct to sponsors as a way to build our sponsorship base to date, but we have definitely been stepping up this year and you will see us more aggressive in the fall at livenation.com, as we launch that website coming into the fall into a much more interactive website that we'll definitely have a higher level of live streams shows and live concert interaction. We would think that the best model for us is to build our current online business as the main vehicle supported by our sponsorship strategy then start to venture into the cable right now. 
Michael Rapino: Well, I'll take a stab at a bit of that. I'll start from the back forward. I mean, as you know, other than the natural reality of quarters for Wall Street, we play for the year. It tends to be in the world of concert touring, it's a January December kind of season. So obviously, in our business, the second and third quarter mean in the summers both internationally and festivals. Amphitheaters tend to be the highest -- obviously, the highest activity globally for the artist. So somewhere between the second and third quarter, depending on what day that cuts off and what shows we're having, you can have a swing. So definitely, there are chances that sometimes, the Madonna tours in the second quarter in 1 year, U2s in the third quarter, so you have some swing. Generally, why you continually hear us talk about full year is we're less worried about whether the show happens in June or July and more worried about during the year. In totality, do we have the line-up and the show count to deliver the growth, so definitely, a business where you have continual movement between Q2 and Q3. In the odd time, you get a big Q1 Roger Waters world tour that launches in the wintertime that can take your numbers on a year-over-year basis, but totality, over the year is what we play for to kind of smooth out the reality when certain things happen. Concert division, you're right. We were very proud that we, over the last couple of years, are running the business a lot better than we had previously. We've got a great team both in international and in North America. We're buying better, but a lot of the focus has been on the execution. When you have 25,000 shows a year, if you can upgrade that marketing capability and start to claw into that little fact that we live with here that 40% of consumers didn't know about the show or they would have went, and 60% of your shows aren't sold-out. So if every of those 25,000 shows, we sold 10 more tickets to every one of those shows, that's a nice drop to the bottom line. So why you hear us talk about mobile and social and engagement is we do believe that the social platform and the mobile platforms, it is made for the concert business in terms of people want to buy a ticket online on their mobile phone, and they want to share all of their fun activity around the concert in a social environment, and the more people that spread and post to Facebook and tell their friends, incremental sales are coming to life. So we think we've got great run rate to drive that number. I talked about attendance per show up. That's the foundation to driving our bottom line. We'll probably always have somewhere in the 25,000-plus shows. We'll grow those if we grow some markets, but the upside in our bottom line will continually be if we can continue to build strong marketing department that can sell incremental tickets to those 25,000 shows, and that's been the focus for 18 months and definitely coming to life this year, and we think we've got great runway ahead of us to -- even if you took 40% of consumers who didn't know about a show to 35%, that 5% that hit our bottom line, would change the dynamics of our business, and we think mobile and social are incredible tools to help drive that. 
Michael Rapino: And as far as the margin, we wouldn't give you a guidance on that, but I think the tone is the important part. We believe, obviously, with our scale and concerts and ticketing and our kind of leadership market position, overall, our #1 goal is obviously to drive higher free cash flow from the existing business and ultimately delever our balance sheet over time as we build that stockpile. The way we're going to get there is less about more revenue and definitely about driving higher margins from our existing business. So without giving you the guidance on the numbers, yes, the thematic here is how do we drive higher margins from those existing 200 million-plus consumers that are transacting with our core business, and obviously then that drives down to the cash flow bottom line. So we think there's opportunity to increase the margin. Now it's tough because of the revenue mix in our business when you drive big revenue tours like Madonna and you're driving $5 billion or $6 billion in that revenue mix. Mathematically, it's tough to make a substantial difference in the bottom line margin. But generally, the thematic on how we're going to execute here has been over last year and continues to drive higher margin from existing business. 
Michael Rapino: You're right, we would, at this point in the year, we know 2 things that matter. We know how strong Q3 is going to close generally, because, obviously, all those shows are all well booked and on sale, and now it's just a matter of how they close. So that would be the biggest determination to how the overall year will play out. And then after that is what does your show count look like from both the ticketing and a concert perspective for Q4? Now Q4 is always light, so you're never going to make a substantial change in Q4. You're not going to gain a lot of bottom line in Q4. You just don't want to give a lot -- you don't want to give away a lot. And at this point, I would say that Q3 is looking very strong and Q4 is looking on par with history. So I don't think we'll be giving away much in Q4. It should be flat year-over-year as we look at the rest of the lineup. So we believe that's kind of the basics on how we could sit here today and call the year in terms of we believe it's a strong revenue AOI and cash flow growth year-over-year. If we close everything in Q3 like we hoped and all the PVDs come to life in Q4, those too look on course, right now, to deliver our growth. 
Michael Rapino: No change. No information, just a delay on the arbitrator side to deliver the judgment. So we're now waiting for a fall due date, is the latest, but still feel confident. No changes in our perspective on our defense. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, in general, we ran a bunch of research around this, but if you simplified it, as you would expect, they are younger, younger and more active buyers. So the first to convert are going to be the obviously high user and younger demo. 
Michael Rapino: What we're talking and always evaluating all our options with partners. Remember, let's just call the competitor set we have, nobody has what we have, meaning, the platform and the presence of ticketmaster.com and livenation.com. So our first priority in the way that we monetize 100% of the advertising dollar is to deliver that business to our sponsor in our own platform. And the larger our platform and the higher our traffic at our platform, the more tickets we sell and the higher our sponsorship is. So to date, we believe we will continue to kind of feed our tm and livenation.com businesses, and that's the way we can keep delivering that double-digit sponsorship online advertising growth versus kind of producing and delivering to someone else's advertising platform. 
Michael Rapino: Not in general. I mean, we -- everybody, obviously, it's a big business over in Europe in general, so it's only really affected in London proper. So there wouldn't be a lot of shows planned over those 2 weeks if you're an artist. But in general, the European concert season or the festival season, which kind of drives the London business, just naturally, it happens to be a May, June and end of August business. So not a big change in these 2 weeks during the Olympics that has changed any of the historic business in London. 
Michael Rapino: Well, I mean, festivals, in general, are one of the highest margin businesses we have. So we like the festival business period, and electronic festival versus a good pop or rock 'n roll festival would be on par to possibly a few points higher on margin. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, that company you're referring to has been down that path a couple of times. So if you're in the business of owning one festival in the U.K, you're fairly exposed on that one event. Then you have a portfolio of 57 -- it's a portfolio that really kind of hedges the risk. So every year, out of 57, you always have 2 or 3 that just don't hit it, maybe weather is bad, maybe you don't have a perfect lineup, and you have 2 or 3 that hit it out of the park. In totality, as you can see by our numbers, we're growing 25% ticket sales year-over-year. So I think, definitely, the festival business is high-margin. Obviously, there's a lot of festivals continuing to evolve, but the leadership position that we have is the competitive advantage that lets us, obviously, buy in bulk, deliver sponsorship in bulk, ticketing in bulk, marketing in bulk. So it wouldn't be a business that you'd want to start today in one by one, but we believe that given we've been in this business for 10 years-plus and are a market leader, it lets us build it efficiently with a good tolerance to the risk that comes with them. 
Michael Rapino: In general, our -- how sensible is this, we believe that our job is to protect the first sale and what I mean by that is I'd like to tell you that every artist is going to charge exactly what the market will bear, but that's not reality. There are some artists that just want to charge $99, regardless of how expensive that first row could go for. Our job is to figure out how to make that first sale secure. If Bruce Springsteen absolutely wants to charge $99 in Detroit, our job is to figure out all of the ways we can deliver that $99 ticket to a real fan who has a shot to buy it. Now what that fan does with it after, if they want to resell it on the secondary market, we're -- we have no problems with that, we'll support that. But anyway, we can help deliver that $99 to a true fan for the first sale is what we believe is we're in business to do and make that consumer feel like they have a shot of getting it. Now paperless is one tool you can use, which we've done many times. If you use paperless, it gives you a shot to deliver kind of a deterrent to the scalping system and deliver that to that first fan. I think, in general, mobile is going to be an incredible tool to deliver a digital ticket to an exact person, who then can walk in to that venue and scan it at the door. So whether it's paperless or whether it's mobile, we're continuing to look at new technology to deliver a direct sale to that first fan, and we think mobile is probably going to be the most exciting opportunity for us to deliver that digital ticket to that fan. 
Elizabeth Willard: There was impairment of about $14 million in the quarter related to some of the intangibles, but timing wise, it's really a timing issue because it's coming off one way or the other. The impact for the full year is going to be about $9 million. 
Elizabeth Willard: Yes, I'll answer that, the second question first. The FX impact, the 3%, for the full company. We do -- the concert piece of it alone was about 2%. So it is obviously the biggest piece of our revenue and does drive all sorts of things. 
Elizabeth Willard: Yes, Ben, we did say that so kind of this is when we're looking at ticket sales during the year, regardless of the event date. And through July, concert is currently at 15% over last year and Ticketmaster is at 5%, with North America up 4% and international up 9%. 
Elizabeth Willard: Right, but that basically shows you -- I mean, that's in line with what we were showing as Ticketmaster tickets for the 6 months and gives you a different view on concerts, but shows you why the deferred revenue is so strong. 
Elizabeth Willard: Again, we continued our process of hedging the artist contracts in foreign countries where we're paying in a different currency than ticket sales, and we continue to evaluate the other, but no real claims right now. 
