Michael Rapino: I’ll start on the quality. We’re seeing a really good pipe for next year. I would say there would be no difference in ‘23 to ‘22 in terms of quality. If you were a stadium act, a large selling arena act, you probably debated whether you went out in ‘22 or you went out in ‘23. So, lots of great artists in the pipe from clubs to stadiums to arenas. It will look like a similar year in terms of quality.
Michael Rapino: Brandon, for comparison, the – if the NFL was a public company or NBA, I’m sure that would be reporting record sponsorship also. So we kind of put us off from that league, right? He’s not having any pullback. If you’ve got a scarce commodity like a beyond state tour or an NFL game, those are still very rare pieces of business that you want to be associated with, and they have longevity to them. So we haven’t seen any slowdown talking to the NBA and NFL. We haven’t seen it over there either. So I think those are the comparables for you.
Michael Rapino: Just a couple of points to jump on, we tend to do better as regulation comes into play in this space. A lot of our business has been chasing the secondary business for years that’s kind of unregulated. We would love spec selling to be outlawed. We’d love better rules on bot ticketing. We love all-in pricing. We’re adhering to all-in pricing in New York right now. I think we’re probably the only ticketing company actually adhering to those regulations right now. So we like sunlight coming to the business. The most part of the business that’s been unregulated and most of the noise is generated from the secondary business. So we love regulation, puts us on an equal footing ground. Right now, in our secondary business, we don’t do spec selling. That’s probably 30% to 40% of what inventory sits on secondary sites. We don’t price below face value. So we actually operate at a disadvantage right now because we are operating in a higher standard. So we had a lot more transparency. We’d love to have the fees more transparent upfront, all-in pricing. We just have to make sure everybody plays by the same rules, but we’re going to lead those pieces. As far as the fees, just to remind you, it’s the venues that set the fee and take most of the fees. So I think if you bought – if you build a multi-hundred million arena or a stadium, I think your prerogative to decide what is the fee you want to charge on your sports and music tickets. We get a piece of that, but those are set by the venue and monetized by the venue. So just kind of some of the ongoing transparencies of the business, we’ve got to do a better job explaining.
Michael Rapino: I’m going to let Joe jump in, but I just want to make sure, don’t discount the supply side, right? That’s like talking to Disney and saying, if you only have Marvel movies, how is your demand going to be? It’s going to be great. Supply and content drives the demand. So if you’ve got a lot of great, great quality supply, the demand is a little easier. So I don’t want you to discount that. We’re very proud that we work with the best artists in the world. We have the best global platform for those artists and attractive to our platform. That’s what you have to make sure you first have. So we have the blockbusters top to bottom. That’s going to drive the demand. Now Joe will take over in terms of explaining the demand strength so far we’ve seen.
Michael Rapino: And Joe, I just want to jump in on the demand in terms of how the demand is spread. There is certain thesis as they like to get spread. Our demand is – overall concert ticket is still a really affordable ticket. Most majority of the tickets are sold are $50 to $75. So, although we have a great premium business that does attract a high-end customer or someone that’s a rapid fan, our business is split from clubs to theaters to stadiums, we’re seeing demand strong on all levels. Whether it’s a $19 ticket, it’s filling up the clubs or the premium at the stadiums and arenas. So we do think we have something for everyone. It is a very accessible ticket even in a pull back time. And we’re seeing that the demographic of our buyer is very, very wide and split across all sizes.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I wouldn’t say ‘23 – our conversation is any different than it’s been in any year. We have an incredible – great pricing team, a lot of data scientists that are talking and analyzing the business with our managers and agents. So, as you know, there is no one paint brush, depending on what artists – where you are in your cycle and what your demand is. So, I just saw some counts this morning for Shenoy [ph] went up, up-sell. Today, big, big numbers out of the box. She is an iconic artist. So, you are not worried about pricing if you are talking to Shenoy and how she prices her tour, if you are a little baby going on tour next year. You have a younger demo, you are building your audience, maximizing your growth isn’t your priority. It’s getting to as many markets and fans as you can. So, I wouldn’t say ‘23 is even in my buyers’ minds right now. What is in their head is over the last few years, it’s just better pricing dynamic strategy from day one on the market. Price is different on a Friday than a Tuesday, the aisle seat’s worth more than the middle. The front is always underpriced. We have yet to see anything get close to secondary demand yet. So, most of our shows are still going to be underpriced in the front. So, our job is to do what we can up-sell the front, so we can lower the price in the back, get sell-through all the way through. So, I wouldn’t say that any artist or manager is having any panic of talking to me about demand for next year. They know the Taylor Swift ticket Verified Fan that went up this week that’s probably going to break all records. I mean artists are seeing the demand is there. If you price it smart, you have got the right markets. You have been out of the market maybe 3 years, 4 years. We are not feeling the demand from inflation or ‘23 pressures that are driving strategy. It’s just overall us being better at what we do today than we were last year and the year before on pricing strategy per market by artist for territory.
Michael Rapino: Yes. Just on a macro level, this is a business that overall we don’t win – most shows don’t sell out. Majority of your shows don’t sell out, always room for a few more tickets to be sold. So, although the press always talks about the expensive tickets or the sold-out ticket, that’s not your real business. Your real business is night and day, theater, clubs, amphitheaters, arenas, selling those tickets night by night. So, most tours ultimately do well in the end, artists make money and we make money. There are some tours a small percentage that just don’t sell enough ticket, the demand isn’t there. And the tour that gets canceled or the promoter and the artist lose money. So, I have seen some of those publications where they want to grab those six tours or some that didn’t make money and then try to extrapolate something larger. So, I just don’t see that trend. We did over 8,000 club shows last year and 95% are going to make money and do well and the artists will deliver those 400 tickets or 1,100 tickets as they are building their business and their costs are associated with it. It was a tougher year for all of the industry as the supply chain challenges, labor, everyone getting back to work, getting the security guards, everyone’s costs were up this year. So, that would have affected all artists on the road relative to their revenue. But those seem to have worked their way through the system. So, I don’t see any trend that the emerging or younger artists are having any harder time than any young emerging artists when they are taking those risks building their businesses on the way up. Generally, majority are going to be okay in terms of selling enough tickets, paying the bills and building their business. So, we don’t see any trends in the bottom end, any new trends that would suggest that the club and the emerging artists space isn’t growing. There is more clubs opening up all the time, lots of demand in every market, lots of options for artists to play 500 seats, 1,000 seats. We just know from our venue portfolio on the demand on opening up and building theaters and clubs is bigger than ever. So, that demand wouldn’t be driven if the supply wasn’t there.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I think just on Joe’s point, we are excited to be sitting here. We knew the thesis that you could sell on was that there was an air pocket. We heard that comment a lot ‘23 was an exceptional year. And it was – ‘22, I mean been an exceptional year. The idea that we were able to grow this business for so long on our high-double digits on – high-single digits on our fan base and then to have a year like ‘22, you blow the doors off it, and now to be able to sit here and say, and we think we will still grow on top. We are very proud of our business and our outlook, given the headwinds and the size of the gains we had this year. So, we are looking into now beyond that and how we keep growing the business forward. Venues, I have laid out over the last year or 2 years, we think it’s a great business. We have 300 in our portfolio. It’s a great way to obviously maximize that live event fully when you are vertical. So, we like our global pipeline we have right now. We are seeing a lot of white space where our content can help drive that business case from arenas to amphitheaters to big ballrooms and theaters. So, you will continually see us adding as we have been over the last many years to that portfolio.
Michael Rapino: Thank you everyone. We will see you at our Investor Day in Liberty in November. You can check our website for more details. Thank you.
Joe Berchtold: Yes and – just a few other specifics. As Michael said, our sales for next year are up double digits. I mean if you want to take these three so-called quality references, we’re most up in stadiums which, by their definition are going to be the largest artists that can sell the most tickets. So that would indicate we are off to a good quality start. The other is if we look at tickets sold per show that we have on sale for next year from amps, arenas, stadiums, festivals in all cases, our tickets sold at the on sales are up relative to what they were at this point last year for 2022 shows. So I think those are all good indicators of both the breadth and the depth of the supply that’s going out.
Joe Berchtold: No. We haven’t seen any slowdown. I think it’s different pools of money from strategy. The Sponsorship relationships with us are not decided week-to-week, month-to-month based on what they are trying to get out of performance marketing. These are long-term commitments by major brands. Michael gave you the stats. It’s really being driven by these big multiyear, multi-asset, multimillion-dollar relationships. So we’re up 30% with over half our book of business for next year already filled and not seeing a slowdown. So we’re feeling very comfortable with it.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. We don’t believe there will be any impact whatsoever if there was a nationwide mandate for all-in pricing. We think it makes sense. It just has to be done collectively at the same time. And if you look back and you listen to the comments, the comments were all about transparency, which is really all-in pricing. The commentary was not about fee levels or any of the other issues that some people have brought up. That’s been looked at, and we feel comfortable with what our business model is in that regard. So I think that we will work with the FTC. We will work with the DA in the State of New York, and we’re very supportive of that and some other shifts to make ticketing more transparent and a better consumer experience.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. So again, just to – I mean, to repeat the numbers, which are the mix of supply and demand, which is that our tickets sold for the shows that we have on sale for next year are up consistently across all venue types relative to a year ago. So the demand is absolutely coming for the supply that’s showing up. Now on a broader basis, you’re right, we’ve consistently – if you looked at 2010 to 2019, we’ve consistently grown our business double-digit AOI. In 2011, we grew our business double-digit AOI while fan attendance was down. So we do have a number of other levers, and Michael spoke to those as part of his commentary. We’re continuing to grow our venue base. And fans that shows in our venues are much more profitable than others. We continue to have increased on-site spend. We continue to have pricing as a lever, which drives through both our concerts business and our ticketing business continuing to add globally Ticketmaster clients. And then I’ve given you the numbers on Sponsorship, which we think continues to be a double-digit growth business into the future. So all of those levers on top of the supply-demand dynamic is what gives us confidence as we continue to look to our future of the growth potential.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, Michael, sorry, just to jump back in on you. Again, counter to some of the commentary that I’ve heard out there were also – we’re not dependent on acts that have been around for a long time. If you look at how vibrant the new artists are – I mean, I look at our top artists we’ve had this year, the Harry Styles, Dua Lipas, Billy Eilish, Bad Bunny, Morgan Wallen, The Weeknd, Olivia Rodrigo. These are all artists that are at the early stages of their career. Across, as Michael talked about, all genres, most of those are obviously in arenas and stadiums, but these are tremendous talents that are just showing the breadth of supply that we have in our business.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. Our focus this year has obviously been on the latter of how do we create new assets on this Ticketmaster platform that can continue to drive the economics. And then as you improve your volume of tickets or improve your site visits, the math is just additional growth on top of that. So, we feel like we would view any other platform we own in its own way just a counterpart to the on-site. We have people’s attention through a period of time. We have them going through a purchase process. And all of that is something that we can monetize. We saw a great progress on the platform integrations, particularly around the checkout this year. We think there is earlier upstream. We think there is advertising dollars that can still be significant that we can drive from it. And we are focused much more on how do we use Ticketmaster as a platform to drive its own set of non-service fee revenue streams. And we think that has a long runway.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think as Michael will talk to you, first and foremost, our strategy is to help ours get paid market value for their show. And we are spending more and more on having the people and the data to help them do that. That said, for a lot of reasons that he went over around how they want to build their fan base, how they want to build their brands, they are leaving money on the table. And we are continuing to see that just almost insatiable demand in the secondary market. I talked about average price of a secondary ticket is still almost twice that of a primary ticket. So, that continues to grow, and we continue to price a little bit trying to catch up to that. So, we don’t see the secondary market going away anytime soon, and we are going to be active participants. And I talked, I think last quarter about the fact that we believe the shift to secondary tickets has helped us because it’s just eliminated friction to use us as the secondary platform to buy and sell the tickets. As we get better and better with that Ticketmaster app, you can manage your tickets, you can sell them, you can buy them on our secondary. As all of that gets easier and easier, I think that just naturally continues to build the business with us.
Joe Berchtold: As regards to the consent decree, we have an ongoing discussion. We have an external monitor who we have regular dialogue with. We have an internal monitor who oversees everything. We are very happy that we have got an active dialogue now, which is what was lacking in the first 10 years post our merger. We feel good about all of those discussions. I don’t think there is anything structural, substantive that we are finding that’s inconsistent with the message that we send all of our people, which is these are independent decisions on promotion and ticketing and the two shouldn’t be tied together. So, we feel good about that process that we have with them. As we look at Ticketmaster, I think it’s continuing to be successful because it’s a very effective platform. I think if you look at – again, we have talked a lot over the past few quarters about because of our continually improving in high-quality platform, both for the enterprise side as well as the customer side, particularly internationally, that’s differentiated and driving a lot of wins internationally. North America, where it’s more a mature market, you need to be able to compete on price in addition to features. And I think our business has shown that we can continue to scale that, grow it and do so very profitably.
Joe Berchtold: So, just technically, Peter, just to answer your first question, I think the way that we have laid out the story in the release and then Michael talked about it is, first, he talked about the fact that ticket sales are up. He talked about the sponsorship growth. And then he said, in addition to those, there are a number of other levers that we have to continue to grow the business. So, I don’t think he ever said anything that said we weren’t – the fan growth didn’t come into this. At this point, looking at ‘23, yes, we have got some of the stadiums we talked about high growth in arenas. Some of that’s booked. It’s still somewhat early for the second half of the year. But macro in terms of our pipeline for next year, it would account for more fans than we had going into this year. The hard part that we have is just sorting out because of the shows that were rescheduled, trying to figure out how many of those were naturally flown into this year versus not. But we are feeling very good about the attendance levels for next year. Michael will talk about the venues.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think digital ticketing at this point is nearly ubiquitous in North America. It has grown rapidly internationally. It’s still a year or 2 years behind. I would expect this to be pretty much there sometime between next year and maybe the year after, just depending a bit by market. And as it’s gotten established, it’s already helped us in a number of areas. I talked about secondary a few minutes ago. So, we are seeing some direct benefits as we continue to improve the ability in terms of how fans manage their tickets. I think you will continue to see more products get added on to the app. They continue to improve what the fan – how the fans can manage their tickets. And then it sets us up for the advertising and up-sells that we have been talking about. And we now have enough scale. We started doing some things this year at scale, working with sponsors who want to deliver value on site to our fans, working with the concert side of the business to enable direct up-sells. And I think all of those features that come from having a direct connection to the people actually attending the shows will be a key focus for how we continue to drive our sponsorship business over the next few years.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. And I think you see part of that as we talked about what is our non-Ticketmaster, what’s our non-service fee revenue that we are driving and the fact that, that’s up double digits from ‘19. This is all a part of that.
