Elizabeth Willard: We are just -- we're paid a fee on each ticket we sold. Those have been excluded all year. So there's no change in that methodology, David. We're just trying to make that clear that those are not in the ticket sales. 
Elizabeth Willard: It's overall. Obviously, the timing of the NBA lockout was not as impactful. The concert ticket sales were, but overall Ticketmaster had higher ticket sales than we had expected at that time, and we're very pleased with the reduced impact of the NBA. 
Elizabeth Willard: I mean, remember that's not significant because most of those earnings were recognized in '11. So it's really... 
Elizabeth Willard: No, it's not the same impact. It's still a substantial number, and these are not -- it's not a settlement accrual like we did in Q3. It's ongoing litigation cost for that particular case is getting -- heating up. It was pretty much dormant in 2010, and so we're incurring those costs in -- more of those costs in 2011. 
Elizabeth Willard: Yes. I mean, you can see more of the details in the K, but that case will be continuing through 2012 and the future. 
Michael Rapino: I'm sorry, David. David, just to add to that. As you can see, it was a -- we've had an early start to the concert year in general. So both December and in January, a lot have be-gone sales have happened, which is great for our business. So they got some relief from the concert side to cover up for the NBA fall. 
Michael Rapino: I mean in general, you can say yes. I mean, probably net overall, there might be a few pennies on overall average ticket price, history would say. But we don't expect any of our -- any revenue coming so much from the ticket prices going up. Now we might dynamically price it better and get some of the overall ticket revenue increase from the higher end of the market. But in our assumptions, we would believe that both ticketing industry and concerts look to be able to end this year in single-digit growth, when we were probably predicting a flat year. 
Michael Rapino: Well, I can -- we'll have to use 2011 as a basis to answer that. I think there was concern 12 to 18 months ago about Ticketmaster's ability in this evolving technology landscape to continue to compete. And we know -- and I think we hopefully put a lot of that to rest right now with a 102% renewal rate. So I would say that we're always humble, we're always waking up every day paranoid, we're making sure we're equipped to handle the future, but we think that what we're doing with master [ph] and what that team has done over the last year of injecting a new life into that great platform, that we're very, very confident we will continue to maintain our leadership position on the ticketing side, from a technology side as we start to roll out our apps, our mobile kind of extensions in that business. We think that's going to continue to grow and excel that business. So as we're holding on to the overall business and spending and reinvesting in our core technology, we're very confident that between now and our new technology rolling out over the next 2 years, that we will continue to be by far the innovator and the leader in this space and our scale will continually be a competitive advantage to us. 
Michael Rapino: Well, a few questions. On dynamic pricing, we look at it in a few ways, but let's call it the most important way, which is the Pricemaster tool, which is our joint venture with MarketShare that powers that world-class technology. As we have mentioned in earlier calls, we spent 2011 finalizing that technology, the interface, making it very easy for anyone to use. I mean the UI is incredibly simple for a venue manager, promoter or manager to use. So '11 was about getting it developed, testing it, and we tested it amongst sports teams and concert venues with great success, both in the interaction of it and the end result. So we're looking in 2012, obviously, it's always easier to get adoption in-house. So it's easier for us to walk across the street, educate all of our promoters on this incredible tool and get them in their hands and on the computer using and selling it for 2012 concert season. So most of our promoters have been through all the training, understand the tool, can easily sell it now when they're talking to the artist about their summer season. And obviously, because the artist controls the ticket price in the end, it's a conversation with the artist to make sure that they're comfortable having an ongoing, scalable, flexing ticket price that's matching market demand. And we've had a great success, I think. I don't know if Irving is still on, but I know he's talked about it publicly before, that his roster of artists all understand and support the concept. So we're very excited that 100 shows already have artist approval, and we'll be testing our dynamic pricing fairly deeply on the concert side this year. 
