Elizabeth Willard: It is partially driven by the Olympics and the Paralympics, which their recorded ticket fees and basically dropped the bottom line. We did have some cost of fulfillment, but majority of those costs are covered by the initial sales. And then overall, just the increase in overall ticket sales from the primary and the secondary would have some impact on that as well. 
Elizabeth Willard: Sure. So on your first question, we actually do give the breakdown on the acquisition impacting Concerts in the Q as well. So you're asking on DOE, and the acquisition piece of that was about $57 million of the increase. The rest of it is really driven by festival investment, some of the European festivals and then also just timing of how the global tours are working out this year that there'll be some blending between Q3 and Q4 on that. That's really the biggest driver on that. On your Ticketing question, what you're seeing is that the eliminations between activity for Concerts and Ticketing, the elimination was changed where we moved it out of -- it was within Ticketing before. We've now broken that out and we're doing with the eliminations to better show intersegment revenue. So that’s just a fix to how it's presented in the past to make it consistent with this year's presentation to get that Concerts and Ticketing activity reported as cleanly as possible. No change in overall numbers, and that would have just been revenue and direct operating expenses that were impacted. 
Elizabeth Willard: No, it impacts how it's reported from a segment standpoint. It's just the sharing of the rebates between Concerts and Ticketing and how that's booked between Ticketing, revenue and Ticketing direct operating expenses versus the elimination company. That's why the total numbers don't change at all. 
Michael Rapino: It's always a mixture. I think we've shown over the last 7, 8 years when we've gone from prior historical event flow and ticket flow that we've been able to do a combination of both. So we have a great platform in place. So as you've seen this year, every time we organically start a festival from scratch, it's incremental tickets. So when you do MIA in Philadelphia from scratch, it's 85,000 new tickets organically. So we've been able to use our platform to launch a lot of festivals around the world, and we continue to -- and we will continue to do that. We're also able to -- in Korea, we walked in organically in Korea, set up an office there and have been able to build a nice business there and add a few hundred thousand in incremental tickets out of the blocks. So we're looking at a lot of other key markets where we think we can enter, some organically, some with a bolt-on. So we would look at the 5 million as a combination of organic and bolt-on via event creation and via small bolt-ons. 
Michael Rapino: The market, I know Bob is out there or others, there's always been somebody out there. So we haven't seen any difference in the marketplace as we've seen over the years. If you got a great festival and you've got a strong position in the market, you probably can get a couple of people bidding. But we haven't seen anything dramatically change in terms of multiple expansions when we're looking at options. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, you said it best. I think we've seen the exact same playbook play out over there as we did here. And as we've shown you 2 years in a row, we can self-adjust the model and return to what we have in North America. We don't think it's prevalent across all of Europe as we've seen in kind of the -- in 2010 U.S. pullback. But we definitely, in Southern Europe, Spain, Italy, some of the obvious markets, we're tougher coming into August than any other year. So we think we have room in the model. We think 2 things happened that the market tends to self adjust itself because as I've said in prior years, the artist has the greatest motivation to make sure the house is full. So it usually starts with ticket pricing and making sure that everyone is pricing the house for maximum sellthrough next year. So I think you're going to see a lot of those conversations going on for next year about what should the ticket price be. And that's what happened with the catalyst to change in '11. So I think we can self-regulate by adjusting the ticket prices to make sure we can match the market economics. We've got -- the good news about our European business is we have over 54 festivals and the vast majority of them are established and very profitable. We'll probably -- into '13, we usually try to start 5 or 6 organic festivals a year in that marketplace, which tend to be an investment strategy and you hope that 50% of them end up being winners long run. So you'll see in '13, we just won't take any of those risks. We'll let the market settle down. We'll cut back on our risky organic strategy. We'll cut some costs, and we'll make sure that we get the pricing of the product right across the portfolio. We think we get that playbook in place there. We'll start to see the market come back by next year. 
Michael Rapino: Well, we're not going to go through the detail today, but we'll start to get more detailed as we head into '13. I think if you've seen the presentation, we kind of isolated those drivers at the end. I'll start backwards to front. Obviously, Ticketmaster, where we're spending the investment on our platform, the higher-margin business we think is obviously the largest contributor from 2 functions. One, we can just run a very efficient business when that new platform is in place so that per ticket savings just hits the bottom line directly, so that's a big AOI pickup. And we're very bold on as we roll out our new B2B products online and mobile, we're going to tick up that secondary business and take a good bite out of that business and drop back to our bottom line. So the biggest spend in our business right now priority-wise has been around Ticketing, and we would look at that as being those 2 initiatives as being the larger part of the $150 million. Then you add on 2 components, Sponsorship being next because the more tickets we have, the more robust our platform is, the easier it is for my sales guys to sellthrough online and customize programs. So that we expect to continue to grow at higher rates as we improve our technology platform. And then the fourth, being the final, is the smaller of the 4, would be the increased ticket volume across our platform of Concerts. Now as you know, Concerts end up being the engine to the train. The more tickets, the more concerts we do, the better Ticketmaster does in terms of renewals and the higher sponsorships we do because of the flow-through. So we think the Ticketing is the absolute priority to our business, both from an investment and a return perspective. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, we sure hope and believe this is the final extension. We're pretty confident now that the judge will deliver the verdict by the end of the year. We are still confident in our position. We've had many discussions, and we think that we're still going to have a verdict that is in our favor or we would have probably looked at other options by now, but we believe seeing through the process is the best option for shareholders. 
Michael Rapino: So I'll start with the first question on mobile. We've -- in general, the nice part about our mobile strategy versus maybe other companies that are struggling in terms of how to transfer to that channel, our economic strengths were 100%. So whether the face value or the service fee, it's the exact same price at mobile or online. So that's the good news because as you know, others are having difficulty figuring that one out. Our ticket is obviously -- this is a product that's made for mobile phones, meaning a consumer doesn't need a lot of descriptions or pictures to figure out if they want to buy that ticket. So we're seeing huge interest, and we'll continue to move to mobile. So the economics and the revenue stay the same. Economics on the cost generally stay the same for now. I envision the asset when we're talking, 3, 4 years from now, when a higher majority percent of the tickets are on mobile, we'll probably be able to realize some efficiencies as we move to a mobile platform versus an online or as we pick up any of those remaining retailer phone sales that people will start to gravitate to a mobile phone. So I think long term, it's a cost-benefit to our business if you're all -- if the high majority of our tickets are sold on mobile. As far as the second, on StubHub, we don't disclose or track that specifically. Generally, you could say that probably most of our tickets, if they are good ticket, end up in a secondary market. So probably a high, high majority of our sports and music shows that are first sold at Ticketmaster end up somewhere on a secondary site, which is why we think we have an incredible opportunity to add some value at that juncture. 
Michael Rapino: No, we're lucky. We've -- thankfully, as I said somewhere in the quote, thankfully, it was the fall on a Monday and Tuesday or midweek. We had a big weekend, the weekend before which was successful, obviously. But in general, if you look across Ticketmaster, Live Nation canceled shows obviously, a vast majority of those end up getting rescheduled. So you pick that back up at some point. But in general, we've been lucky in overall cost cancelation, insurance, et cetera, as maybe a few hundred thousand dollars to our bottom line but nothing significant. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, I mean, it's a -- right now, it's a Ticketmaster business issue, not so much of a Concert division. We've obviously -- it would be like -- I would like to be selling NHL tickets. But as of right now, if the -- let's just call that if the business doesn't happen by the end of the year, Ticketmaster total impact is probably a couple of million dollars. We don't see right now any dramatic pick up in events tapping in those dates. I guess if the year was up completely declared over, you'd start to see it. But I think the NHL Arena owners are still on a standby basis. So there's not much opportunity to book new shows in right now. 
Michael Rapino: Well, listen, Sponsorship is by far one of our most profitable, highest-margin and consistently growing bottom line businesses over the last few years. We've been growing AOI at double-digit growth for years. So we think that that business will continue to have great runway. We're continuing to find better ad units within our platform. We've had a great new business by online, and we think mobile is a whole new opportunity for us. So we continue to be very bullish with Sponsorship advertising. It will continue to be a growth business for us. We actually, in Europe, did not see the effect of a slowdown. We saw it, obviously, on the Concert ticket side but we did not see it in the Sponsorship side to date. So we will finish 2012 in Europe Sponsorship fairly unscathed by the European slowdown. 
