Michael Rapino: If I'm not -- so we said the secondary growth was up 44% year-to-date. I'm not sure I fully understood the question. But the margin profile, as we've said, is very consistent with our primary tickets. We have margins that we expected, over time, as that business scales, to be consistent with kind of that rather mid-20s range.
Michael Rapino: Amy, it's Michael. I didn't -- we don't -- we've historically just not commented on our acquisitions until we close them. I think it would be fair to say, we've been very vocal on our priorities over the last couple of years, that we are continuing to grow our global Concerts business, whether that means the festival channels, like we did with EDM. We've been very clear that we've been underserviced in our festival business in the U.S. There's a big hole for our business, which really drives our Ticketing and then Sponsorship, and we're going to continue to grow internationally. So I can't comment on the rumors, but it would make sense that we would be looking to acquire a strong festival company in the U.S. that we've outlined already as a priority for us for cash flow, and we're going to continue to rally it. There is a lot of great global opportunities and sizable ones in the Ticketing and Concerts space that would continue to supercharge our growth if the price and the return was at the right level.
Michael Rapino: Yes. That's why we tried to give you some very specific numbers in terms of being up 10% on a contracted revenue basis relative to last year, to give you some comfort but even though what we have recognized thus far year-to-date is at a lower trend, we gave you that, we're over 90% sold and we're up 10% year-on-year. So we think that should give some comfort that we will continue to grow at that historical rate that we've done in the past few years. So it will be more fourth quarter backloaded this year.
Michael Rapino: Well, in the ecosystem, we're -- we know that any way we can continue to add ad units to our advertising businesses, how we very clearly outlined how we continue to grow. So one of the holes in our portfolio to date has been that video. So Yahoo! was able to provide us enough eyeballs with our content. So my advertising team now, when they're walking in to deliver against those RFPs, has an ad unit on video. So our Sponsorship business was sole benefit of that strategy. And then on a secondary point, we don't have any evidence yet that, that scale that would've mattered. But we do know from our research that the average fan, when he's debating about going to a concert, the casual fan, he spends a couple of weeks shopping. And we know that the #1 way that you can get a casual fan to press the buy button is by a live video of that artist, is a very stimulating conversion tool. So we do know is the more we scale and bring a high-quality live experience to the fan and add a buy button, we know it's also a great conversion mechanism for our core business. So it will be core benefit. It's a sponsorship ad unit, and a longer-term benefit is conversion around the ticket.
Michael Rapino: That will be all basically organic because we had the full year in. So we started -- we launched -- as we do every year, we organically launch across the globe from our various 30, 40 markets, we launch 8 to 10 festivals a year and organically see which one of those ones are able to sustain M.I.A. in Los Angeles. We launched the country one in Detroit and we launched a few across the U.K. and Europe. So mostly organic and continuing -- we'll continue to do both organic and bolt-ons to remain as the leader in the Festivals segment.
Michael Rapino: Well, first of all, our revenue is so big on our main line business that affecting the bottom line margin on our business, even with 65 festivals or 100 festivals, is always just a hard math game because of our massive growth across our 25,000-plus main line shows. But your core -- the core to the question is why we're in Sponsorship and Festivals. Remember, a concert may have a 4% margin business at the door, but the -- an amphitheater concert may be 4% on the door, but still it's a 20%, 30%, 40% margin business when you add sponsorship to it. So we know that when you have any type of concert where you control the environment, your sponsorship is going to be highly accretive to that proposition. So festivals in Europe are driven by sponsorship, and so our U.S. ones and they are a key product, if you want to call, to grow your core Sponsorship business.
Michael Rapino: Yes. Belgium is a perfect example of why our model and our scale works. We have a very large Festivals and Concerts business in Belgium. We have not had a concert -- hadn't had any Ticketing business in Belgium so we are always weighing the options of buying the large one, starting our own or finding a smaller acquisition that provides us a faster ramp-up, and Belgium was the perfect example where we were able to find a relatively inexpensive backroom. And overnight, we have our content now with our Ticketmaster support from U.K. to be now a legitimate ticketing and concert business in Belgium. So we're always looking where we have content. In those 40 markets around the world, we would have an ongoing business development assessment on launch it or buy it and what's the best return, and Belgium is an example where that came to life and you'll continue to see that model and those -- of those 2 extremes come together. Eventjoy is similar to what we originally did with TicketWeb. We believe that Ticketmaster+ is a -- obviously, a fabulous mainstream brand that's going to continue to do and service its mainstream clients. We have a great company in TicketWeb that's out there every day fighting other competitors on the GA [ph] club business. And we knew that we need a do-it-yourself product to be able to enter that subspace. We wanted again to enter at a fairly low risk to understand the category. And then the magic with our scale is we like to go in low cost, learn and then provide the scale of Ticketmaster to excel the growth. So Eventjoy, a really strong product team. We like the individuals. We like the product. We're going to learn a lot about that space this year, and we're already looking at ways that we can help attach the fire hose to propel that business in that space.
Michael Rapino: Yes. So I think as we've talked, this is redoing it as we go, modules being replaced like by new modules. So there are no training wheels in the approach that we've taken. We are redoing the pieces as we go. I think we'll have complete products in our Concerts segment before long that won't have any of remnant core components of inventory management or e-commerce to them, and then we'll roll it out, aligned with the timing of the sports leagues to those teams over the next couple of years.
