Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first concerts. Live Nation concerts revenue in the third quarter was up 9% and AOI was up 6% on a constant currency basis. The revenue growth was driven by a 10% increase in attendance at our shows for the quarter, specifically our amphitheaters had over 10 million fans that attend 1,100 shows, is an all-time high, up over 1 million fans from Q3 last year. Arena attendance was up 30% to over 4 million fans for the quarter and festival attendance for Q3 was a record of 3.5 million fans. This translated into a record summer, looking to Q2 and Q3 for concerts with 40 million fans attending 12,000 shows globally, 9% higher attendance than last year. For the full year, we expect to deliver record attendance, increasing by about 3 million fans with 25,000 shows. And as a result, we expect to deliver strong double-digit AOI growth in our concerts business for the full year. At Artist Nation, revenue was up 6% for the quarter and 9% year-to-date at constant currency as we have been successful in growing our artist management and related businesses. AOI for the quarter is up 39% as we continue investing in new business lines, notably in sports management. And for the full year, we expect to deliver high single-digit revenue growth with Q4 largely in line with last year. Turning to our sponsorship and advertising business. Our sponsorship and advertising revenue for the third quarter grew by 17% and AOI was up 16% at constant currency. 62% of our revenue growth this quarter came from festival sponsorship, which increased 39% year-on-year at constant currency and festival sponsorship growth this year came primarily from increased monetization of our fans as we grew revenue per fan by 33% globally at constant currency. With over 95% of our sponsorship and advertising net revenue contracted for the year, we continue to expect full year AOI growth in the low teens at constant currency. Finally, Ticketmaster. For the quarter, Ticketmaster revenue was up 16% and AOI was up 18% as global GTV increased 18%, all at constant currency. Primary GTV for the quarter was up 18% with a 12% increase in fee-bearing ticket sold. We continue to expect low to mid single-digit growth in primary fee bearing ticket volume and high single-digit growth in primary GTV for the year. Secondary GTV was up 22% for the quarter and it is up 40% year-to-date. Given the seasonal timing of sport, most of our secondary growth in the third quarter came from the concert segment, which was up 42%. Q4 will again be our biggest quarter for secondary GTV here in the NFL, NBA and NHL exchanges and we expect continued momentum in the quarter with ongoing double-digit growth rates in secondary GTV. We also continue to see strong fan response to our integrated primary and secondary offering on Ticketmaster with conversion rates 30% higher than primary only offering. The combination of primary and secondary GTV growth along with improved cost structure now gives us confidence, our ticketing business will deliver high single-digit AOI growth for the year. In summary, now nine months into the year, we have good visibility into delivering our 2015 plan. At this point of the year, we have most of our shows booked, concert ticket sold, sponsor signed up and visibility to sporting events and concert on sales to be confident on our performance for the year. With regards to FX in the quarter, we saw similar results in the third quarter as we did in the first and second with revenues and AOI both impacted by about 5%. And looking ahead, as we discussed we see strong runway for continued growth across our business lines. Our concert show pipeline for 2016, the earliest indicator we have looks very strong and is up double-digits from this time last year. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: I think things are still largely as planned. Q4 is a very big quarter for us this year in terms of show count, heavily driven on the theaters and club side. So that show count number is high. I think what you saw this summer, as we've talked about in the past, is just a seasonal, temporal, fewer stadiums this year, more amphitheaters, more arenas, more festivals and we think we disproportionally grew and took share during the summer season but largely what we expected in terms of show count attendance.
Joe Berchtold: Well, again, it's not so much size of the venue. It is just – again, we talked about festival sponsorship in the past. We've talked about that's far and away our highest sponsorship per fan. Those are predominantly Q2, Q3 event. But just when you rollout the map that tends to be where you see your growth.
Joe Berchtold: No. I mean, that spending is largely in place and will continue. We expect to start to see more revenue from that next year and in just Q4, trying to give some guidance in terms of level of overall activity.
Joe Berchtold: Kevin, this is Joe Berchtold. There is not a great industry information out there in terms of getting specific on that, but we absolutely believe that we are taking share on a global basis with the quality of product that we're delivering, starting with the joint primary and secondary inventory we're putting on Ticketmaster and then getting into our league exchanges. So we don't have exactness of those numbers, but we absolutely believe with the high growth that we have in that business that we are taking share.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. At its heart, Rich, our job is what the concert promoter and ticketing company is to sell ticket and make sure all the tickets for our artist shows get sold. We've got a host of services to do that ranging from our own fan club services to Ticketmaster, other specialty ticketing services. So, we support the concept of making sure all the tickets are sold. A lot of the technology development that Michael was just talking about at Ticketmaster is focused on creating more of an open platform and enabling the use of APIs on distributed commerce platform to more effectively sell those tickets. So, we think that we will see and we support the notion going forward, whether it's the artists or the teams, they are looking to retail and use other distribution channels as well to make sure we're selling a ticket in every corner possible.
Michael Rapino: Hi, Amy. It's Michael. First of all, I would say we still believe that there are some great acquisition opportunities available across the globe too that we think we can grow our business at a very accretive rate. But aside from that regardless of acquisitions, if you look at the historic business, we have been delivering most of our growth on an organic basis and we think we can continue to do more of that. We're going to do three things that are going to drive organic growth ongoing. Number one is what we talked about always is our advertising business. We think that has great runway because we believe Madison Avenue is going to continue shift more dollars to kind of event-based engaged business. We got a great platform. So we think the tide will rise on more dollars being spent in the events business and we'll continue to capture more of that as well as we grow our digital content business and on the mobile front, we'll be able to attract that. So we believe advertising will organically probably be our highest margin largest growth engine to our business. Ticketing, we believe, it just keeps getting better and better because all of the features and functions and products of our new mobile app coming out in 2016 to our expanded product offering. We just got a very robust roadmap ahead of us and we think all of those features and functions that we roll out across the globe at TM just help drive that conversion and incremental ticket. So that again is a high margin business because it's an incremental ticket against the cost base that's been spent. And three, we mentioned the onsite business. We just hired a Chief Revenue Officer who had a history at both Disney and Universal Theme Parks, who has been analyzing our onsite business. We beta tested these summer, six amphitheaters with a new food and beverage supplier, our new Live Nation at the venue app where it has everything from weekend entry to upgrade your seat to get your beer delivered to your seat, the cashless F&B and we saw some great results this summer when we provide a Wi-Fi connected environment, give that customer, let's call it the magic band, but its built into the app. Giving that customer an easier, frictionless experience onsite both at the festival or amps or House of Blues and we think that will be a big driver of our per head spend. So we think those three areas alone executing better and increased products in all three of those areas would be a big piece of our ongoing forward growth that will continue to drive us to record years.
Michael Rapino: International, we've had no real acquisitions that would be driving activity. Most of those acquisitions in the last year would have been in the U.S. festival space. So, Europe just had strong year as did North America, all organic. As far as ticketing, we've been very, very honest and clear with everyone that we bought a – Ticketmaster has a very old platform. And part of the challenge with the platform was it just wasn't technically enough to grade 2015 web-based platform that lets us just be innovative and flexible and fast. So obviously the biggest part about having a new platform is we get to build an ongoing new mobile business that's much more flexible and can move with the times, meaning today historically when you want to get a new iPad or new iOS update or Android, everything was very expensive and hard on our old platform to move and build. So, the biggest fundamental advantage is our new platform has a much more robust, flexible base to it. For the venues, we have an open API platform strategy there so we can plug-and-play with a lot of their needs whether it's the CRM or security or any partners that they need us to partner with for the venue. Our app will come to life in real terms next year, will be much more robust and convert much higher than our current one. And then at the core of a venue, what the venue really is looking for is a saleforce.com kind of strategy. They want a very robust, but simple user interface to manage their event, to staff their event, to sell their event, to market it, to change the ticket prices, to build it. Our new platform TMOne is very user-friendly. Every venue will have a host of great tools available from pricing, data analytics, search, marketing, publishing. It's a world-class platform that no one in the world would have the robust amount of data and analytical tools to help view the venue, build your show, put it out, market it, distribute it if you want to sell tickets to other partners. It's a very robust platform. It's going to put all the tools now in your hands to be the best at selling, understanding your market, understanding pricing, we believe ultimately selling more tickets because we're putting a lot more tools and data into the hands of every box office and every general manager in a venue.
Michael Rapino: We certainly believe we have a very valuable asset that has lots of expansion ahead of it. Joe will dig in on the second part.
