Michael Rapino: Good afternoon, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. I am joined today by Joe Berchtold, our COO; and Kathy Willard, our CFO. Let me start with overall 2012 financial performance. We delivered revenue and AOI growth across our 3 core businesses of Concerts, Sponsorship and Ticketing. For the company, revenue grew 8%, AOI was up 5% and free cash flow increased 36% for the year. Underlining the solid financial performance is growth in ticket sales and market share in both Concerts and Ticketing businesses with global ticket sales for the year up 4% for Concerts and 5% at Ticketmaster. Our success in 2012 following our growth in 2011 is demonstrating the strength of our live entertainment platform and the resilience of the live business. On a global basis, the industry grew and North America has bounced back from the economic slowdown of a few years ago. We continue to see strong fan demand and growth last year across concerts, sporting and family events, and our market research showing that 90% of fans who attended one of these events last year plan on going to the same or more events this year. From both our results and what the fans are saying, live events continue to show they are inherently non-duplicatable, in high demand and globally transferable. Our business model is based on maximizing ticket sales in the broader ecosystem around the live event. We grow the business by increasing our Ticketing market share and driving these adjacent businesses. As a result, we continue to see 2 core growth opportunities, increasing our 400 million ticket base, which drives our entire vertical economics. We've already have shown strong market positions in North America and Europe and have shown over the past 2 years our ability to continue to grow market share in these markets. And we see further high-growth opportunities and incremental ticket sales in EDM and festivals, secondary ticket and emerging markets, 3 areas we will continue to focus on. The second key to building on our more than 400 million ticketing base is increasing conversion. We've talked before about the 30% of fans that miss the show because they didn't hear about it and the number of tickets that go unsold for most shows. The increase in conversion is the most direct return on our business. Adding one more ticket sale to the 200,000 events across Ticketmaster and Live Nation drops right to our bottom line. As we indicated last fall, we've aligned our business against 5 initiatives to deliver on these core opportunities of increasing market share and conversion. Our first objective is -- has been to grow market share in Concerts and Ticketing by 5 million tickets, through new organic events, global expansion and higher per-event conversion. Second goal is to drive Ticketing conversion per event by shifting our advertising from traditional to more efficient social and digital. Third, we want to grow our market share in secondary, and we will achieve this through our new online mobile product launch this year. Our fourth initiative is to continue to grow our advertising base through higher audience and CPMs. And finally, reduce our ticketing costs by transitioning 400 million tickets on to our updated Ticketing platform starting in 2014. In 2012, we delivered on both market share and conversions objectives. And in 2013, after 2 years of investment in new technology, we will launch new products in the marketplace that will excel these results, and I am confident we're on track to deliver our 3-year plan and I'm reaffirming our guidance of 30% to 35% AOI growth by 2015. I'll now turn this over to Joe Berchtold, our COO, to take you through the performance of each of these initiatives across our business segments and our outlook for 2013.
Michael Rapino: There's a quick question, isn't it, Ben? First of all, we didn't say 5 million a year, we said 5 million over the 3-year we were referring to. I think we're close to a couple of million now of that 5 million. So we would hope that -- if you look at the 2 million out of the 5 million that we've delivered, most of that's organic because the easiest and most effective way for us to get that 5 million is for Ticketmaster and Live Nation to sell a few more tickets to their current shows. So our first objective is always social media, mobile conversion, online conversion, sell more tickets to our current events to get close to that 5 million. So I would say a large majority of it will become or should come organically through better sell-through. And then opportunistically, as we've done in the past, we'll find some tuck-in, bolt-on promoters or ticketing companies either in America or around the world if we think they're strategic to our growth and always looking at our cost of capital and return on those.
Michael Rapino: And I would say, Martin, just to add to that, I mean, the important part for us because when the tide rises, we will gain the most. The business in general over the last 2 years, every artist, every business manager, agent has just gotten smarter about pricing the house. And I would say 2 years ago, everyone was slightly panicked about the economy. It was in a bit of a stalemate. I think today, 80% to 90% of the dates we do, that conversation starts with either, after them initiating, how do we scale the house more effectively, which really means how do we price the front of the house to meet the market and maybe reduce the prices in the back end. But every time an artist participates in that kind of conversation, it's a higher revenue event for us. So I think we've been the leaders, obviously, in the marketplace with our Pricemaster tool, getting over 1,000 artists or 1,000 shows working it through last year. And I think it's becoming a pretty ingrained trend now in the business, which will absolutely help our overall revenue growth.
Michael Rapino: Yes, I would say, Doug, the -- given what Joe has indicated already on our on-sales year-to-date and the tickets sold through the pipe, it's always good to be starting the Q1 with the wind at your back. And we think the pipe looks very strong on a global basis for festivals, amps and the touring business. You've -- obviously, I can only talk about the ones that have been announced. But when you have a Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z stadium tour, it's big business. It's also a nice reaffirmation that there is life in young artists to take the spot of the other stadium acts. Beyoncé sold out in seconds. Pink has been phenomenal, selling out around the world and over 60 dates in Australia alone. Rihanna has been up for sale and selling out very, very clean across-the-board on a global basis. Jimmy Buffett went up last week, which was very strong. One D is strong. Maroon 5. So good point is all timing -- sorry, I should mention country, too, which is probably one of our biggest growth areas for '13. We sell a Megaticket, which is a combination of a bunch of artists. We went on sale a few weeks ago with our Megaticket, and we would typically sell that Megaticket, over about 20 million tickets on an annual basis, and we're already past that 20 million-mark. So you got the Jason Aldean, the Luke Bryan stuff, a huge lineup in country. I think when you look at the whole, the nice part is whether it's a One D young act, whether it's a Jimmy Buffett, whether it's a Rihanna pop act or a country artist, and then I'm leaving the festivals aside, which tend to be more electronic and younger, the portfolio looks very diverse and strong in our pocket. So we expect a strong year in the Concert division, and that, obviously, means a strong year in the ticket part of the Concert business also.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I mean, it's early. I mean, the good news is most of our business in Europe tends to be around our festivals. We're fairly high concentrated in the North. For the South this year, it seems to be holding its own. We're going to the market much smarter this year. We're not taking the risks on a few festivals that we did last year. So I think we'll manage the portfolio of Europe smartly this year and reduce any exposures in the South, whether it turns around or not, and focus on the high-performing, less risky festivals of the North to deliver our total European target.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, this is Joe, Ben. I think that if you refer back to our belief that this year will be up consistent with the past couple of years' growth in AOI, then, obviously, at this point of the year, we've got enough between what we have booked and in the pipeline to give you that guidance.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, Martin, this is Joe. I think first of all, looking at one quarter can be tough, especially on Q4 for us. As Kathy indicated, we had some global tours out. Those tend to be higher ticket prices. So probably, that will create some distortion, just the nature of the tours, particularly in the fourth quarter, more than any of our specific pricing initiatives. That said, I think as we've talked in the past, we've rolled out pretty aggressively our dynamic pricing in our amphitheaters and saw some nice return off of that through the second and third quarter. And we've seen even more success on what we call Platinum pricing, which is where we just start our pricing where we have a number of tickets in the front of the house that are at a premium price. So no doubt that's delivering some real value to our concert business that, frankly, is just coming through more in the second and third quarter.
Joe Berchtold: So just the first half of the question, you got it right. I mean, I said on Sponsorship, that it would be consistent with the past few years. Last year was 9%. The year before that was 12%. So yes, we are talking double digit without giving you an exact number. And then the other comment was that we expect solid -- or we expect strong growth in the Concert business.
