Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at the business segments, first concerts, revenue grew 16% in the first quarter at constant currency, while AOI was down. This revenue increase was driven by growth in fans attending our shows up 22% to 10.9 million, with higher arena and stadium show count both in North America and internationally. AOI was down in part due to our higher cost structure for our concerts business, as we've scaled up our promotions and on-site product teams. We expect to benefit from this investment and the increased activity that will play out in the second and third quarters. To that point, as Michael said, we've already booked over 4,000 amphitheater, arena and stadium shows this year, up 10% from this point last year. And once again, we're promoting the vast majority of the top global tours, led by six tours, each already selling over 1 million tickets so far this year, including Coldplay, U2, Bruno Mars, Depeche Mode, Guns N' Roses and Metallica. We're also continuing to build our global festival portfolio, and this year we expect to hold 96 festivals, increasing our attendance to over 8 million fans. Our international markets continue to have a very strong lineup, and we expect to have 9,000 shows with more than 25 million fans in 2017, continuing to demonstrate the power of promoting artists in 40 countries around the world. From a timing standpoint, part of our ticket sales to-date are driven by the typically earlier on-sale timing for arena and stadium shows. For the full-year, we expect to deliver mid-single digit growth in both show count and attendance. Q2 looks to be particularly strong for both show count and attendance this year, thanks to these arena and stadium shows and some timing of our major festivals. And overall, we're delighted thus far with 2017 continuing to grow our concerts flywheel this year. Turning to our sponsorship and advertising business, revenue grew by 13% and AOI grew by 10% for the first quarter, both at constant currency. Over 85% of our advertising AOI is typically recognized in the second through fourth quarters, so it's our committed sales pipeline that is our key leading indicator for the business at this point, and as Michael noted, 80% of our business expected for the year is already contracted and we're tracking double-digit ahead of this time last year. Finally, Ticketmaster, for the quarter, revenue was up 23% and AOI was up 25%, both at constant currency. Fee-bearing GTV was up 18% to $3.7 billion globally at constant currency and our primary fee-bearing GTV was also up 18% at constant currency, as we increased ticket sales by 11% and pricing was up 6% on average. Both North America and international markets grew ticket volume similarly, with North America up 10% and international up 11%. Not surprisingly, given our comments on a strong quarter for concert sales, our concerts segment drove approximately 60% of the ticket volume growth and 70% of the primary GTV growth for the quarter. In secondary, we grew our GTV 20% for the quarter at constant currency, our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Here two concerts were the primary growth driver accounting for 70% of the increased GTV. Michael pointed to the continued success Ticketmaster is having in attracting more fans to our sites and converting these visits to sales. And one additional point I want to make is on the continued growth of our mobile platform, as we further improve our mobile online experience in apps and we're increasing our traffic, app installs and conversion. And as a result, mobile ticket sales increased 39% year-over-year for the quarter, and overall mobile sales now represents 30% of our global ticket sales. Looking at the full year for ticketing, we expect the first quarter will be our best in terms of year-on-year comparisons, given the volume of concerts we put on sale. Between this strong first quarter and continued success attracting and converting buyers in both primary and secondary ticketing, we expect to deliver a mid- to high-single digit AOI growth for the year. And in summary, four months into the year, given the strength of all our leading indicators, we're confident that we will deliver record results in 2017. Our flywheel business model is working. Our first quarter results were driven by our ticketing business, notably from selling more tickets to more concerts. And in Q2 and Q3, we will see these concerts play-out, driving our high-margin, on-site and advertising businesses. On to few specifics, looking at seasonality, we expect Q2 to be a strong concerts quarter as I noted, and so AOI at a bit higher percentage of our full-year AOI than last year. And on FX, we saw a 1% to 2% impact on the business in Q1. And based on rates today, expect Q2 to be about the same. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. I'll start with the guidance point, Amy. I was talking about the ticketing segment when I was talking about that point, which was that it's been a very strong Q1, because it was disproportionate to arenas and stadiums which tend to go on sale early. So it drove a very high Q1 performance. And then I was just saying, some of that for ticketing segment, not the overall business, was going to balance out for that guidance.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, and Amy, I would just point to Germany, I think it's a great example of how we think about the flywheel working with ticketing, which is we had an offer of ticketing business in Germany, but it wasn't a real substantial one. As we have gone into the promotion side there in a big way, and as Michael said, our Number 2 European market now, we're able to drive a lot of those tickets to the Ticketmaster business, which builds the brand, establishes it, helps to get other clients, and now has a much more – we now have a much more substantial business in Germany. So that's the model we like and we we'll continue to look for opportunities to replicate that.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. Just on the tickets, first of all, what I said was is that North America is up 10%, international is up 11%. So, they're both up. That's the fee-bearing tickets, they're both up strong this quarter. We haven't historically broken out the non-fee-bearing. They tend to be much more North America driven, because they're tied in with season tickets. But that's not really obviously a material driver of our economics. And then on the sponsorship side, we don't give exact breakdowns, but over the course of the year, it's kind of a two-thirds:one-third, 60:40 type of split on the sponsorship, which pretty much aligns with our overall concert business split.
Joe Berchtold: So, take that in a few pieces, Brandon. So first of all, we absolutely think of our business in two pieces as providing that enterprise software solution on the clients, and secondly as providing the e-commerce and selling the tickets. So, just organizationally and thinking about the business, we've absolutely thought about we have two missions, and we have to be great at both missions to ultimately achieve the market share and the positioning that we want to achieve. I think specifically on the commerce side, as you said, taking a step back, Ticketmaster's job is to sell every possible ticket for its sports teams, artists and other content. So the first step in that is our creating the best possible sites, online and mobile, that attract and convert fans. And Michael talked and gave some statistics around the continued success we're having in buildings that. And then the second step is finding additional sales channels to sell incremental tickets. And we've been doing this forever in the Ticketmaster business called Affiliates. It's the technology that now changes and makes that look a little bit differently. But the affiliates that we have today and the ones that we use our API with, the ones like the Facebooks and the Bandsintown, they act as marketing leads for us to then transact the tickets. And our studies have absolutely shown we drive incremental sales through those marketing leads. And then the second step for us is we're looking at other commerce sites that we're confident will sell incremental tickets generally against a different database, a different customer that they can reach on some sort of advantaged basis generally with a different value proposition. And I think Groupon is our most successful example here, where they've gotten a different ticketing offer to a different customer, and again, track and analyze the highly incremental sales force. So I mean rather than give a specific answer about any other specific player, really the point is, if we are convinced that we can sell incremental tickets for our clients, then we will look at any platform. But that is the basis by which we make that assessment.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. Absolutely, we use the social profile as part of it. The challenge is that they're continually having to scrape and delete false accounts as well. And in the rush of an on-sale or over what could be a day or so, you don't want to be dependent on any single point. So we'll take a social sign-in along with other data, put it against our proprietary database against all of our fans, all of our fan data, and use our own scoring system to try to create what we think is the most fair, best way to get the tickets to the fans. And then I would also say that it's going to be a continually evolving process, because once the scalpers figure out your algorithm, if they can back into it, you have to update it, change it and continually renew it.
Joe Berchtold: No. So, I don't think we've given guidance for the overall business. We gave guidance on sponsorships that that will continue at historical rates, and on ticketing, that will be mid- to high-single digit AOI growth. I think those are the two pieces we've given guidance on.
Joe Berchtold: And then on the Q2, Q3, I think the best way to frame this, Q3, look, the whole summer looks very solid, looks very strong, lots of growth. Q2, and frankly Q1 was – well, we talked about the big growth in attendance – is where we have seen and we are confident on the very high level of growth. We expect Q3 to be as good or better than last year. It's just that Q2 was even stronger.
Michael Rapino: Amy, on ticketing. On ticketing, Amy, I mean, I think our numbers speak for it. We are continuing to grow our secondary business. That's pretty much a two-way race in ticketing. And as we've quoted before, Ticketmaster, historically was late to this party, and we've been making – the pie has been getting bigger and we've been increasing our market share continually year-over-year. And we're going to continue to do that for one reason, we have incredible primary scale at our store. So we have lots of customers that are going to come on a on-sale looking for a ticket in primary, that for 38 years we had a closed store, and now we have, most of the times, we have a secondary ticket option for that customer. So the more inventory we keep activating at our store called tm.com is how we're going to keep growing our GTA, more and more sports teams, venues and artists are adopting the idea of having a secondary option available in the primary purchase flow. So we think we have more inventory to activate and the double-digit growth we've been expensing year-over-year, we would expect secondary growth to be a strong growth driver for years to come. Second point is, we're only getting started in the European global side of the business, where we're seeing great growth, where we weren't last to get to the market, in most of those cities, Londons and UKs and Germanys, we are first or it's a still very new market that we're entering. So we think we have a lot of runway on a global basis to grow secondary business. About 40 countries we promote in, we would be in about 29. But let's call it 15 to 16 of strong ticketing markets right now for us. So you could see that there's great opportunity to keep driving ticketing growth through our content business in those 40 markets.
Michael Rapino: Well, in the UK, where it has always been an allocation market, we would be feeding them some tickets, I think maybe 3%, 4% tickets, most in the UK, allocates out to a host of retailers. So we would be doing that and allocating across multiple platforms. Ticketmaster is still selling the large majority of the tickets, but then we allocate out to lots of retailers in the UK. So that would be the only market where Amazon would be selling a few tickets. In the rest of the world, we continue to look at our APIs, top partner strategy, from Groupon to Spotify to other partners and we'll continue to look at the right incremental partnership.
Michael Rapino: Always fun, John. I haven't looked at their latest data. They're obviously Number 1 in Germany. That would be the only place that they would be Number 1 in. We would be Number 1 across Europe on concerts and I would assume total ticket sales. But regardless, we're in 40 countries with scale and they are a very strong German company with some market expansion through Europe. But we're competitors. We compete on the concert and the ticketing side. Good news is the pie is growing for everybody. So I assume they're doing well, and we think we can pick up a lot more share in Germany and the rest of the world, regardless of what their activity is.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, we never officially talk whether we renewed Jay or not. That's just good speculation post that was running. But for the record, yes, we are not in the 360 business; we haven't been for years. We're in the long-term securing touring business. And Jay has been an incredible partner of Live Nation. And we hope to be in the Jay-Z, and assume to be in the Jay-Z touring business for a long time, where we both can do what we do best.
Michael Rapino: But it wouldn't be marginally up or down to make a difference to the core numbers you're reading, Doug.
