Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Before I get into the division numbers, as a reminder, we're now comping against Q2, 2017, which was our highest AOI growth quarter ever, with $40 million or 22% overall AOI growth, including 51% Concerts AOI growth and 21% Sponsorship AOI growth. Against that backdrop, this quarter was our third largest AOI growth quarter ever, with AOI up another 18%. Getting into our business segments, first Concerts, Live Nation Concerts' AOI in the second quarter was up 13% and revenue was up 6%. Driving that growth, Concerts had its highest second quarter attendance ever, including arena attendance growth of 17%, with over 7.5 million fans, amphitheater attendance growth was up 14% and is trending to grow by 3 million fans this year, and global festival attendance was up 3% across 33 festivals in the second quarter, with record crowds at 14 of these festivals. Looking to the full year, again, this year we expect to promote about 20 of the top 25 global tours and we have already sold almost 70 million tickets for shows this year through July, an increase of 4%, consistent with our expectation of surpassing 90 million fans for the full year. Our pipeline of amphitheater and arena shows continues to be very strong with over 5,000 shows booked through July, up 18% compared to this point last year. Festival ticket sales are up double-digits through July and we expect our 100-plus festivals will host almost 9 million fans this year. Coming off the biggest stadium year in the history of the company in 2017, we expect our stadium show count and attendance will be a bit lower this year, but will still be our second-largest stadium year ever, with over 250 shows globally. As we now have good visibility into the full year, we expect double-digit growth in amphitheater on-site spending, increased ticket pricing and mid-single digit growth in fan attendance, and we are therefore confident that we will again deliver solid double-digit growth of Concerts' AOI for the full-year. Turning to our Sponsorship & Advertising business, our Sponsorship business benefited from our Concerts flywheel, helping drive AOI up 14% this quarter, while revenue was up 12%. In the second quarter, over 60% of the AOI growth was from Sponsorship, split fairly evenly between North America and International. Our North America online business drove the remaining AOI growth for the quarter, driven by new ad units in the financial services category. Based on the Sponsorship & Advertising net revenue now contracted for the year, we're confident we will again deliver double-digit AOI growth for the full-year. Finally, Ticketmaster, for the second quarter, Ticketmaster AOI was up 15% and revenue up 13%. Total global GTV was up 7% for the quarter and global fee-bearing GTV was up 11%. This came from a 9% increase in primary GTV and 29% growth in secondary GTV. North America was the primary driver of our fee-bearing GTV growth, up 15% for the quarter. Concerts activity continues to be the primary driver of GTV growth, accounting for approximately 80% of primary GTV growth so far this year and secondary growth was also heavily driven by concerts, with sports, and notably, the NFL also providing material growth in the quarter. Based on our results for the first half and our second half pipeline, we expect Ticketmaster to deliver high-single digit AOI growth for the full year. In summary, now more than halfway through the year, we are confident that 2018 will be another year of record top line and AOI results overall and for each of our businesses. On a few specifics, we expect Q3 AOI overall to be up low-double digits, and on FX, we had a 1% to 2% positive impact on the business in Q2 and expect to largely give back in Q3 what we gained in Q2. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: And Brandon – yeah, Brandon, just giving you a few specific numbers, again, as Michael mentioned, amph and arena pricing is up double-digit so far this year. And at this pace, we'll deliver another $500 million this year to artists, and we think that's maybe 10% of the secondary opportunity. So, long runway to continue doing it, as we continue to get better and better pricing models and artists get more comfortable that they're the ones who should be getting that money as opposed to brokers.
Joe Berchtold: No, there is no cost limitation on it. It's just the ramp up. We expect fairly quickly for it to become the standard access control system.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, this is Joe. We tend to see Q1 and Q4 as our largest quarters. Q4 is when the on-sales for the next summer starts, particularly driven by stadiums, and then in the Q1 for the arenas, and later in Q1 for the amphitheaters, and generally the size is a bit smaller in Q2 and then the smallest in Q3. So Q2 has got the trailing end of the amphitheaters and arenas and they're closed for the summer. And then Q3, you tend to have a lot less going on sale. So, less activity from the concert side.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. These are not overly expensive systems frankly, our access controls. Our Presence systems are more standardized in terms of off-the-shelf components. So tend to actually be less expensive to deploy than it was for us to deploy our traditional systems. So, we don't think it's a meaningful cost, it's all within the CapEx estimates that Kathy is giving you, which is, I think sort of within our normal overall spending range.
Joe Berchtold: Absolutely, there are benefits, as we get the data from the digital ticketing in terms of who the individuals are, their behavior, that has a substantial unlocking the marketing on both the Ticketmaster and the Concert side, and also provides substantially more value for our sponsors in terms of their ability to understand who exactly they're engaging with. I don't think we're ready yet to declare the timing on those benefits. But there's no question that those benefits will be an important driver of our business in years to come.
Joe Berchtold: I think what we've said is, we're very focused on getting that number to at least $30 to put us on parity with the major sports teams, and once we get to $30, we'll reassess and give you guys the guidance and direction from there.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. Just to correct one specific comment, it was a vendor of ours was breached. Ticketmaster systems were not breached. It resulted in the loss of some of our customer data, low single-digit percentage of our customers on a global basis. We're obviously working with the ICO, which is the EU GDPR body as they need to look at this. We do not expect any impact that will be material, given the number of people impacted, given our insurance profile, we don't see it as being a material risk.
Joe Berchtold: So the systems are all on immediately as you deploy them, and the systems are effectively, they're backward compatible. So, in general, to the extent there are any trailing PDFs out there, the systems can still take those and then on a go-forward basis, as it switches to all digital or a combination of digital and some sort of RFID or other stocks, then it can take those as well. So as we deploy them into our amphitheaters this summer, that was exactly how it worked, because there have been on-sales that had PDFs, those systems had to be able to be backwards compatible, taking those tickets as well.
Joe Berchtold: I think we've always said we expected to have fan growth this year. It's just that we didn't expect as many stadiums as we had last year. So, just was trying to make that clear that it is our second biggest year, because we didn't want too much read into it.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, absolutely. Theaters and club business has continued to be very strong for all the reasons that David alluded earlier in his question. So to us, it's all positive.
Joe Berchtold: No. It would be small, small, small. In the scheme of our 32,000 shows, you've seen everything that we've acquired. There's nothing that really is a dramatic, move the needle in terms of that fan base.
Joe Berchtold: I think we see there still being quite a substantial runway in terms of the opportunity. We've given you guys most of the information on amphitheaters, so they've been making nice progress. But as we really think in terms of the best-in-class hospitality, we think there's still substantial runway there. Festivals, again, there's some great ones like the BottleRocks out there, that are just phenomenal at how they're driving F&B and their overall average per fan spending. And as we bring more of that DNA into our other 100 festivals, still see a lot of ways to go in terms of driving those numbers.
Joe Berchtold: And then the other thing is just, we think that there's a lot of latent demand on top of the actual market today, especially for the top global talent that there hasn't had necessarily been the infrastructure to promote them through all of the markets. And as we do that, we think that will just build the market. So, that's the other reason that just makes it hard to give real, firm market share numbers today.
Michael Rapino: And thanks, Brandon. No, I don't think the context is that we've been holding back the International growth. The great news is the U.S. business has continued to grow at exceptional rates. So we look at both a global footprint of huge International opportunity long term, but we also see in the U.S. a market that still has great runways and a lot of markets that we're still not in, cities within the U.S., sponsorship and pricing, monetization and amphitheaters alone as we keep talking about, that's going to be a big growth driver for us for the next few years as we increase per heads. So the U.S., we've just continually executed across our platform, been able to grow it and drive both revenue and AOI, while we've been equally growing the International business both at TM, Sponsorship and Concerts. So we think over long term, like most businesses that are global, we think that the International opportunity will continue to be a long-term great opportunity from a revenue and AOI. You've seen us move into markets like South America and Asia, South Africa and Eastern Europe, and those markets were relatively zero market share, will continue to be great long-term opportunities. So we think the business both is a U.S., Canadian opportunity for the next 5 years at minimum to keep monetizing our current business while we grow it and we'll keep growing internationally across our businesses. We don't see any real capital constraints. There has never been an acquisition or a bolt-on or something that we want to do that our balance sheet hasn't afforded us. As you know that, I think the beautiful story of Live Nation is we're not looking for large acquisitions outside of the core, it's still a very fragmented, mom-and-pop business on a global basis. So we've been able to take advantage of our bolt-on strategy, whether it's in Philadelphia or Milan, whether it's a festival or concert promoter or a venue. We can buy those with our current balance sheet. We're really good at synergizing those on a global basis and making them accretive very fast. So, we don't see any constraints to our balance sheet. We have a lot of capacity left on our balance sheet. But at the end of the day, most things we're looking to buy are going to be accretive, because they're down the center field of our core business. And when we buy a festival in Milan, a promoter in South Africa, we're bringing instant revenue and AOI to that business from our ticket sponsorship and content pipe. So continue to see growth both global, U.S. and our current balance sheet can continue to power that growth.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. I think we've talked out loud that there's still – it's not a precise number because it's not tracked, but $8 billion is used, but there is a huge secondary business that still exists, which still means that pricing inefficiency is alive and well for both sports teams and great artists, where the product primary price sold is leaving a lot of money on the table. So, we've said it over the last couple of years, I'll probably saying it for the next five years, as the market becomes more efficient, meaning the artists, the sports team, the content owner has a larger appetite to price higher, to take some of those tickets out of the business, the opportunity will be an ongoing annual opportunity for us at Live Nation, as we try to convince content that one of the great ways to maximize and minimize scalping is to maximize your pricing strategy. Now, there's also ways that you got to lower the prices in the backend of the house to make sure you sell through and there's no one simple strategy, but overall pricing and increasing the P1s or the VIP tickets or the platinum tickets, we do know is a great way to take some of the secondary business and turn it into the pockets of the artist and the sports team.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, our business is all three. We're selling – out of our 900 sponsors, we have a lot of sponsors that are buying the local Milan or Tampa Bay advertising package at an arena or amphitheater series. We have a regional business. And then you have the strategic global clients. So it works on all levels. The more – when we buy a festival and promoter and move into a market in Germany, it provides our Sponsorship team instant inventory for the local and regional sponsorship buy, which you need as a foundation. And when my team is talking to the CMO, CEO, at a global organization being – obviously laying out our platform and all of our touch points, and the more markets that we can touch, the more of an opportunity will present to that global brand. So, we are always been a combination of a local business with a central strategy and a central buying strategy. But you need local execution to drive both the sponsorship and then ultimately the concert.
Michael Rapino: Thank you. We look at our business and there's multiple channels we want to continue to grow in. Festivals, we've talked about, and within festivals, the 100-plus we have now in that channel, there's sub-strategies within that. So we look at theaters and clubs the same. On a global basis, we're probably close to 200 that we may manage, lease or book, in some sense, U.K., Australia, Canada and the U.S. That division has been growing because you read about the explosion of the experience, and probably in your local town, what used to be a dance bar or a club now is a live bar and live music is alive and well, and 500 seat venues, and 2,000 and 4,000 seats. So, we've seen a new surge, whether it's in retail developments, malls being converted, where everyone is looking for a live club as a – one of their anchor tenants. So, we're talking to lots of developers all the time about adding a House of Blues or a film or one of our many 500 to 5,000 seat venues that are high margin, provide incredible platform for us, for our sponsorship, and our young artist network. So we're going to continue to looking in markets on a global basis, and if there's an opportunity with the right retail developer or a developer or a location that we think works, then we'll continue to expand there.
Michael Rapino: Same thing. We think the amphs are – again, lots of cities don't have amphitheater or lots of times the amphitheater is 40 miles outside of town and there's a new urban opportunity like in Boston and Toronto. So, whether we're looking in the U.S., Canada at upgrading or elevating our current position or we're looking at some international markets where we think – an outdoor amphitheater is a great experience. In our research, if you ask fans where do they want to see their band of choice, it's kind of obvious they want to see U2 in a small club than they'd love to see them outdoors where they can dance and have fun, and then the list goes on from there. So, we know amphitheaters and outdoor experience, social gathering, all those good things is a real important value proposition, and we'll continue to look for places to expand that makes sense for us.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. We've said the last few years, we think there's more bands on the road, there's more events happening and more geographies that are being played now. So we think next year, the year after, on a global basis, there'll be more artists on the road playing some venue from small to big, and more fans going to those shows from a supply, demand. So overall, we think the industry is having a great, continued growth phase and we think it will last for quite a while, especially as the international and global markets start to build more venues and infrastructure to emulate a lot of the U.S. infrastructure.
Michael Rapino: So, on a global basis, we might be somewhere in the 20s to 30s. There's not a lot of great data on a lot of the international markets. But if you looked at small club dates to street festival, the market can be defined fairly broadly, but we've said out loud that we think somewhere in the 20% to 30% global market share, huge opportunity obviously on a global market still.
