Michael Rapino: Yeah, thank you. The '23 is really no backlog. '22 is the year where we would've flushed out any reschedule tours from 2019 '21, wherever. So 2023 is kind of if you want to call almost back to business and yes, it's a very vibrant pipe. I think we said at the Investor Date, if you want to kind of scale back and look at the next five years, you can kind of look at what we did going into '19, where we looked at the industry growing at almost 10% a year on a compounded basis. We think the industry is going to be doing that again. It's back to full growth, high quality growth sector industry and we think we tend to outperform the industry. So we look at '23 will be a, if you want to call it a record year coming off of '22, and we think we're in for multiple record years of growth.
Michael Rapino: Both concerts -- both concerts and Ticketmaster, just to remind you, it's a huge upside in Mexico and ticketing and that we, we're only a 30% owner to Mexico. And now that we own it, we've already had the team down there. We're upgrading, they're still living on a green screen with not much feature functionality. So big upside secondary, etcetera, to add in Mexico and throughout Europe. So big growth opportunity, both in concerts and sponsorship and ticketing.
Michael Rapino: And, Ben, just to jump in also on, I know you had brought it up also, our no-show rates I know that's always been some rumour go out there, but as we stated in our release, we're seeing no challenges at all. People are showing up to the shows. We are showing similar to 2018, '19, your regular low digit no-show rate of people that don't make it to the show. But back to normal, people come and drum to those shows no issues at all in terms of showing up.
Michael Rapino: On the festival side, we, we have a, a few great festival companies in Europe and America. And part of the success of live nation has been about organic growth, continuing to grow the business finding you know, new market shares, new global entry points and festivals being a big part of regenerating our business. So we're always looking to add every year and let our festival companies launch new ideas. And this year we've had some great success. One of our young companies, C3, it's been in business with a strong festival promoter, Jeff Shoeman. We launched a, when we were, when we were young festival out of Vegas, we hoped to sell 40,000 tickets. We sold over 160,000 tickets in Vegas; so huge success in a brand new festival. So we love those stories. We encourage all of our festival entrepreneurs to take swings every year. We usually have a 50% success rate. Some of those go on to be great brands. Some you fail fast to move on. So 38 was a indicator. I'll let you know, we have a large, a hundred plus portfolio of festivals around the world, like amphitheater and Venues. There are high margin business because of sponsorship, food, and beverage. And not only do we look to acquire and bolt on when we can, but we are a big machine of organically creating new festivals that the majority of our growth and this year we're back to full speed on letting our entrepreneurs go swing and create some new revenue for us.
Michael Rapino: Joe? Joe can jump in. It's a similar story. We're just starting, continuing, I mean, Venues would be one that we didn't really slow-down during COVID because they have a longer lead time. So if you, you look at our venue nation division that we highlighted in the investor day and kind of our continued focus around our 300 plus Venues that we operate around the world. I think we said we have probably 75 in the pipe and we annually open up probably about 20 new festivals around the world. So we're on plan, continuing to move on that aggressive front to continue expand on a global basis club theatre and a theatre. We just opened a beautiful arena in Austin last week to record sales, record results proud of that one and more to come. So continued opening and phasing throughout the years we've been doing historically.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. On the NFT, I think I think we're deep into discussions and product development and testing. Like all of the leagues are doing, we have a, a dual a lens. If you want to call it on Ticketmaster side, we are working in hand in tandem with the NFL and NBA on minting, all of the tickets. We did all the super bowl tickets through Ticketmaster that were NFT souvenirs. We're doing it for the teams. We've been working with mark Cuban and others. So on the Ticketmaster side, we're getting to see all of the best versions of what some sports teams and brands are doing with NFTs. On the concert side, we've worked on our artist management division with our artists and seen some of the versions that they're looking at, whether it's in the metaverse, whether it's a fortnight or whether it's a song on an NFT. So we're looking and learning on that side and on the live nation side the NFC is really just an extension of what someone mentioned earlier, the digital ticket. I mean, the, the most important thing for us overall is to have identity tied to the ticket. So, so moving from a PDF ticket where we knew nobody, it had no contract, it had no rights, it had no carry on value, moving to a block-chain, digital NFT ticket in general that just opens up the doors to first having identity tied to the ticket. So we can have a better conversation with you. And we think NFT to that ticket, we can create a community of value and look at and ways to add value to you on an ongoing basis if you've opened up and been part of the live ticket stub NFT today. So we're we think it's great opportunity to add more value to the relationship with that purchaser. And we're going to, we're going to keep experiment ideas on that front. The second question, I, I didn't quite even I didn't hear it well enough. Yeah. Joe and jump in on you.
Michael Rapino: I, I think I can give you generalities to make you feel good that '23 going to look good. I mean, that's obviously what you're, you're trying to get at. So I think in, if you look at '20 to your point of how many did we have booked, or how many would we be reviewing for, for, for a historic year at this time period, we would, we would be about double where, where a historic marker would be if you want to use that as a, as a basic line. So, 60 would be a, a fabulous number to be talking about this time of year for a, for a next year activity. So that's, that kind of gives you a kind of a robust feeling of what's what '23 will look to be.
Joe Berchtold: Hey David, this is Joe I'll take it. And I think the questions are related. Start with the NFL. We entered the partnership with the NFL four years ago, I guess, and that relationship was really technology driven and it was a mutual strategy of figuring out how do we shift the industry to digital ticketing? How do we understand identity-enabled relationships with the fans, for the leagues, for the teams as well as for Ticketmaster and that's proven to be very successful and obviously coming out of COVID not surprisingly, the NFL said, what's the next technology agenda. We worked with them on deploying NFTs and they said, this is all great, better to talk now about linking back up for the next five years. So we know we can work together and figure out what's the next technology unlocked. How do we continue to use technology is really it's the core of the relationship or the starting point of the relationship with the fans. So that's what led to the renewal. We're excited about it. We think the NFL's been a great partner and we'll continue to be. So naturally as you do that, we continue at Ticketmaster to get smarter and smarter about the fan as well. That lets us continue to use our alignment and our mutual interest with the teams and the league in terms of driving Ticketmaster share in the secondary. So we're taking all the data we have, all the information we're working with them on all of their assets to help acquire customers, to use all the season ticket holder inventory, to continue to drive our share and provide a great marketplace, a great experience for fans to be buying those tickets. So combination of all of those has led to increasing share which is as Michael talked about part of how we've doubled secondary in the first quarter relative to 2019.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, I think this is Joe. I think all of the data points that we're seeing continue to be very strong. Look at our concert ticket sales as we look in March and April, each of those months the ticket sales were up 20% plus relative to 2019. So through March and April, I think we've seen some of these pressures, the gas and so on for a few months now. So not just a few weeks, so we've seen no impact at all on the concert ticket sales. We talked about the pricing, seeing no impact on the take rate of those tickets and the onsite spending the EFs again seeing those up substantially relative to 2019. So no impact there. So from all the different angles that we've looked at it, we have not seen any pullback in consumer behavior. I think that this continues to be part of people want to get out, have a social life, to spend on experiences taking money away from spending on goods. And a lot of what we do is we spoke to the $35 overall average entry price for a ticket or $30 for clubs and amphitheatre. It continues to be a very affordable night out for those that need to be most conscious of that.
Joe Berchtold: Well, it is creating new ad categories, right? We talked about that in the technology space, in the FinTech space, throughout the whole purchase path integration, all of that is creating new categories and that's, what's driving even this year a lot of the growth in the sponsorship business. Michael talked very explicitly about what you're seeing on site. Two great examples of how technology's being used to enhance the live experience with Verizon, putting in the infrastructure with the 5G connectivity and with snap as a great product development, product design organization, coming up with some ways to use their products and augmented reality to enhance the onsite experience. So really on the onsite piece, this is all about how do you make a better and better fan experience? And we've got great brands, partners that we work with that are looking to do more and more to make that possible and then as we continue to work on the Ticketmaster marketplace, tie that in with the increased data that we have from the digital ticketing that we were just talking about, how do we create more tailored ad units and make more opportunities for more sponsors to connect with those fans as well.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. And just to build on that first is we now have a level of information that is very -- we didn't have even 10 years ago and almost no industry has called the secondary market. So to Michael's point on pricing flexibility, we have the benefit of knowing real time, what is market pricing and so on one level, you can think that billion dollars plus of price arbitrage that exists on our tickets, that's the first wall of defense in any recessionary environment that pricing comes out first before our pricing's even impacted. And we have a great read on what is the supply that dynamic to be adjusting as we go along. And then along with that, again, you have, again, the macros of the shift of spend from experience -- from goods to experiences, which is continuing. You have the wealth built up and the biggest gains in terms of the income with a lower quartile. So you've got good revenue there. Still, you've got affordable entry prices that we've talked about on the tickets. So we continue to think that as long as we stay focused on what is the value perceived by the fan, stay aligned with that. We'll be able to bring the acts out and sell the tickets.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, we called out the theatres and clubs in the festivals this quarter because we knew that all you guys were going to want some data on what's going on with the fans on site. It being the first quarter, we don't really have amphitheatre data yet. So we were trying to use what data we could have on our other buildings, the theatres and clubs and festivals and then also to tie that back to any questions on costs. So that was the purpose of doing that was to give everybody comfort that we had still a very strong onsite consumer behavior. We don't have the date on amputates yet for the summer, but again, taking that as the leading indicator, we feel good about it. And we think there's a long runway. We talked in February about how we still think that there's 30%, 40%, 50% increase in our onsite spend, as we do a better job on some of the VIP and premium offers and do a better job of how it is we're marketing and selling upsell opportunities on site.
Joe Berchtold: So I guess, let me break into a couple of pieces there. So this year we expect both Mexico and Latin America broadly to do well. I think that it would be a very strong Latin America year relative to '19, even without OCESA, having OCESA only makes it all that much stronger. Your numbers aren't terribly far off. You have to kind of triangulate. They're within the general ballpark of what our numbers would be for '19 and therefore for '22. I don't think we're ready to start declaring the specifics of what OCESA is going to be in '23 or '24 yet. Give us a little time to get there with them and we'll keep you updated on it. But we do see Mexico and Latin America more broadly, certainly as one of our great growth drivers over the next few years.
Joe Berchtold: In terms of Rock and Rio, I think we've got that again this year. So I think it would be consistent with '19 in that regard and in terms of Ticketmaster you're right. It's continuing to do great. The margins are flowing through it is benefiting from the US waiting if you will right now, but with the cost taken out, we think it, this year probably be a high thirties margin when all is said and done, and you get some rebalancing with some of the international, which is a lower margin business.
Joe Berchtold: No, absolutely. The over the overall double-digit increase is driven by the high end across our major stadiums arenas. Amphitheatres, I think we've probably about doubled the number of tickets to go into what we call the platinum or market based pricing. So more than anything else is probably more of the tickets are getting market priced or closer to market priced, and then depending on the artist than the show, yes, it's also flexing upward from where it would've been historically, as we try to get closer to the true market price. Even as doing this, you can tell by our commentary about the size, growth of the secondary we've helped move $500 million to the artist this year, but I think the secondary has grown more on our tickets. So it's not that we're out there capturing every penny even while getting these increases this year, but we're continuing to try to move in that direction.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think one of the things that gives us a lot of comfort is that over 85% of our debt is fixed rate. So we're sitting at 4.3% in a pretty fixed debt structure with short-term increases having a fairly limited impact on us. So I think we're feeling fine about our about our total debt level. Our total coverage based on our AOI, I think continues to be very robust and we don't have any concerns about being able to grow in from an AOI standpoint and into our debt.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I think the 7 million story is the same as the 17 million story. When you're at this scale, it's everything. International has been very strong, which has been driven by the dramatic improvements in the international product that we've had as we move to a single integrated platform. And that has further differentiated us, particularly internationally, relative to where we've been. At the same time, we've had continued success in the US and many of the discussions are product driven. The confidence that working with Ticketmaster, you're only going to have the best enterprise products in the best marketplace today, but the level of investment that we're making and the scale of the dollars being spent to build new product is unparalleled in its commitment to continuing to enhance for the teams and the artists and the fans, what their experience is gonna be. You always have price pressure, you have price competition and everything. There's no new news there. That's what you always have. It's always your job as a company to figure out how do I continue to create my product so that it's differentiated so that it reduces the price. And then how do I continue to get more efficient and make money in other ways off my flywheel so that overall my aggregate economics continue to improve, nothing new there.
Joe Berchtold: We're not seeing any signs of softening. Michael gave you some of the numbers on these -- on the large relationships that we have, the million dollar plus relationships that have been our focus on growing the number of those relationships, the breadth of assets that we provide to them, and just how much of our sponsorship base they represent. So they're coming at it from multiyear, multi-asset saying we want to be present at the festival at the amphitheatre. We also are going to have an online presence. It's a much higher level of integration than just a simple ad by with some of the other players out there. So we're not seeing that impact at all.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, I you're right. It's helped a little bit. I still think we end the year probably around 80% globally. A lot of this has to do with not just the infrastructure on our end, but rolling out the access control new systems that have to get deployed for each of these Venues and doing that on a global basis, just with some of the supply chain in terms of getting those pieces in place. It'll take a little bit of time, but we're making great progress and we're already acting on the data. Just saw some of the information yesterday, looking at how we're using it for more effectively targeting the marketing. So when you, your email from live nation on what concerts, it's much more tailored to you than it was in 2019 as a result, the click through rates and the buy rates are up substantially. And then as we get into the summer, and we have people going to our operated amphitheater as our operated festivals, we expect that we'll be able to use that digital connection to more effectively market upsell connect sponsors with fans. So we'll see all of that activity beginning in much more earnest in the in this year.
Joe Berchtold: I'm Sorry. On the hyperly thing. No, I got it. I got it. Yeah. So on the hyper local strategy that we've been talking about absolutely applies in throughout Europe, throughout Mexico, Latin America, all of the markets in we're going into each country, we're establishing a beachhead, getting to some scale, leveraging that scale to then say, what are each of the specific markets that we can go to and expand the operation. So that's a core part. Somebody was talking earlier how we, when we make the acquisition, we grow it substantially. Well, our, our, with Germany, when we grew in, they were operating in two cities and then selling off the con the concert in all the other cities that there are 10, 12 cities in Germany where you could easily have the population to route your chore through. So that became the focus and that's how we grew that business. So we'll be following that playbook globally. It is a large part of when you look at the Tam and why the Tam is so large, it's because all of that demand exists through so many different markets, not just the ones where we're historically bringing shows to. Great. Thank you.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, it was a lagging indicator. It didn't hit till 2010. We had it for one summer. And I think we had a lot less data on the market then, than we have now, I talked about the secondary market and how that provides such great transparency today into the specific supply demand dynamics, the pricing, not just in the front of the house, but through the whole building. We didn't have that back then. So we were making a lot of decisions, a lot more blindly. So we have better information. We're set up to be much more nimble in terms of how we respond to that information. And again, that was the one year out of not just the last recession, but if you look over the past 30 years at a handful of different recessions, it was the one year when there was any
