Michael Rapino: Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. Live music roared back over the past quarter, driving all our business stipends to positive AOI for the first time in two years with companywide AOI of $306 million. The 2021 summer concert season rebounded quickly, with 17 million fans attending our shows in the quarter has returned to live, reflected tremendous pent-up demand. Festivals were large part of our return to live this summer with many of our festivals selling out in record time, and then overall ticket sales for major festivals was up 10% versus 2019.  Then we had a number of our tours are already sell over 500, 000 tickets for tours this year, including sellout tours by Harry Styles, Chris Stapleton, and others. In addition to increasing attendance, strong demand also enabled improving pricing with average amphitheater and major festival pricing up double-digits relative to 2019, and at our shows, fans spend at record levels with onsite spending per fan up over 20% in both amphitheaters and festivals compared to 2019.  We delivered these results with an operating environment that required us to wrap up quickly it's new health and safety protocols, and staff our frontline in a tight labor market. On the health and safety front, we set the industry standard by requiring proof of vaccine or testing for our shows, with no change in fan purchase behavior. More importantly, our protocols proved effective at mitigating major COVID disruptions to our business in the U.S. and UK, and allowed us to work in conjunction with local health officials to mitigate transmission risks from our events. On the labor front, we were able to set staffing requirements for our peak outdoor season without any show disruptions.  We also saw strong fan demand in our Ticketmaster results. We delivered its highest AOI quarter ever. Q3 was Ticketmaster's fourth highest fee-bearing GTV quarter excluding refunds, led by sports legs restarting and concert on-sales for 2022 ramping up. In addition, Ticketmaster's secondary business delivered its highest GTV month in September, showing continued growth in the segment, even as artists and content owners continue shifting more of the value to primary sales. And as the fans came back, so did our brand partners who continue to seek to connect to the live music fan.  As a result, our sponsorship and advertising business delivered over $100 million in AOI for the quarter, the first time at this level since Q3 of 2019. Return of sponsorship and advertising has been largely driven by historic major partners, along with the addition of new brands, including Truly Hard Seltzer, as well as Coinbase and Solana in the Fintech segment. As we look forward to 2022, we are encouraged by all our leading indicators across each business. Through October our confirmed show count across amphitheaters, arenas, stadium shows are up double-digits, relative to the point in 2019 to 2020 shows.  And through mid-October, we have already sold 22 million tickets for our shows in 2022 and demand has been stronger than ever for many of these on sales, with a million tickets sold for each of the Coldplay and Red-Hot Chili Peppers tours, and several other tours already selling over 500,000 tickets. Ticketmaster is on sale for 2022 also reinforcing this demand, as we expect  transacted fee-bearing GTV to be at record level, even after already selling 65 million fee-bearing tickets for events next year. Ticketmaster also added clients represented in over 14 million net new fee-bearing tickets so far this year, further accelerating its growth on a global basis.  And our Sponsorship and Advertising business had similar success, with confirmed pipeline for 2022 up double-digits relative to this time in 2019 to 2020. At the same time, we are continuing our cost focused deliver $200 million in structural savings from our pre -pandemic 2020 plan, making us nimbler and better positioned to invest for future growth. As we get close to turning the page in 2021, I remain more convinced than ever in the power and potential of live entertainment, and the strength of our position.  No industry was more impacted by the pandemic over the last two years, and no industry has so proven the durability of its demand in the face of such disruption. I fully expect we will continue to have bumps in the road in the coming months. And it will take some time for international artists maturing on a truly global basis. But the fundamental strength of live entertainment and Live Nation has proven out and expect we will only continue to grow from here. With that, I will let Joe take you through more details on our results.
Michael Rapino: Just to add a little -- just to add texture to that, we would have absolutely in July or August with the idea that we had to instantly hire 20,000 people for summer amphitheaters usually would happen way back in April, we would've had concern but we surprisingly we're able to fully staff all of those jobs, as Joe said. Marginal cost increased a few million dollars.  So, we did see that the part-time seasonal workforce that needed to come back to help make the machine work were eager to get back. So, we didn't have that challenge. I think we're going to keep looking at how we do a better job of attracting and retaining them in today's environment, but we don't see that as a cost challenge, we think it's an exciting category so a lot of people like coming to work at the amphitheater, the club, the theatre, the lifestyle type job, and then as Joe said, we had no supply chain issues. The artist gets on stage, there's plenty of trucks, lights, staging, etc. to make the machine work on a global basis.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, I'll jump in and Joe can jump. We've -- we had a global call yesterday this week with all of our different presidents. We're feeling very confident, obviously Canada, U.S., UK are fully open. Europe will be fully open by the end of the year. So, we'll have most of the main markets open into January. Pacific Rim, Latin America, all looks positive in terms of being open fully for international artists by April.  We think internationally, on a global basis by April the world will be moving around again. It doesn't overly affect our business short-term because most of the outdoor stadium festival business is summer time, so that will be all fully up and rolling. We have Lollapalooza starting in April in Latin America and Australia festivals. So, we think we'll be open for prime season, and we'll be rolling around indoors in the main markets of U.S., Europe, Canada, and the UK between now and April.
Michael Rapino: I always think we underestimate bragging about our venue portfolio. We are ready well over 200 venues that we operate somewhere in the world, amphitheaters, theaters, clubs, arenas in Dublin, Holland, etc. So, we know that the venue when we go vertical is a high-margin business for us. And I consider festivals almost venues, because you get to own the real estate for the weekend, you're owning all the revenue streams. So anytime that we can put a show in our festival or our venue on ticketed by Ticketmaster's, have our sponsorship able to use the asset and count all the revenue streams, it's our highest margin business.  What we've seen over time now is, in the last 5 years, is there has been a new real estate boom around the world where every major city in the world looks at live entertainment much like they used to look at movie theatres as being this incredible tenant in their development. So, we are talking ongoing to multiple developers around the world who are building something and they wanted 2,000-seat, a 5,000-seat, a 7,000-seat, maybe an arena than anchor into one of their developments.  So, we've really ramped up that division over the last 2 years and we see great opportunity around the world of continuing to expand our venue portfolio in these prime markets. I mean, Austin's an example where there's no arena. We're going to open that arena in the next couple of years. It's going to be a monster of a return for us as a great single venue in the Austin market right now, for live shows to complement our club, our theater, our amphitheater portfolio. So, we'll continue to be very opportunistic in the markets around the world where there's an opening for a live venue of any size.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I think to Joe's point, I think we've said it before. The good news is '22 is going to probably be a record year, but there's only so many Fridays and Saturdays and artists are pretty smart about how they route their tours and how they look at the world and find their right positioning. So, it’s kind of self-regulates itself. You're never going to have a bunch of tours on the same weekend piled on.  So that just meant we have a more inventory to spread into '22, '23, and we're talking '24 now. So, I would say we have a backlog that needs to still work through the system in '22, '23. which will be incredibly strong years. And then we continue to get back to regular -- we've had over the year, double-digit growth in the live entertainment space ongoing. We project that to continue both on pricing and global volume as demand and supply continues to grow around the world.
Michael Rapino: If you follow my Twitter, or what we're up to, we've been pretty active. We're back with our backlog of 30 to 40 things around the world. We're looking at that can keep propelling our business and growing our scale. So good pipe -- good pipeline will continue to be very aggressive at growing our global market share and then monetizing products on top of it.
Michael Rapino: William, I would just add I don't want to ever forget that Ticketmaster is incredibly great at what they do on a global basis. If you're -- if you own a stadium, an arena, high-volume ticket business with complex season owners and regular tickets -- it's a complex business to do at scale. So, a lot of our customers, sometimes we may lose a customer, they end up coming back.  So, one, I just want to remind you, we've been investing in this platform for the last few years. Our enterprise platform is a world-class platform. The U.S. ticket market is the most complicated market in the world. Reserved seats equal season seats are a complex model to manage the 10 AM on on-sale with box and all the things that pressure your system so when at the core enterprise platform is really good. So, we're more out competing for that offering. We end up just being ultimately winning the business because we are the best at it.  And we see that because we see the clients that may leave. But end up coming back because the functionality that we provide is superior to others. We're seeing this in a Brooklyn arena last week where the competitor was trying to do a presale that broke and that's a pretty basic stuff. So, I just remind people we are in a global basis, the best of what we do. That's why clients pick us. And then we happen to be global and opening up all of our technology to a global base is going to be our great runway for the next while.
Michael Rapino: And to Joe's point, I would just add what you also noticed is the -- it's all different genres in ages. So, this isn't just young kids are going to shows because they're not scared but the Eagles just had a wildly successful on arena tour that's going to finish up this week in Seattle. The Grateful Dead route doing full stadiums. Harry Styles obviously doing indoors to just record business as well as our amphitheater business.  So, we did -- we weren't sure going into the market what segment or what age demo would react differently, or if there would be a difference, and we saw huge demand across the board at all ages, all demos, all markets. So strong rebound back as we've seen with the early on sales going forward.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. Just on operating with a reduced cost structure, we had the benefit if you will, of really 0 base in our cost structure over the past year and a half, so -- and we've talked through at various points, a lot of it around Ticketmaster's globalization and how we revised our approach on the concert side. So, we're not seeing any issues in terms of operating with this renewed cost structure because it's been a pretty methodical laid out approach to how we want to run the business.  And then I think as we move forward and we continue to grow the business, our expectations are that the incremental profitability of our business is as good or better than it's ever been, and that there continues to be a long runway to do so. In terms of the labor constraint as we talked, we were able to put on all of our shows this year without any issues. Looking forward to next year at the end of probably -- we don't think that there's any issue in terms of getting back to the level of activity that we've had, or the level of activity that we're talking about, in terms of our pipeline of shows.  Ultimately, that is what the short-term constraining is in terms of why we won't be doing 45 mega tours, where you can't have 80% growth in a given year. It does have to do with some of the short-term ability to get your buses or to get your staff, but there's no long-term constraints for the growth. And we're still able to grow it in next year. In terms of the costs incurred, it's different pieces for different folks that the artist is generally responsible for their crew and their operations that they're being out on the road and we're responsible for the venues that we operate.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. It's a great point, right. You just forced yourself in this last 2 years to think differently and extract more value from your base, and we absolutely look at it now and see specially in most of Southern America we can stay open much longer than we historically have. So yes, we will look to extend the seasons in those markets for sure.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. This is Joe. I'll start on the pricing and the per-caps. I think we believe this is structurally a level of spend that we're seeing from the consumer now on the pricing, heavily driven by the front of the house, the best seats where we've long known there's this arbitrage because of the size and continued growth of the secondary market  even as we've been pricing and moving more money to the artists over the past several years. So, this year that trend continued. More VIP, more platinum tickets, getting that money to the artist. And we're seeing a relatively strong inelasticity on the demand for those best tickets.  And then on the onsite, I think because we're seeing it come from a number of fronts, we are confident that it's staying. So, we talked about it in the comments, right. Moving from cash to cashless just opens up increase spend. It's been a long existing difference between those 2 moving to a 100% cashless, just raises the average because instead of being half of each. And then we're seeing again structural trends people are going to a bit higher quality in terms of some of the alcohol, some of our product offerings are making more of a deal for people to take higher price point products.  All of those we think are a continuation of the trends that we've seen over the past several years and have no reason to expect that that would be any different going forward. In terms of the cadence for shows next year in general, and Michael talked about this a bit. You'll see similar where Q2 and Q3 will continue to be our strongest quarters. That's when we'll have a great stadium next year. It looks to be far and away the largest stadium we've ever -- we've had. That will be primarily in those Q2, Q3 outdoor months. Obviously, our amphitheaters and festivals, largely those months. And even the arena certainly here in the U.S. you just have more avails in those months because of the timing of the sport season. So, there's no reason not to expect similar seasonality in general as we've had historically.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think we absolutely believe you'll continue to expect to see higher than historical margins because of the cost reductions. This year you've -- this quarter you've got the particular benefit of a few things, one being that we ramped up our activity faster than we ramped up our staff. As we said, we were doing from our cost management so we pushed our people and extracted more from that side.  And secondly, as we also talked, this is much more of a U.S. driven, and then secondly UK driven, and we've talked historically about the fact that the U.S. market is a higher service fee and therefore generally a higher margin market than internationally. So, some of that mix shift will convert back next year. I don't think we're ready to give exact numbers, but we certainly do think that the ticketing margin will improve relative to historical.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. as you said, 2/3 of them international, I think is indicative of particularly in the international markets. Just what a strong leadership position Ticketmaster has with a lot of the investments we've been making over the past 5 years. So digital ticketing, as you said, is -- overnight goes from being a nice feature to a critical part of it because you're moving away from contactless of any sort, you need a digital ticket, and our leadership there is a big differentiator, we've been investing for a long time, we're not trying to play catch-up. And these tickets are a mix of where we have the full allocation in some markets and other markets, we have a partial allocation. But in aggregate it's adding 14 million tickets to the portfolio.
Joe Berchtold: I think every month for us, we continue to see ongoing growth in the reopening, so it'd be hard to separate out Delta specifically versus reopening in general. But everything that we saw was more fans going to more shows consistently, contrary to some of the press I've seen very low no show rates, low to low single-digit increases in terms of no-shows as a result of the pandemic. So, it seems that the people that want to go to the shows are going to the shows. And that's just continue to grow as a portion of the fan base out there.
