Michael Rapino: Good afternoon, and welcome to our first quarter 2013 conference call. I'm joined today by Joe Berchtold, our COO; and Kathy Willard, our CFO. Let me start with a review of the first quarter. And I'm pleased that we delivered overall growth, with revenue up 6% and AOI up 10%, led by Concerts and Sponsorship double-digit growth year-on-year, in both revenue and AOI. We continue to see strong global demand for live events driving this growth, and giving us confidence that we'll have another strong year in 2013. Through April, global ticket sales at Ticketmaster for events in 2013 were up 8%, with the Concerts segment up 18%. Our Live Nation Concert ticket sales were up 26%, outpacing the market, indicating we are continuing to build market share in Concerts. On our last call, I outlined our 5 strategic drivers that will lead us to our 2015 AOI and cash targets. First, we will grow market shares in Concerts and Ticketing by 5 million tickets through new events, global expansion and higher per event conversion. With Concert tickets year-to-date up double digits, I expect that we will deliver over 1/2 of this growth in 2013 alone. It makes me highly confident we can deliver this target by 2015. Second, we will drive event awareness and ticketing conversion by shifting advertising spend to more direct and efficient social and digital channels. This year, all of Live Nation's national tours are utilizing digital and social media. And through April, we almost doubled the share of spend in these channels to 20% of our total marketing spend. And we see this as a contributing factor to our double-digit growth in attendance per show in the first quarter. Third, we will continue to deliver rapid growth in our Sponsorship & Advertising business through 2015. With 15% growth in Sponsorship AOI during the first quarter, we continue to distinguish our platform as the most effective way to connect brands with music trends. Fourth, we will grow our market share in the secondary business. We are off to a strong start this year with our NFL, NBA and NHL secondary partnerships, with our gross transaction value through April up over 20% from last year. I expect this to accelerate further once we launch our Ticketmaster Plus, our new integrated inventory product this summer. And fifth, we will reduce ticketing cost through our reap platforming project. We expect the project to be more than 75% complete by the end of 2013, with cost savings starting to be realized in 2014 and continue on plan to save $0.35 a ticket in North America from the project. Our first quarter results and ticket sales for 2013 events give me confidence in our ability to deliver 2013 AOI revenue and cash flow as expected with our 3-year plan. I will now turn the call over to Joe Berchtold, our COO, who will take you through a divisional update.
Michael Rapino: It's a good question, John. You're straight out there. You know we're not going to comment on anything until we get deals done. But I would say that, good properties, festivals that are doing really well, are probably going to get a decent multiple. So every deal is different. Lots of content out there. I would say, other -- we're certainly -- unlike maybe some others out there, we're not desperate, nor do we need to buy a lot. So we buy, and if we think that we have the right festival to add to our portfolio, we like buying -- we don't like buying 100% of these businesses. We like the entrepreneur to have some upside and risk in the game with us to build the businesses. So we tend to look for businesses where we think they've got a strong foundation, an exceptional entrepreneur at the helm. And more importantly, that they can use our distribution to grow that asset like we've done with Festival Republic in Europe, like we've done with Roc Nation here. So we'll continue to look for the right acquisition that we think works with our distribution. And then ultimately, we look for, is regardless of maybe what that asset makes today, where can we take that business over the next 2, 3 years, and can we grow that business with a strong return for our shareholders, when you put their content plus our distribution together.
Michael Rapino: We think long-term, it's absolutely an aid to conversion in selling more tickets to, let's call it the casual buyer. We think any time that you can make something this convenient versus having to run back to your computer and log in, that if any time you're sitting with that phone in the car or wherever you may be, and you can instantly buy 2 tickets to the Rihanna show, we think that's going to drive ticket sales. We know from early data that when we send out our email blasts and our mobile blasts, that you look at -- a traditional email converts online at 10% to 15%. When you start sending out mobile alerts, they're converting somewhere in the 20% to 30% range because you're delivering probably a context -- a content-rich message and an immediacy. And we're seeing some great conversion on mobile. Believe it or not, the fan is young and old. We sold out a Paul McCartney show in Canada on a mobile presale. So let's assume that's an older demo, as well as electronic music and Rihanna. So young and old, I think the consumer just looks at it as an efficient channel. We love it because we get to take all the same economics to that channel, and we get to start directly communicating with users of mobile alerts and bringing email to live -- to a conversion on your mobile phone. So we think it will be a big part of the future of how we increase our conversion rate.
Michael Rapino: I think it's just -- it's only limited right now, really by the adoption of the ecosystem versus the consumer. So I think as you see all ticketing companies, ourselves included, ramping up our apps, our transferability and more importantly, all the scanner equipment needed at the venues, but over the next -- so we're equipping daily, converting venues to make sure they're able to scan that digital ticket. And I think over the next few years, you'll see that 10% double and triple fairly fast as the system catches up to the consumer.
Michael Rapino: Not our end. Well, for a venue, Ticketmaster is truly a partner in the ticket-selling operations. So if you are a venue that has our box office, installed our software, you trained on our platform, we're your support team, we are your complete, let's call it Salesforce.com. We're the center hub, where all of those tickets flowing through your venue, your biggest revenue stream, the heartbeat of your business. To date, we've been a fairly transaction-based platform, as I've shown you at our presentations, green screen and fairly bulky. As we've now started to launch already some new business apps, reporting and inventory, we start to become a much deeper partner with you. So on the first and most important, some of the venues that now have our new platform tools or part of the tools, we're providing incredible analytics and reporting on ticket sales. So on our old system, you knew that you sold 5,000 tickets at 10:00 for a show or a sporting event. Today, you're looking at a beautiful user interface that's showing you those 5,000 tickets. We're giving you demo breaks. We're giving you age. We're giving you analytics on where they came from, how they found out about the show. So we have a deep bench of analytics that we can provide to you and upsell to you, so you can really understand your customer and how their buying patterns emerged. We're second to launch a deep marketing platform with this, so we're going to be able to really help you now market those shows once you build the show, integrating to Facebook, buy ads for you online, show you where your customers are, give you target-specific CRM tools so you can really look deep into your database and your customer base to look for how to reach those fans. And we're also -- really important from both of our ends, we're giving you full control of the inventory through our inventory app. So again, to date, if you're a venue, you got to call Ticketmaster to get most things done. Think of our platform to date, where it's a completely managed system, you need to call me, Ticketmaster, to change ticket data, to do most of the basics. With our new inventory app, you can sit in the box office, change the ticket prices, build the show yourself, make all the changes you need, so a complete self-managed platform with us at the user-face behind it. So if you look at the simplistics, what does the platform do? Aside from it -- that it's got a great user interface and it's competitive with anyone else out there, no one has the data depth that we have. So now, you truly have not just the ticket-selling platform, but you have a platform that's providing you incredible data to help you sell, target, and hopefully, ultimately, the end goal is we're going to help you sell more tickets, drive revenue, because we brought a full suite of services around the consumer base to your fingertips.
Michael Rapino: So we're going to launch TM Plus this summer. We've already got a head start, obviously, with the sports business because we have relationships with the NHL, NBA and NFL. So we are the official secondary partner with those 3 leagues. So you'll start to see those teams and venues, a part of our integrated inventory this summer. And then you'll also start to see, as we're selling through the concert season, you'll start to see, first, most importantly, we'll start with our Live Nation shows since we can help kind of sell those in for our partner, and then we'll expand out from there. So we're looking to beta launch it in July. And we have adoption rates from July on to December on getting inventory up and available, as we've kind of missed the concert season on purpose because of the load. So we're ready for next summer in terms of the full season, but we'll still be able to catch the back end of the year in the Concert business, and we'll be able to get most of the on-sales for the sports leagues for the fall. So we're in selling-in through all of the different constituents right now. I think our sales pitch is easy, honestly. It's a sales pitch that starts with, we work for you, the content. You're not participating today, there's $4 billion sitting somewhere else. You don't have the data. You don't participate in the revenue. We think that you should be. So we're working for you and we want you to share in some of that revenue and share in some of that data, and it seems to be well received to date.
Michael Rapino: No, it's almost the old question at this point. But we continue to think that it's going to be soon. We're nearly hearing from the arbitrator and the counsel that a decision will be coming soon. So we would assume that, again, as I've said for 2 years, we think it's coming soon.
Michael Rapino: Well, I think we -- as I said already, we're in business with content, so we're going to do what's right from their perspective. And I think, there's been lots of talk about what MLB has done and selling tickets in the nosebleeds too cheaply. So I think it's a fine line that if you're going to open up some of the doors to secondary, to try to take advantage of some of the inefficiencies in the top-end pricing, and you also have to protect your core customers who are buying everyday on the bottom end. So we don't look at the advantage of secondary to figure out how to sell discount tickets. We look at secondary as an opportunity to figure out how to capture some of the inefficient low-priced top end. So I don't think you'll see floors removed. I think that's a pretty smart basis for the product. But to your core idea, just so we're clear, our goal in life isn't that TicketsNow grows dramatically on its own and competes against StubHub. Our strategy is that Ticket Plus, the Ticketmaster Plus that we'll launch this fall or the spring/summer will be the way that we best are able to take -- tackle the secondary business. So we think our main front-door, having that big traffic that Ticketmaster gathers, is the best way to sell you a primary and/or a secondary ticket when you come shopping the first time.
Michael Rapino: We don't comment on the other guys. We just know what the leagues are doing with us at this point, and we seem to be fulfilling most of their needs on the business right now, and lots of opportunity on the upside.
Joe Berchtold: I think -- this is Joe, Doug. I think flat is still probably our best guess with the visibility we have at this point. We don't see a lot of movement from there.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think probably in our viewpoint, more important than the number of additional shows is how the shows themselves perform. And as I said, our expectation, you can do the math off of the -- off of what we gave you on ticket sales, is we think that our attendance per show will be up and our profitability per show will be up. That's really what matters most to us.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. 100%. Remember, Ticketmaster counts the ticket sale when the sale is made, and Live Nation counts the ticket sale when the show occurs. So when Ticketmaster has a big Q4, which are all the Pink and Rihanna presales for 2013, they're counting that ticket sale and that revenue in Q4. We're not counting the sold-out Rihanna, or Pink tour until it happens now. So when we say ticket, Live Nation's ticket sales for 2013 events are up 26%, to look at Ticketmaster, and to put it on apples-to-apples, we'd also have to count Ticketmaster November, December ticket sales for anything that was for a 2013 show, to give you apples-to-apples. So overall, you're going to see, if you just do a 2013 where more tickets flow through Ticketmaster, regardless of whether the sale was in December or in the year '13, the answer will be yes, the business will be up, tickets will be up as will the Concerts.
Joe Berchtold: I think that's a fair assessment. I think we're feeling, on a global basis -- when you're sitting with 26% ticket sales up year-over-year and you're as big as we are to start with, as you know those are big gains on a big base. So we're very confident that it's a strong season. Consumer seems to be coming back very strongly, both in America and in Europe. And remember, most of our business in Europe is in the North. So I'm not betting on a Spain or an Italy recovery, but in Northern Europe where the bulk of our volume is, Ireland and England, London, Paris, Sweden, the Nordics, Holland, those markets seem to be doing very well year-over-year. And a lot of it has to do with our teams just executing a lot better this year than last year. We bought smarter. We reduced some risky events. We shut down some festivals that weren't working. So I think we'll grow our business, both through execution and a slight increase in the consumer spend over there. And in North America, the consumer seems to be coming back very strong to the show.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, I think we've been consistent that we think that there's 2 opportunities to continue to grow the business from a portfolio perspective. One is always an international expansion, where you continually see us whether organically, as we did in Russia, or whether we bolt on a strong promoter like we did in Australia. But we think there's still great opportunity in Latin America and in the Pacific Rim, and also in Eastern Europe. So lots of markets for us to continue to expand, both Live Nation and our Ticketing business. You'll see us do that. And then on the other end, think about we have 100 offices in over 35, 40 countries. Those are the outlets. But what's really important is that you're putting the content through. So the more shows we buy, the more content we have, the more fans that will walk through the doors. Ultimately, our business model works and ultimately, sponsorship lays on top of that. So we're always looking at our portfolio to make sure we got a diverse and renewed content platform. So country happens to be on fire in North America. So we're continuing to look, and we launched a country festival in Michigan this year. If you look around the world, we've been saying it for the last couple of years, electronic music is a global phenomenon globally. Every country is looking, from a club to Vegas to a festival, to look to get into that space. So we're going to look to build upon our cream fields and hard acquisitions, and if we can find the right deal to build that piece of our business, we will. And we've talked about continuing to grow our festival business in North America. It's probably the one piece of the overall portfolio that we're under-serviced in. So we think we'll accomplish that through electronic music. You look at a company like Insomniac, they have the second largest festival in the world in Vegas, after Rock in Rio, 300,000 tickets. So they are -- electronic music is truly a festival business in itself. So we'll look to either electronic music and we'll look to traditional festivals in North America, whether organically or some bolt-on acquisitions to keep driving our portfolio.
