Michael Rapino: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. The past two years have only reinforced the power of live music, and it’s been great to see artists and fans reconnecting at scale around the world. Over the course of 2021, we saw the strength of live events. The year started in the midst of the pandemic, but by summer fans were returning to shows, and by the end of the year, we had a record pipeline of concerts, ticket sales and advertising commitments for 2022. Restarting our concerts business in the second half of the year, we put over 17,000 concerts for 35 million fans in 2021, mainly in the U.S. and UK markets. In the final five months of the year, in the U.S. and UK, we had over 15 million fans attend our outdoor events: festivals, stadiums, and amphitheaters, nearly 25% higher than during the same period in 2019. Through the ramp up, we saw demand driven price increases, particularly with platinum and other front of the house ticket pricing. Fans continue to seek the best tickets, and the ongoing rapid growth of the secondary market indicates there’s more room to grow. Fans on-site also continued spending more, with average per fan revenue up double digits for the year relative to 2019 levels, across each of amphitheaters, festivals, theaters and clubs. And as shows came back, so did the desire of brands to connect to our fans. As a result, sponsorship and advertising AOI was roughly the same for the second half of 2021 as it was in 2019, which was a record level. This interest came from a mix of expanding long-term relationships with brands such as Bacardi, Heineken and O2, as well as adding new partners, including Coinbase, Hulu and Cinch. Our ticketing business had the dual benefit of strong ticket sales for events in 2021, while also being the first of our businesses to benefit from our 2022 pipeline. Ticket sales were at a record pace across every metric with October, November and December being our top three months ever for ticketing GTV, excluding refunds. And the fourth quarter and second half of the year also set records for a quarter and six-month period. At the same time, we continued to reorganize our business globally and improve our operations, establishing a more nimble and lower cost company. Looking to 2022 and beyond, with the strength in ticket sales, not surprisingly, we are seeing every leading indicator for 2022 up relative to 2019, reinforcing our confidence that we will have a record year in 2022 that sets us up for growth over the next several years. Helping accelerate our growth this year is the acquisition of OCESA, which gives us immediate scale in Mexico and establishes another path into a broader Latin American market. Looking at the leading indicators, starting with show count through February, we are up 30% relative to 2019 across our large venue shows, for stadium, amphitheater, arena and festivals. Ticket sales through mid-February, we have sold 45 million tickets for shows this year, up 45% from 2019. We already have eight artists selling over 500,000 tickets for tours this year, including Bad Bunny, Dua Lipa and Billie Eilish. And fans are coming to the shows, our most recent data over the past month indicates no-show rates at our concerts in the U.S. are back to 2019 levels, eliminating any lingering questions on the resilience of fan demand. Along with our fan growth, we continue building the portfolio of venues we operate, now at 320 globally, as we net added 31 additional venues in 2021, approximately half of which came through the OCESA acquisition. Building our venue portfolio enables us to more rapidly grow our show count and fan base in 2022, and over the next few years, and positions us to drive on-site spending more widely while also providing additional assets to brand partners. Our sponsorship and advertising pipeline is similarly set for a strong 2022, up double digits through mid-February relative to 2019, with 80% of our planned revenue for the year committed. Taking this strong activity pipeline and combining it with our more efficient cost structure, I expect 2022 to deliver record financial performance overall for each division. The two-year wait for artists and fans is over. Never have the tailwinds to our business been so strong, and I believe this is just the start of what will be the strongest multi-year period for the concert industry. With that I will let Joe take you through more details on our results.
Michael Rapino: And it’s Michael stepping in. And also, we know this company very well. Alex , the CEO is a professional. You don’t get to be the third largest promoter in the world without being kind of an all round good businessman and operator. So he runs an incredible good business. But yes, like myself and our team through COVID, he was able to dig in and decide what’s – where’s some rust and some bureaucracy? And how can we streamline some of the business? So like us, I would expect him to hold on to some cost savings and run more efficient, regardless of the merger. And we think now together, we’ve already started the process of how do we elevate the ticket business? How do we upgrade the software? How do we introduce secondary? How do we excel the hospitality and sponsorship business? So I’m sure there’s some cost savings, but we’re more excited about, as Joe said, we think we can bring another gear to his already well-run machine.
Michael Rapino: You know, and I will preface here. We have our Investor Day tomorrow. So we’re going to dig into all of these topics probably in much more detail. So if we’re a little shorter tonight, just expect us tomorrow, you’ll have a much more opportunity to dig into all of these levers. International, it looks like everything is opening up fast and we see a full summer/spring business across the globe. Australia and New Zealand have only been – has been the only real I would say slower some of the Pacific Rim a little slower in some of the markets, China, Japan. But for our business, we think most of the business across Europe, international, South America, we start Coldplay March 18 in Costa Rica going down to Latin America. We believe most of our big Lollapalooza is in South America in March and April will happen. And all of our summer festivals in Europe are scheduled to happen. So it looks like 70% to 80% of the business around the world will be open, little bit of Pacific Rim might have some delays.
Michael Rapino: Just had that color that I remember reading those articles, they dramatize, I think they were saying as 15%, 20% weren’t showing, but again, they weren’t taking into account that on a normal year, 7%, 8% of people don’t show up to shows. So you’re already starting at that level. So if you look at what our current data says, we’re basically back to 2019 levels and people are showing up at the same rates are not showing up in that 7% to 8%. The history has always kind of shown.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, I would – we’ll get into this tomorrow, again, in our slides, but we have the two sides of the equation here, right? Ultimately, long-term. I don’t think secondary is a great business, because I believe content will figure out how to price it better. So on the concert side, we’re waking up every day, our goal isn’t to increase secondary sales, it’s to increase the gross for the artists in the show. That’s why we talked about platinum and VIP and better analysis for the artist to capture more of the dollars. So – and we’ve seen that over the last 5, 10 years, every year, the artist is capturing more of it. Now that doesn’t mean that it’s an efficient market yet. It’s going to take some more time for the artist to be more comfortable charging those prices where the market is affected, but it’s happening you see it over time. And then 5, 10 years from now, if you are an artist manager, you wouldn’t want to be waking up seeing lots of secondary tickets for your artists captured outside of your bundle. So our job mostly is to figure out how to get all of that secondary into the primary bucket for the artist. So they make the dollars and then we, obviously, that fires our flywheel. But the reality is, it’s not an efficient market yet. And most of secondary is really in the sports business. So when we talk about the ticket side growing, we were never in secondary, as you said, when we took this business over. We integrated it, we built it, and we – and then we ramped it up fast for all of our sports clients. So we’re the official secondary of the NFL, the NBA of the NHL, and others. And we have been able to grow that business over the last few years, fairly well in the sports business where most of the dollars are. So that business though, again, continues to be a business where the sports teams are getting more and more dollars directly. The NBA, the NFL are all looking at ways to capture the secondary for the team and/or for the league. So we think it’s a business right now that is in transition, lots of dollars outside of the content. We think long-term content captures more of it. But we’re also going to be part of that marketplace that if a fan or somebody wants to trade and sell their tickets, then we want to make sure we’re part of that vertical solution at our marketplace.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, this is Joe. We’re certainly seeing them buy earlier. We’re seeing these numbers benefit from the pent-up supply and the pent-up demand that exists out in the marketplace. I think given that we’re just getting going, it’s probably too early to call whether they’re going to multiple concerts more likely, I think, we’re going to have to play through the year and see more data before we can really make that determination.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, I think we continue to be very excited by assessment. We’ve spent a lot of time with their team. We do think the top line opportunities are exactly as we’ve been laying out. First, we have the opportunity to bring more of our terrain through Mexico was a natural part of our terrain activities. And then second, because of their great strength with LatinX, which are red hot right now, more opportunities to build our market share in the Latin business and bring those into not just Mexico, but in the U.S. So we’re excited about that top line opportunity. They’re getting going as we get into Q2, they’ll get going first with festivals, and then ramp-up the touring business. We expect them to have a very good year, this year. Again, the way they’re structured, their economics really flow through – their – if you look at them, their sponsorship and their ticketing divisions, but we expect them to have a very solid year.
Joe Berchtold: I think it’s probably premature to change your cost structure assumptions with them. As we further integrate Ticketmaster, I would expect that and as we get the concert machine more finely tuned that expected, but it’s – the first focus is driving the top line. if we get the top line right, that business will do great, and then we’ll follow with costs. We’re not going to start with cost because you can’t pick it – you can’t catch up this year.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, in terms of remaining inventory, as you know, a lot of our inventory is what we create and what our sponsorship team has the ability to come up with ideas for how we expand into new categories, and how we take existing categories and break them down in pieces. So we don’t feel generally speaking inventory constrained. The team is often working on a variety of areas, fintech and others that we think can steer still deliver a lot this year and into next year. As Michael said, we’ll get more into that tomorrow. But we still think there’s a great runway in that business. And as you also noted, a lot of these deals are multi-year. So as we establish a new baseline this year, we just have the opportunity to keep growing from that next year and beyond.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think, again, Brandon, you’ll be there tomorrow. Well I think you just have to look at the size of the prize right now. I mean, if you look at it, just from a secondary perspective, how much unrealized underpriced are the tickets, unrealized pricing opportunity, if you want to call it. So I would say right now, Platinum is adopting a great tool to get a higher ticket price, but we still have very low penetration across a global business, huge upside still.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, this is Joe. We see what everybody else sees, which is yes, insurance costs going up. We don’t think it’s material to the business overall. I think we’re in a good position as it relates to inflation more broadly. If you look at inflation of inputs versus your ability to price on the outputs, I think, we’re in a very good position that while you have some price pressures on your inputs, whether it’s insurance or labor. We have, for your first question, a much greater level of pricing ability on the outside, which led us as we talked about, use the same logic as we had last summer at the amps, still drove CM per fan up double digits. So we’re watching every cost is everybody else’s, we understand which ones are movie where, and we’re just figuring out how we make sure we’re pricing overall to to keep our AOI.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. We like every business. I’ve seen employees are demanding some higher wages as you’ve come back from COVID. And as we built our cost – structural cost savings, we knew that was going to be the case. And we built that in and we talked in the past about the levels of those cost savings. So I just rather than get into every quarter trying to reconcile for you guys, well, how does your cost of living adjustment this year impact your structural savings? I want to make it clear we’re delivering those savings, having expected that there was going to be some labor cost increases as we were going through, no different for us than anybody else.
Joe Berchtold: Well, yeah, it’s the same point as what Brandon asked about. It’s the inelasticity of demand for the best tickets, plus the general overall desire for fans to get back to live events. So if they didn’t buy a ticket for the sporting event, or for the concert, they missed out, they’re buying it on secondary, and they’re paying whatever it takes on those best tickets to get in. So as we strive on the primary to be pricing it such that to bring the dollars back the content to the artists, so we think deserve every dollar for their performance. We’re doing that through platinum and through other tools. As we do that, secondary continues to grow rapidly. We’re not shrinking secondary yet. So we have the opportunity to continue to move pricing and primary as I was talking about earlier, while looking at secondary and figuring out how far do we go.
Joe Berchtold: So let me give you some facts on that. Thanks for that question. Because I think there’s been a lot of reporting by anecdote out there, as opposed to reporting by collective facts. And I don’t think our experience is any different than the industry is, as a total. I think that on occasion, you have aberrations for a variety of reasons. But just to give you a macro feel, I’ll give you the – for first of all, arenas in 2019, if you look at the number of people that showed up for a concert versus the number of people that bought tickets, it ran at 93% in 2019. That number thus far, in 2022, over the past six weeks is running at 91%. So not materially different from the 93% for the total of 2019. For our theaters and clubs, the smaller shows, you tend to have a slightly higher no-show rate. And that number was 87% in 2019. It’s running at 83% in 2022. So I think if you first of all recognize that there were a number of shows that have taken place over the past few months that were rescheduled, and when shows get rescheduled, people will naturally forget about the show or have a conflict different than what they originally had. It’s probable that accounts for all or almost all of that difference in the attendance level. So we don’t think that reporting is at all accurate.
Joe Berchtold: I mean, I think if you look at Q4 versus 2019, you – Q4 is generally a loss. It’s a lower activity quarter. You have, as you noted, prepaid advertising running through. If you look at our fan base in 2021 versus 2019, Q4 back that off. It’s not surprising, you’re still carrying your fixed cost plus you have your end advertising all against the lower volume.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, I certainly don’t think of it as a caveat. But unquestionably, you’ve got a timing advantage this year, you’ve got a benefit from some shows that moved and you have a timing in general of a wide open market that we put shows on sale earlier. But that said, we look at all of that and we continue to see every indicator well up. So we think it’ll plateau or normalize some, but it’s still looking to be a very strong high growth relative to 2019.
Joe Berchtold: We think overall that number is real. We think that there is higher fan spending and there is greater fan acceptance of some higher pricing and there’s greater fan demand for real hospitality some higher end luxuries. We gave some specific math last time that wouldn’t have changed much in terms of what was the incremental span versus what was some mix issues, but it is largely what fans spending more money at out the shows and we think that continues.
Joe Berchtold: Well, I think the first thing you got to start with, Jason, is we don’t have a hockey stick. We’re not a COVID business that was floating along with near zero, and all of a sudden took off like a hockey stick. And everybody thought the hockey stick was going to continue forever. When you look at the long-term growth of the business, start with the most macro of GDP spending on goods shifting to experience, on increased demand for luxuries, on desire to go to concerts, on increased ticket pricing to concerts, everything on a global basis, s Michael said, all of this has been we’ve been drawing the same chart since 2010. And most of our investors today, I think, have been looking at that chart and saying the best predictor of the future is the past. And we had a very bumpy couple of years from macro over time. This is a company and this is an industry that is able between their tailwinds, their ability to drive increase market share, their ability to drive global, to bring the supply to the latent demand that exists in the marketplace to continue to grow the business.
Joe Berchtold: But Jason, had those businesses that they tell you for the past five years, they went from $18 to $22 to $24 to $26 to $29. I mean, do they tell you – do they give you for the past six years, every year how they were consistently delivering growth? So we could debate is that growth rate continued? Is there some normalization? Is there a reversion to a mean over a number of years? You can have all of those debates, but don’t frame it as a hockey stick, or somehow as the bumps in the road, the world is going to collapse back down to $18. I think you got to give us the credit that we’ve set a strategy and we’ve executed very consistently for a considerable period, and delivered on sustained growth. So yes, there’s some catch up of a couple of years, because 2020 and 2021 didn’t exist as much. Sure. But that doesn’t mean that they’re aberrations.
Joe Berchtold: So right now, I have in front of me a list of 40 some tours for 2023 that are either confirmed or in our pipeline. Normally, at this point, a year from earlier, we’d have a list of five to 10. So yes, we have a lot of confidence that 2023 and beyond look very good because there is a lot of pent-up supply, there is a lot of pent-up demand, and we expect it’s a multi-year run.
