Michael Rapino: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. As we look back on 2020, it is clearly not the year anyone predicted, but I'm very proud of how Live Nation has dug in and focused on turning this challenge into an opportunity to improve our business. I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their resilience and creativity and acknowledge all of those affected by COVID and the shutdown of live events. Over the last year, leaders across all of our business lines, Concerts, Ticketing and Sponsorship, have been analyzing ways to improve their business. Some of the key initiatives include reorganizing to become more nimble while also reducing our cost structure by $200 million; building concert streaming and direct-to-consumer businesses to expand our revenue streams; advancing our technology initiatives globally while accelerating the shift to digital tickets to meet changing needs of fans, venues and artists; and reinforcing our balance sheet to endure this period while maintaining a strong position to build our business for the future and act on opportunities as we identify them such as our recent acquisition of the streaming platform, Veeps; and continued pipeline bolt-on acquisitions throughout the globe. So, while this past year has been challenging for the company, our employees, fans, artists, and so many others globally impacted by COVID, I've never been more excited about the opportunities in front of us. We continue to have a substantial tailwind in the live event industry as consumers, more than ever, are looking to spend on experiences. The supply-demand fundamentals of the concert business remained strong with artists ready to get back on the road and fans eager to reconnect at events. All our data continues to show that there is substantial pent-up demand for concerts on the consumer demand side. The $2.4 trillion projected surplus in savings in the U.S. alone by June is a key indicator of consumer spending potential. At the same time, surveys demonstrate the high demand for concerts globally with 95% of fans likely to attend a show when restrictions are lifted. This is proving out in fan behavior as well with 83% of fans continuing to hold on to their tickets with rescheduled shows. On the artist side, there's a broad desire to get back on stage to connect with their fans and provide economic support to their bands, crew, and hundreds of others employed each night putting on the show. Given the limited touring activity in 2020 and '21, the pipeline for 2022 is much stronger than usual with almost twice as many major touring artists on cycle in 2022 in a typical year, about 45 artists versus the usual 25, and there remains plenty of scheduling availability at arenas, amphitheaters, and stadiums to accommodate these additional tours with over 2/3 of these venue nights unused by sporting events or major concerts in a typical year. It appears that the timing to release the pent-up supply and demand is now approaching. Vaccine distribution is accelerating and declines in COVID cases throughout most of the world gives us even more confidence that a safe and meaningful return to shows will soon be possible. For both the U.S. and U.K., projections indicate that everyone who wants a vaccine will be able to get one by May or June in Europe and most other markets following a few months later. Given the mass social and economic toll the lockdown has put on the public, we believe there will be strong momentum to reopen society swiftly as soon as vaccines are readily available, and we believe outdoor activity will be the first to happen. So, while the timing of return to live will continue to vary across global markets, every sign points to beginning safely in many countries sometime this summer and scaling further from there. With that, I will turn the call over to Joe for more detail on our financial results. 
Michael Rapino: Yes. I think this summer, we're going to see a bit of a regional model -- a module model. Every day, we seem to have a new state or country talking about when they'll open up. So we're feeling more optimistic than we were a month ago. Lots of artists are calling and looking at how we start up in July, August, September, maybe move things a month. So for right now, we still believe that we'll have enough open throughout the U.K., Australia, Canada, U.S., to keep what we have on the books and the amphitheater booked for now. We might have some certain states that might not be ready, but we have enough states, we think, and enough artists willing to play the open slots if we get to that level in the right markets. So right now, we think we have enough artists. And as long as these states open up to the right capacities, we can start mid-summer into Southern U.S. We could go all the way to November.
Michael Rapino: Yes. We're running about a 3-month lead time. So, we've been talking to our global employees about that kind of timeline, when we kind of have the first show at scale that we think is going to happen beyond 50%. three months back from that is when we can start bringing back marketing production, all of the key venue functions. So, everyone is eager, employees to get back out, and we can wrap up in between the on sale or the announcement and the actual show with no challenges.
Michael Rapino: Right. We look at it -- obviously, we have to solve two different problems. Live Nation looks to be in this space because we think, as I've said before, it's a great complement to our core physical product. We're still not sure if this is a business or a feature, but we think we've been streaming our live shows from Yahoo! Live to Twitter. We stream most of our festivals for many years on YouTube and other platforms. So, streaming a festival or streaming a live show for a sponsor or for other platforms, we've been doing that a long time. This is just now an opportunity with Veeps to do some of that direct-to-consumer on the club shows, amphitheater, festival shows that we think will have that added capacity and demand that will help increase some of the revenue for the artist. So, we think it's kind of like a T-shirt and merchandise in a VIP platform. It's another incremental revenue stream to the current physical show. We think we have a unique advantage because we have the sort of 30,000 physical shows. So, when we're putting those on sale, just like today, we try to sell you an upgrade, VIP package or a T-shirt, for those that can't come to the show -- but possibly even if you come to the show and you want some -- to look at some other camera angles on your phone, we think it's a good complement or an add-on to our physical show. Ticketmaster just wanted to make sure this is a new product. Whether it's like festivals or clubs, we wanted to make sure that they had the capability to service events and clients coming to them saying, "Hey, I have a virtual show going on sale. Can you ticket it for me since you have such a large database and the -- then the scale and competency?" So we're proud that, that team in COVID was able to take some existing software and quickly ramp up and has been able to service many shows around the globe because that's kind of instantly a global product when you're putting a virtual show on sale. So, we think Ticketmaster will probably be one of the leaders in that space. Most of the platforms or most of the live shows you've seen have come to Ticketmaster and said, "We'd love you to ticket it. You have the capability, and you have the marketing reach that we don't." So that's been successful to date. Same business model, it's a service fee model. Most of the platforms you see out there are charging a service fee on the ticket, and that's what Ticketmaster is also doing, and that seems to be the accepted model to date. So, we think it's another product in the channel or their portfolio that Ticketmaster can effectively deliver for the customer. How big of this segment, this ultimately is in the end. I think it continues or will be -- -- once like it's been on YouTube, it's always been an interesting way for a customer to see some of the live show. History says that live show though, thanks to Tiktok and Instagram, is not consumed in mass. Most people don't want to watch two hours of their favorite band. They want to find that one great shot on Tiktok. So, we're still not sure how big of a business a live show is, but it's something that is incremental to our course. So, we'll be on it, same with Ticketmaster.
Michael Rapino: I'm going to let Joe handle the safety part. I'm going to come back to the sales on that one, though.
Michael Rapino: And Brandon, just because you brought it up, just to show you when we keep talking about pent-up demand. Reading & Leeds went on sale, thanks to the government-outlined new plan for the summer, and sold 100,000 tickets in 72 hours. Creamfields went on sale and sold out in 48 hours, over 70,000. So we are seeing the fan and what we've been talking about, they are excited to get back to the show as soon as we get the green lights in these markets to open up.
Michael Rapino: And Brandon, to pick up on that. As you've seen us over the last 10 years, this space, on a global basis, tends to be a lot of small bolt-ons. So we've been ramping up our 100-plus million customers, doubled it over the last few years, and we'll continue to grow those numbers. But we don't have to make $1 billion acquisitions to make any of that come to life. We were talking the $20 million range is a lot of where we pick up a festival, a venue, a promoter that's accretive and in a key market for us. So we'll continue to be acquisitive on our theater, club, global business, any markets we think there's opportunities that arise given where the world sits today. So we will be aggressive on a bolt-on, continued consolidation path while we are able to. We think '22 is a peak year, which lets us start taking a lot of free cash flow and start working towards delevering also. So we think we can accomplish both as we have over the years.
Michael Rapino: Well, I think you look at the U.K. and Australia as kind of the key markets, right, where they went from -- once COVID and they had the right game plan. They have now set a clear date when 100% capacity can happen outdoor, then it's kind of business as usual. So we have not, as to date, done a lot of work in the 0 to 50% capacity business. We don't see that as a viable model to ramp back up fixed cost. So we think we're close enough though where we are with COVID and with all the governors in the states we're talking to, that there will be a clear outline to a 75% to 100% outdoor green light in '21. So we think we're better off waiting for a high bar capacity moment in most of the states to ramp up and talk to the artists about getting paid properly. So we think that's within sight and is better -- is closer than having to dabble in the 10% and 20s, but those are great steps forward.
Joe Berchtold: And then -- this is Joe. The only thing I would add is, if you look at the U.K. as a model, I think what they've laid out is a series of thresholds and timelines to reopen and really get almost fully  June has been very helpful and has really created a big burst of consumer demand over this week. And as a result, if you look at our U.K. festivals in August, Creamfields has already sold out. Reading & Leeds saw a huge jump in consumer demand, and those are both likely to be sold out this weekend. So, we do see that in the U.K. with the help of  we're going to be able to get those festivals to happen certainly in August.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe. I'll start. I think 2021 CapEx is more a reflection of the fact that we're continuing to be prudent in our cash management this year. I think as we get back to '22, we spend CapEx based on the opportunities we see. We continue to see great opportunities on the concert side in terms of going into new markets, adding new venues, continuing to build out that business. So you'll see that accelerate, ramp back up in '22 along with continuing to find ways to invest in the venues that we have to get a fan throughout that portfolio.
Joe Berchtold: Just in terms of the -- in terms of the protocols, number one, obviously, we have some additional cleaning protocols that are in place. Those are not a -- those are not a huge cost. And then one of the big changes is the shift to much more contactless. So as we get the digital ticket really fully implemented and out there, the ability to have contactless interest -- entry, contactless purchase of food and beverage, contactless purchase of merch, all of that is going to improve the fan experience, provide some safety and comfort to the fans, and I think only be a better overall experience.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe, Brandon. I'll start that by getting into some of the numbers. I think part of this is in that -- the $200 million cost reduction that we told you was going to take place. Ticketmaster is a large portion of that. Ticketmaster's cost or, I guess, their revenue was about $1.5 billion in 2019. So if you apply a good chunk of the cost savings to that, you get mid-single-digit margin expansion from that cost savings off the bat. We expect that, over time, as we get even more efficient, more globalized than the Ticketmaster platform, there will be some additional savings. But as importantly, it will let us go into new markets faster. And also, when we add new capabilities in the U.S., those can be instantly rolled out worldwide. So we'll be able to drive revenue along with the reduced cost.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe. I'll start. I think that we're very comfortable with the leverage that we're at now. We are not in a rush to delever. We think it will naturally happen over time given the performance levels that we think are going to be happening starting in 2022. So we remain, as we said, in a very liquid state, around $2 billion of total liquidity, including untapped debt right now. We don't think the vast majority of that will be necessary this year. So it gives us a lot of dry powder as we look at our global set of opportunities and bolt-on acquisitions.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe. Obviously, during the shutdown, most of the venues have been shut down as well. So there hasn't been a lot of specific rollout during the time as much as there is a massive sign-up of venues that are looking to shift to a paperless digital ticketing going forward. And for those that have already adopted digital ticketing to some extent, looking to expand it and really having it be the way that entry takes place.
