Michael Rapino: I'll start and Joe can jump in. On the ticketing, I think it's a double strategy. I think we've kind of stated over the last few years that just generally getting better at dynamically pricing the house, the concert business historically had been a very simplistic pricing model three or four different tiers for the same concert and all the same markets. So we've been a big advocate over the last few years of pricing the house differently on a Friday night versus a Monday in New York versus Chicago and also adding as many different scaling to the house as you can through the purchase cycle. So we've done it on both sides. We had great success on the Groupon side and looking at the discounted lower end of the ticketing business and that's driven purchase. And we think we have the start of a huge opportunity as everyone talks about the VIP secondary $8 billion, all of those facts that are used that they're still a big piece of business that customers and scalpers are accessing through our content. So we think we have a lot of opportunity on the front end of the house to keep pricing it through VIP, Platinum, P1, so the artist can share in the upside versus the secondary business. And we think as we also lower and look at discounts and ways to price the bottom end of the house, we've been driving overall growth per show as well as ticket sales per show. So, both of them working as planned and we think the big runway still ahead of us is we know that there is still hundreds of millions of dollars in secondary ticket. Revenue on top of what we're charging for P1's to date that provides opportunity.
Michael Rapino: Nothing structural about the comment, nothing new on the splits. We absolutely like to remind the artist and the community that we spend over $3 billion to $4 billion a year paying the artists for their art. And I think as you've seen a lot of the other battles going on in the business, we've always believed that Live Nation could be an artist-centric, and having the artists aligned to our agenda has helped us grow the overall pie. But first and foremost, you have to pay the artist for his art. And that comment was just showing you, as we increase our business, the artist is doing well as well as our core business of growing our profitability.
Michael Rapino: I love this, the simplistics of it. Yeah, let us lay it out for you. I think our pipeline on M&A continues to be, whether it's in America or international, we'll continue to look to build our scale in our core business. And whether it's a promoter in Nashville that can excel our business, a festival in America or in South America, we continue to look at promoters as well as festivals that can excel our inventory and that we can manage and build our flywheel around. So, we have an ongoing, always an ongoing active list, and we think we can continue to add a lot of bolt-ons that will continue to drive our overall scale at the right return.
Michael Rapino: I mean, let's leave the theater and clubs separate, but all amphitheater, arena and stadium shows, just given every day that the secondary business is transparent and alive online, is an opportunity for the manager and the promoter and the agent to figure out how to capture more of it. So I would say all – the thematic overall in every conversation we have about a tour or a show with the manager and an agent is how do we make sure we capture more of the marketplace. So, I would say that, we've said it over the last couple of years to slower process because of the fragmented business of a lot of managers and a lot of agents and lot of artists, but overall, thematically every artist, most manager and agent show represents a huge upside potential if they price the house to demand. And we think we have year-after-year, it will grow bit by bit as we increase the Platinum whether its VIP; however, the tool is, but we think most of our shows still have a huge opportunity on the revenue side.
Michael Rapino: No, no rationalizing. We're growing the business, whether we have some – 200 shows would have most likely be at the lower end club theater style that aren't overly relevant to the revenue, but as far as our core arena business, stadium business over there and bigger theaters continue a aggressive growth mandate as what we've been doing there. And we had a very good year in 2016 growing overall attendance and at our key festivals.
Michael Rapino: It would be mostly – most of our business is food and beverage, is where we're going to grow most of our business. And quite honestly, most of it is wet because experientially at a concert one likes to have a beer and other. So, our business and where we focus mostly on is our food and beverage, is where the $2 is mostly coming from and where we think we still have a huge opportunity ahead of us.
Michael Rapino: So Brandon, on the NFL, we're very aligned to their process. It's very typical that the leagues, when they're making these decisions, kind of try to rally all of the owners and have a step back, so we're involved. We ticket most of the football stadiums as well as we head a corporate NFL deal on secondary, and we're involved in the process and we will evaluate at the end as we look forward – as the process gets underway, what's best for us and them. But right now we continue to have great conversations and we fill a lot of their stadiums. So I think we'll look at that and we'll know further sometime next year. On the secondary...
Michael Rapino: Yeah. Brandon, as we've discussed, we think as most people are going through our – that content isn't core to their DNA, publishing to the eyeballs right now is kind of the risk-free version, so we like taking our festivals and our content and publishing them on and selling them through the published arms, whether it's our Snapchat deal with our festivals or selling our Justin Timberlake concert movie to Netflix or the show we sold to HBO on one of our concerts or Facebook Live. So, we think our core business is to take our 26,000 shows, create a great opportunity for advertisers to access 70 million fans onsite, and anyway we can amplify those shows and add more ad units to our portfolio, we think the best model right now is to put those festivals on a Snapchat medium and drive advertising and incremental advertising that way. We always double up and we air our content on LM.com in our app, but like most people are looking to our core is our concerts and the publishing path for us is the way that we can get much better eyeballs and more drive add units right now for our current ad users. If there was a great platform with scale, great, but I don't think you'll see use our balance sheet to try to create an access TV or a concert TV or spend a fortune trying to be destination driven. I think our job is, we're going to make most of our money on 26,000 shows and 70 million people showing up, selling advertisers who want to be part of the onsite and then amplifying onsite through the great publishing strategy where we can also monetize it without having to build the pipe.
Joe Berchtold: And David, this is Joe. On the ancillary, first of all, I mean, we've been very happy with Legends. They've done a great job ramping up and improving the offering to fans at our amphitheaters as we thought I think last year, with them getting their feet wet, making a few improvements. This year was really making those improvements at scale, experimenting at scale with wine bars, grab and go, craft beers, generally improved offering, and we've shown you the numbers from their doing that. That said, we absolutely believe we're still in the second, third inning of the improvements. I think we continue to benchmark ourselves against a well-performing ball club, and which extends the (23:22) per caps there in the $30 plus range and you see us in the $20s. And I think as we continue to improve the offer both for the mass offer, as well as continuing to target the VIP high-end people that want the great experience on the night out, that between those two areas we'll continue to be aggressive in driving the per cap spend over the next few years.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I think absolutely the market continues to grow, but we're taking share. No question. And yes, StubHub is, I think this year, had reasonable growth coming off some issues they had last year. But our focus is really just our belief that if we give fans a great offer, if we give them a great product, and it all starts with that product, primary and secondary together, leveraging the scale that we have of people coming to Ticketmaster and our ability to reach those fans by direct marketing to them that we will continue to grow and take share regardless of what everybody else does in the market.
Joe Berchtold: No, I think we're on a similar cycle as we were on last year. We just see a great pipeline of shows next year and wanted to make sure everybody understood that, that we didn't get some view that this year was unusual in the volume of activity that we had, and we're looking to enter next year very strongly.
Joe Berchtold: No, no. Well, again, we've got a lot of fans. So, what we've done is in our amphitheaters and in our festivals, we grew at each of those about $2 per fan this year from the numbers I gave you. That represents roughly $15 million fans between those buildings that we operate where we have those initiatives with Legends on the amphitheater side and various folks on the festival side. So, I'm just speaking macro general terms. We've tested, we've tested at scale, we've delivered some results. There is now the opportunity to take to full rollout and scale some of those learnings as well as continue to increase the merchandise you were doing for all fans and a big step still to come in how we're delivering the experience on the VIP high-end.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. Well, obviously, we've had a very good season in our amphitheaters, Doug. And along with a lot of the...
Joe Berchtold: But I'm sorry, joking aside, we talked about the on-site ancillary spend, a lot of that is higher margin spend in terms of how that flow through for us, so nothing extraordinary in terms of the talent or the splits or the payments or anything like that with – on the artist side, really I think you're seeing the pickup is more because of the ancillary growth than anything else.
Joe Berchtold: Well, it's all the above clearly, but you can parse out, we've said it was a couple of dollars per fan on the ancillary. So, a lot of that is going to be your stadiums and then within the stadiums, the conversation we've been having about really focused on how we price, particularly the front of the house, capture the value to reduce the leakage that goes into the secondary that the artist doesn't benefit from, and that further takes that up; in stadiums, but also that takes place in amphitheatres and arenas.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, this is Joe. Not at all. I mean, we call it out in particular Sponsorship side, that's the piece that was really hit by the pound when you look at the different divisions and that's just the – where we have a lot of festivals, so where we have a lot of growth in our Sponsorship business. And that's really all there is to it. Then we're not seeing anything else geographically that would cause us any issues.
Joe Berchtold: So, if I split Sponsorship from Advertising, Sponsorship is about two-thirds of our business. The majority of those contracts are multi-year, anywhere from two to four years probably on average. And on the online Advertising side it tends to be shorter lead frame, generally within the year. So, across all that you'd expect to enter – by the time you're somewhere in the Q1, you have north of 50% of your revenue booked for the year.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. What I would say is we have not said it in – using TV commercials, broad media approach. I think if you look on sites or you look in some of the e-mail communication we do, absolutely it's been communicated. Clearly, we work with all of our clients and figure out for their fan base is, particularly on the season side what's the right way to communicate with the season ticket holders around where and how they should be selling their tickets. And I think that's going to be more of an organic ramp-up in terms of how we do that. We're not planning on doing it using TV commercials.
Joe Berchtold: Hey, Rich, this is Joe. Just again, to repeat the facts as I gave it is, year-to-date through three quarters international fan attendance is up 20% year-on-year, and we've had growth in all building types in terms of fan attendance.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, yeah, on the secondary, so again just to be clear, Brandon, I didn't just say we'll generally improve in Q4. What I said is, October had an acceleration from Q3. So it's not to come, it actually is what's happened over the past month. Part of what exists for us is if you remember our deals, as you just said with the NFL, with the NBA, and then we tend to have high performance really driven at the concert on sale in the first week of the on sales drives a lot of that integrated secondary activity. And you'll see the 2017 concert on sales much more in Q4 than Q3, so we just have a natural period of much greater activity which will leverage all the fans coming to the Ticketmaster site in Q4 than we had in Q3.
