Joe Berchtold: Thanks Michael. First, Concerts; Live Nation Concerts revenue for the first quarter was up 29%, and AOI improved by 80% versus 2013, driven by an 11% increase in global attendance at our shows. In North America, attendance was up 30%, with a 34% increase in arena attendance, led by tours with Justin Timberlake, Imagine Dragons and Luke Bryan. Internationally, attendance was up 8%, driven by an 18% increase in arena attendance. Europe, particularly France and the U.K., led this growth with tours, with Depeche Mode, Michael Bublé, Beyoncé and Drake. Through May 2nd, global ticket sales for all shows are up 5% through the same time in 2013, and the global growth has been across all venue types, with nine artists already selling over 500,000 tickets for the year, led by One Direction, Justin Timberlake, Luke Bryan and Miley Cyrus. Through April, we sold approximately half our tickets for the year, and based on sales to-date in our pipeline, we expect to deliver continued attendance growth for the full year. We expect that this growth, along with improved performance in our festival business, will deliver strong growth in our 2014 concerts profitability. One other point to note on concerts is the seasonality of the business this year, with a significant shift from Q2 into both Q1 and Q3. As I mentioned, arena attendance was the primary driver of our growth in Q1, thanks to a 10% increase in arena show count. In Q3, we expect to see strong growth in both festivals and stadium attendance, with all growth in festival attendance projected for the third quarter, and stadium attendance projected to increase by over 50% for the quarter. As a result, Q2 will be impacted by the shift out of arena activity into Q1 and festival and stadium activity into Q3. On Artist Nation, for the quarter, revenue was up 44% and our AOI was $5 million compared to a loss of $1 million last year, driven by the artist management business. In 2014, we expect improved AOI from the artist management, Artist Nation division, from a growing roster of artists under management. Turning to our Sponsorship and Advertising business; for the first quarter, revenue for the division was up 13%, with sponsorship sales up 13% and online revenue up 12%. AOI was up 8%, and AOI growth was slightly lower than revenue for the quarter because of headcount increases, particularly for online advertising, where we have added staff in anticipation of building our online content. We expect this additional headcount to deliver strong growth in online advertising in the second half of the year, as we expand our programming with Yahoo!, launched additional content verticals, and build on our current Live Nation and Ticketmaster sites. Similarly, we expect festival sponsorship to continue growing rapidly, and for the full year, to increase by over 15%. At this point, we have sold approximately 75% of our expected sponsorship for the revenue for the year, and half of our planned online advertising sales. This puts us on plan to deliver our expected growth for the year. Finally, Ticketmaster; for the quarter, ticketing revenue increased 9%; AOI was up 17%, with primary ticket sales up 3% for the quarter, and growth transaction value of the primary tickets up 9%. The concert segment was the primary driver of our ticket growth, both in tickets sold and for the increased gross transaction value, given the pricing on concert tickets is generally higher than average ticket pricing. Geographically, our markets were fairly consistent with North America volume up 2% and gross transaction value up 8%, while international volume was up 3% and gross transaction value up 10%. On mobile, we continue to see a rapid shift of consumer behavior, now accounting for 16% of all tickets sold in the first quarter, up 33% from the same period last year. In North America, ticket sales grew by 26% and accounted for 18% of overall ticket sales, while in Europe, they grew by 69% and accounted for 13% of overall ticket sales. Based on the ticket sales in the first quarter and projections for the full year, we are currently expecting low single digit growth in ticket sales for the year, with AOI growth slightly higher than ticket growth. Overall, given the strength of our first quarter performance and more importantly, our visibility into the rest of the year, we believe we will again grow our businesses in 2014, and continue on track to deliver our three year plan in 2015. With that, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Kathy Willard, to take you through more details on our financials.
Joe Berchtold: I think when we talked about the 10% share that we were looking at the year in its entirety, as you can tell from the numbers that Michael gave, we have been substantially growing our activity each month, since we have been launching our Ticketmaster Resale last fall; because of the seasonality difference, sports league on at different times, we wanted to give that April-to-April comparison, so that you have an understanding of versus April of last year, before we launched Ticketmaster retail to April of this year, the most recent full month that it has been going, that we increased our global secondary growth transaction value 40% year-over-year.
Joe Berchtold: I think we had said on concerts, that we would have a strong increase in concerts division AOI, off of the continued fan growth that we have this year. We obviously, just from our current profitability of our concerts division, will tend to increase AOI to a higher percentage than our fan base. I think the overall message that we were trying to give on a totality, is that we continue on plan with what we have been consistently laying out, and we think that we are off to a very strong start, that gives us some good tailwind to deliver those results this year. And -- indicator to support that.
Joe Berchtold: I think that's roughly right. As you said, Q1 is seasonally low, when you look at the overall level of activity for concerts, just relative to the overall year. But I think in general, you got it right. We had a really strong Q1. We have a really strong Q3, and what we have seen just from a show-count perspective is, I gave the detail on, just seasonally less. Nothing more, nothing less than that, just timing.
Joe Berchtold: I think a couple of factors David. Clearly we believe, that as we continue to develop new products at Ticketmaster, online, the Ticketmaster plus the mobile; we are continuing to give more kind of a better experience for consumers and a better experience that makes the purchase easier. It is always going to help conversion some, is one. Two is, we continue to be very focused on shifting more of our marketing spend to digital and social platforms, using that database that we have on fan interest, fan behavior, historical purchase patterns, what they have on their iPhones, to do a better job, making them aware, getting them interested in the show. And then, third would be, kind of, what's the mix of artists that you have in some of the macro environment.
Joe Berchtold: Part of it is timing for us, with the activity. But in general, its just where our artists, the managers are -- where those artists are active in a particular quarter, there is nothing magical about it.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe, I don't think we are getting that specific. I think what we said is, we had a strong first quarter that we were very happy with. All the leading indicators that we have locked through [ph], point to continued strength through the rest of the year, and we are just trying to, every year, round this time we have a conversation that says, what does the seasonality look like, because we manage it for the total year, not for the given quarters. And this year, its particularly strong in the third quarter, as I talked about festivals and stadiums. Strong in the first quarter, and so by definition, some of that has to come out in the second quarter. But in totality, everything pointing to ongoing growth and strength.
Joe Berchtold: So a couple of things. First of all, the first quarter as you said, there is obviously some mix in there; and the first quarter what you have, is really indoor, so you're seeing arenas, and theaters and clubs. But if you skew towards arenas, you will see just from that mix issue, some increased attendants per show and increased revenue per attendee, generally those ticket prices are going to be higher. So that's part of what you will see in the first quarter. As I talk about the third quarter, when I talked about being strong in the third quarter in particular, were festivals, and seeing our festival growth in the third quarter in stadium, and a lot of our stadium growth in the third quarter. Both of those venue types, just at a broad level, are high ticket price; because you are buying the more expensive full day ticket to the festival, and on average, your stadium pricing is going to be higher than your arena or amphitheater. So you should see some positive revenue per ticket or per ticket pricing from a mix in Q3 yet.
Michael Rapino: On the first, with regards to not so much synergies, but the cost savings as we continue our replatforming, as we have talked several times now. The replatforming project is really an ongoing one that we have broken into a modular basis, so we can start both getting the consumer and venue benefits through new products as well as taking some costs out. So I would say, that our expectations at this point for this year is about a 10% -- sorry a $0.10 per ticket reduction in our costs for our fee-bearing tickets in North America.
Michael Rapino: On the -- I don't have a ton of input on what they are up to, and their strategy. But all-in pricing, we have had all-in pricing available to our clients for the last couple of years, depending on the artists, the team, they want to put all in pricing at the front of the proposition. We do that, we leave it in the hands of the client, while at times, it is -- the position is all in, but we break out the pieces to make it transparent. So we don't think all in pricing, either way, changes much on the purchase intent, but we have it as an option for the clients, if they want to position it that way. But we don't think it does much either way. I don't know what they are up to on their Pandora concert series, I assume they are just looking for some brand extension, but we are very thrilled with the progress we are making on our secondary market share.
Michael Rapino: I mean, we will try to provide the information we think is most relevant. So that you all and our investors can take a read on the progress that we are making.
Michael Rapino: I think what we are trying to be very clear about is, Artist Nation on itself is the division of 15 or 16 management companies, that manage over 250 artists. We spent the year taking out a lot of services and non-core businesses that weren't core to the artist management business; VIP business, merchandise business, graphic artists, things that were in that division that we didn't believe could grow within there. So we took those out, and we have a very strong single minded Artist Nation division, that it wakes up every day, managing great artists, and furthering their careers. What we did say is, we don't believe that division has high growth in it organically. We believe that we are going to run it better, and we are going to add a few artists and continue to change up the portfolio and add some artists that we think have a long term perspective. But the most important thing was that division is kind of over the last year, when the silos got broken down. We were able to embrace that division to a level we hadn't heard historically. And that division's main goal is, with 250 artists, you can now capture and co-op into touring with you, supporting your ticketing proposition and supporting your sponsorship division. There is nothing better than 250 fabulous artists feeding your main pipeline. And that is the structural change that has happened, is that division now reporting directly to me, is much more integrated in our sponsorship, our ticketing and our concert division. So we believe, having 250 strong artists, as a high margin business, generates nice AOI, is a stable and strong business on itself, but more importantly, the numbers we keep telling you, but over the last two years, since we have kind of taken it over, we have doubled the amount of shows that those 250 artists do, that are now touring with Live Nation versus our competitors. So we believe, its an incredible, strong division on its own, but when linked to our core business, can drive profitability in our core concert business on its own, and then ticketing and sponsorship. So if you took last year's number and we were up 25%, we are going to be up 30%. If those 250 artists combined have a few thousand concerts, and now we have gone from promoting 300 of them to 600 of them, that's a great supply chain; and we believe that if we add value to that division, we will continue to gather more concert market share from that division, if we have the best product out there. And that, in itself, even in the core business, you don't see reflected in the Artist Nation financials, but you do obviously see it reflected in our increased market share in our concert division.
Michael Rapino: Yes, absolutely. We have always been very strong in Europe with our festival platform. Our festival platform has been our main driver to our advertising business in Europe, and as we are adding more and more festivals in America and Canada and Australia, we know that our advertising proposition gets stronger, and we have seen that already come to life, with our Insomniac acquisition for some of our new countries festivals, or Made in America with Jay-Z festivals are a great platform for advertisers, and we will continue to build up that portfolio.
Michael Rapino: And just on the economics of that, as we have said many times, the artist is making most of its money on the road. So if my business in general, on a global basis is continuing to grow and Maroon 5s and Rihannas have more and more opportunities to tour, make more money, then the largest part of your commission is going to be your touring business. So a manager going forward is going to have an increased business, just off the basics that his artist is a good touring artist, the tour -- the artist is going to have more revenue and more growth in the future.
Michael Rapino: We know we are trying to fill out, we got it. We are trying to help you, but we are just going to not -- we'd only get caught exactly on 100 shows versus this month versus next, in an overall thesis right now.
Michael Rapino: Absolutely. I think if you look at our business, its what we have been doing for many years. I mean, our business model, whether its an EDM festival or country festival, stadium show or a house of blues, our main job is to create that 23,000 show flywheel that spits out 60 million to 70 million consumers on-site. And from that scale of consumer base, we built 800 plus sponsors, and many of those sponsors are much deeper than a banner ad as you know. They are very integrated programs like the Ford Rider series, which is a whole content program, online series we created for Ford to the American Express front of the line, through the Starwood upgrade, while you purchase a ticket to stay at a Starwood hotel, through upselling a Hertz rental car. So we have got an incredible sponsor base, who want to participate in many of the different genres, and you know, the beautiful part of what our model is, is diversity. A 19 year old or 30 year old or a 40 year old, doesn't live in one genre. Most 19 year olds love Taylor Swift, when they are feeling love sick and they want to party with the latest EDM artist, and they head over to a Rihanna show for pop. So our basics is, when we talk to sponsors, its about the scale of the 19-year old we have, and the amount we can touch, incredible sponsorship programs for 800 sponsors, and then the way we are going to touch and communicate to those customers, is why we always believe in our Ticketmaster strategy, is we have 400 million consumers buying an average of $163 ticket directly for us. We know their name, we have their credit card, we have a communication platform with them. We have now on-site apps at Live Nation and Ticketmaster that are doing more and more for you on-site, and you can see in the future, the value we can bring to the Live Nation Ticketmaster app, whether its upgrading your seat when you are at the venue, whether its buying T-shirts cashless, ordering drinks. So we have already got the scale. We have got the LN and Ticketmaster brands and mobile applications that are talking directly to you ongoing. We have 800 powerful sponsors, who want to participate in that. So we are not obsessed with any specific genre around creating a one-on-one. We are very obsessed with having massive scale, that lets us talk to a lot of consumers about a lot of shows. Now within those brands, House of Blues, Insomniac, lot of our European festivals, they all have their own apps, their own websites and their own customer bases, that they do a great job on a one-to-one basis, talking directly to them, that's kind of a sub-brand. So we have a lot of sub-brands, but we have the scale of the master brands, that really is how we have unlocked the 800 sponsors, and are unlocking our 400 million plus database.
Michael Rapino: We are not breaking that data out specific, it’s a lot of our secret sauce; because no one else in the industry would have the breadth of resources and data that we have. But we have said it out loud over the last couple of years that we believe the greatest opportunity we have, is 23,000 shows and a Ticketmaster, well over 100,000 events on sale, the greatest opportunity we have to grow this business, is to sell 10 more tickets to each event. You sell an extra 10, 20, 30 tickets to -- our 20,000 shows or Ticketmaster's 100,000 plus shows, those are millions of dollars to the bottom line, incremental high margin. And we believe the route to get there, was always the unsophisticated industry becoming more sophisticated with the way it markets and talks to its customers. So taking the three year ago historic unsophisticated industry that spend all their money on print and radio and [indiscernible] shotgun, to this year, we are tracking well over 40% of our marketing spend is now -- lets call it one to one digital, advertising directly to those 90 million Rihanna fans, when you have a Rihanna concert. Talking to them directly through our database, and finding like minded Rihanna facts and activating them. You look three years ago, we sent a billion emails a year, with basically the same campaign, and in 2013, we sent over 1.5 billion emails, and we had over 900 campaigns, customized to different customers to different targets with different offers. And most of those are ending up in a young kid's mobile phone, with some rich video or visuals, and the open rate of conversion is incredibly encouraging. So we do believe that yes, a lot of it is just us, using our data, our customer research and converting our marketing spend to be much more efficient and try to find those 10 or 15 casual fans, that are thinking to go to a Rihanna, but we weren't hitting them with a billboard on sunset, we are hitting with a very direct marketing campaign, and we have got tons of engineers working on algorithms, to figure out how to keep finding a casual and non-buying Rihanna fan, and get her to the next show. And we think the data will be the sweet spot and the unique differentiator on how we bring more and more fans to those current shows.
Michael Rapino: Sure. Thanks John for asking. We are wildly excited. We spent the last couple of years, talking to a lot of different distributors, the obvious ones on, could we repackage some of our content, and not just provide it as a production fee, to help someone else's platform. But could we partake in the branding and the advertising. Kathy and Melissa saw the vision. The deal is in the simplest context, is they have agreed to underwrite the cost to deliver the content and shoot it. Obviously, we have already invested in the show, so we have done our part. We will then co-sell the advertising units, and we will show that on a 50-50 basis, once Yahoo! has recovered its cost basis. We are very encouraged, because we are highly subscribed already, talking to advertisers before we launched it. That's why we you saw me referencing my script, that we will -- this will be a positive revenue channel, almost A-1, and we get our Live Nation branding, which is very important to continue to show 800 sponsors and others, that we have the potential to take these 23,000 shows behind the scenes, on the stage and etcetera, to bundle up some great content. The deal is with Yahoo! The content is owned by both of us for the first, kind of broadcast of it, and then we will revert the rights back to the artist after a certain time period. So part of the value to the artist and keeping kind of the cost upfront low, is let us shoot your show. We don't plan on paying you. We are going to bring incredible audience to your show. We are going to shoot it quality, and we are going to let you reuse that content, when that was done.
