Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first Concerts. Live Nation Concerts revenue in the second quarter was up 26% and AOI was up 61%. The revenue growth was driven by a 22% increase in attendance for the quarter led by stadium and amphitheater shows. Stadium attendance was six times than in the second quarter of last year with almost 3.5 million fans attending 83 shows in what is shaping up to be our largest stadium year ever. Amphitheater attendance was up 17% to almost 4.5 million fans. And while both North America and international attendance were up double-digits, international growth was particularly strong at 45% for the quarter. And looking forward to the second half as Michael said ticket sales for shows this year are up 17% through July 18th and we've already sold over 50 million tickets for shows this year. Our pipeline of shows in the second half particularly stadiums and arenas that are covering all groups including amphitheater, clubs and theaters and festivals continues to be very strong and we expect to increase our show counts for about 26,000 this year. Given the line of shows are larger venues this year we're confident that we'll deliver high single digit attendance growth for the year. And as Michael also mentioned the success we've had growing per cap profitability at the amphitheaters this year, this growth was led by increased concession sales but also benefiting from higher parking, service charge and merchandise revenue as we continue optimizing revenue per fan. On concession, we worked with legends to improve the overall offer and introduce new concept such as grab and go stands while expanding our high end offers with dedicated wine bars and improved VIP rooms. With this momentum across the Board, we expect continued strong growth in our concerts AOI for the year. At Artist Nation, revenue was flat and AOI improved slightly in the second quarter and we expect similar trends for the full year. Turning to our sponsorship and advertising business, ad revenue was up for the second quarter by 17% and AOI grew by 12% continuing its strong performance from the first quarter and growing double digits comping against the very strong growth in the Q2 of last year. The second quarter growth was waged sponsorship this quarter with AOI up 14% driven by new strategic sponsors, increased activity with existing sponsors and increased festival activity. Online advertising is also continuing its steady growth within AOI increase of 7%. At this point with over 275 million in sponsorship and advertising net revenue now contracted for the year, we're confident we will deliver AOI growth consistent with the past few years. Finally, Ticketmaster, for the quarter Ticketmaster revenue was up 23% and AOI up 20%, primary ticketing fee bearing GTV for the quarter was up 20%, strong concerts activity accounted for the majority of our increase in the quarter and growth was strong globally with North America up 26% and international up 5%. Secondary GTV was up 49% for the quarter with growth of 48% in North America and 58% in international markets. The business continues to benefit from our strategy of aligning with content providing fans with their full set of choices with transparency. As a result, we're continuing to see much high conversion rates on integrated inventory events than those with primary only options up now to 50% higher for the first half of this year. And we remain focused on great [ph] rate band product, key amongst these as delivering the best mobile experience for fans. From our continued lab and app improvements, we've increased mobile sales by 47% this quarter year-over-year, now accounting for 27% in overall ticket sales. And given the ticket pipeline and momentum we have in secondary ticketing to the full year, we expect to deliver a high single digit AOI growth with flat year-over-year margin. In summary now more than half ways for the year, we're confident that 2016 will be another year of record top line and bottom line results overall and for each of our core businesses. We also expect record pre-cash flow with AOI conversion into free cash at about the same rate as last year. From a time perspective, we ended up heavier weighted into Q2 from both concerts and ticketing perspective and we thought at the start of the quarter and at this time expect most of our remaining growth for the year to come in the third quarter. On FX during the second quarter, we continue to see a 1% to 2% impact on our revenue and AOI with Q2's impact largely coming from the pound dollar devaluation in the period. If the current forecast of the FX rates hold true, the total FX impact this year would continue in the 1% to 2% for both revenue and AOI. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: And Jason just to the second point on the $150 million of incremental onsite revenue, again to dimensionalize that there is roughly 30 million fans sending our amphitheaters festivals, theaters and clubs so we're talking about roughly $5 per fan incremental revenue from the numbers that Michael gave you fairly with our amphitheater through the type of products introductions that we've made, we’re well on our way in terms of making progress again that number. And I think he also gave you a feel for the types of products that we need to be rolling out that give you a better experience for everybody on the food and beverage opportunity and then particularly at the high end to the provide VIPs experiences and just some higher end products that can be purchased. So none of these are big capital or big complexity in order to do, but there is just product developments and rollout and iterations against what products are working, which one aren't, taking the lessons that we've gotten from our amphitheater this summary and bringing those to festivals and theaters and clubs to get that overall $150 million number.
Joe Berchtold: 100%, we expect third quarter to be very strong, record third quarter for us. I think we simply just saw even part of it was Ticketmaster on sale timing even stronger in Q2 than we expected and part of it is just some of our show timing. So, nothing that would be a lost momentum going into Q3, you can tell from some of our numbers that where we're at today in terms of sold versus the guidance we gave you on where we end up. But yes, still a very strong third quarter.
Joe Berchtold: I think the overall feel is very optimist, very positive, feel better now than we did three year months, it's been a very great Q2 and we expect the great Q3.
Joe Berchtold: It's going very well in terms of the Artists that are being signed and we’ve had some great successes some of the headlines clients like the Kevin Durants. It is not a cheap business to enter and the economics do come overtime in that one. So absolutely that would be a piece of what would be muting some of the overall Artists Nation performance.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe. First of all in terms of the insurance that's all down the road, if anything certainly we've got our policies in place now for this year and haven't seen changes for this year, but that's all to be determined. In terms of our security it’s certainly a priority for us as we think about our fans and our staff and our artists and making sure we've got the right security in place. So, it's been a bigger area of focus. We obviously don't talk a lot about the specifics but certainly it's getting a lot more attention today than it did a year ago. And I think that you'll see various changes to the experience that will hopefully not be dramatic for the fans going to show, but we'll give everybody comfort that we're doing reasonable steps to protect everybody.
Joe Berchtold: Well, as in just a mix and timing issue and we called out that we expect flat margins for the full year. So, that -- you can expect then it'll come back over next few quarters.
Joe Berchtold: So, first off, just as a reminder as we've talked in the past, our number one obsession is driving the cash generation of the business and delving [ph] how much we're generating for our shareholders. We obviously pay attention to margins and focus on return on capital, but number one is the cash generation for the machine we have. So, I think the two business is on the sponsorship side again strong double-digit growth this year against 25% growth in Q2 last year. So comping on a very difficult comp. A couple of things, we drove a good chunk of that growth. One was an expansion of branded content creation by that division. So, we are working with brands, sponsors and a good chunk of what we're doing is creating content that is their brand integrated into it. That is a lower margin sponsorship product. Still very profitable for us but lower margin. Another piece of activity that we have in Q2 that we've been building over the course of the past year is with our festivals in addition to our payment for sponsorship is not providing activation onsite for additional payment from our sponsors. Again this is a lower margin activity because we've got the feet on the street that are doing the activation, but remains very profitable for us. So, that took a couple of points off the sponsorship business. Again stay mid to high 60s margin business for the growing cash generation. On the ticketing side first of all as I said to Ben part of it is timing, and the other part of it is we have discussed before is that while the traditional was host, now Jetsam [ph] chunk of our business is improved, economics, improve margin, there are a number of other specialty verticals that we've been in that tend for various reasons to have a lower margin profile as those grow faster than the traditional business that just has a counter balance for the margins that we've seen improved with Jetsam. All of which has led to substantial cash improvement at Ticketmaster, but doesn't come through in the margin specifically.
Michael Rapino: So the Big Concerts again would just be what we've been doing for many years in the major cities around the world that are now becoming ongoing regular places for big artist to tour, we want to make sure that we have a local office so we can capture all of the revenue and economics when that tour comes to town. So Big Concerts in South Africa or Cape Town, has been the leader forever and one of our partners and now we are able do a deal where we can put our proper base Live Nation business there and now build out the [indiscernible] of ticking and sponsorship. So you'll see that happening over the year, you’ll see that continue to happen where we look for the leading promoter number one or two in that market and then use our scale to accelerate that business and make it an accretive acquisition. Ticket hour is almost an acqui-hire [ph] in the sense, it brought some advanced ticket sport software to our international business same economics over here in America and the servicing obviously the soccer leagues versus the pro sports here. And we were little void in our software in terms of sport over there, so this helped us to plug a whole and provide us a better overall solution for our soccer leagues in Europe.
Michael Rapino: I mean on the onsite I mean was not given in the guidance or exact mix here, but I think we've said out loud from our different presentations that we think is going onsite is a huge opportunity. We've been underdeveloped versus kind of the best in the league, we looked at the sports companies and different venues we've showed in the past. So, yes, we think that we have huge opportunity to keep growing our per head revenue business or CM business annually for the next many years to come because we think we'll probably at the lower end on a per head versus most of the sports leagues here in Europe and as we invest in higher end lines, better products, grab and go stores that we have now onsite, better VIP hospitality we're seeing that continually tick in to that $2 that we reported today. So, we think growth will continue for multiple years on onsite CM as we excel our offering. Digital, you and I have talked, Amy, about the digital overall. The digital is just a continual expansion of the ad unit for our business. And the reason we've been able to continually grow our core advertising sponsorship business for the last multiple years is we want to keep offering our sponsors a wide variety of onsite to kind of online offering. So, having more originally I think it was Yahoo! when we started. Having more ways that we're distributing content on a digital basis, from Snapchat to Hulu to VR, using all of the different distribution arms as kind of the publisher of that live experience. We think that it'll be a key foundation of ad unit to keep given our double-digit growth in our core sponsorship advertising business.
Michael Rapino: I think specifically to your VR, listen, we believe at the core why our business is growing and it's going to have a long run way of growth is experiential onsite is the magic. So, the 22 year old that's going to Lollapalooza this weekend or the 52 year old going to Guns N' Roses reunion this weekend is a magical moment and it's much like going on vacation is lot better than watching a video. So, we do believe that the moat around the castle and the most advantaged kind of offering we have is our scale in live and live experiential, on-site where you get the goose bumps, you experience with your friends and make those Kodak moment, has huge opportunity forward for us. Now of course when virtual VR comes, can we do better ways to bringing the guns and roses show to you in your living room in a more dynamic mechanism than a DVD or a current TV? Sure, and we think those will be great ways to distribute that show make it into some content and help us deliver some advertising. But I had not been, even been in big proponent who is going to convince you that anyway we're going to that take Guns and Roses and have a big up sell at home pay per view or selling that to our show, no matter how dynamic it is on its own. I think it is a great content to extent the show first and foremost the biggest advantage to us is it helps us sell more tickets to the later shows and delivers it some advertising reach and scale beyond the onset. So I think it's great, I think it's great for the industry, will be incredible, ad unit, will be incredible way to sell the concert experience. But most of the monetization is always going to be connected to the onsite.
Michael Rapino: To finish that up, I would say with our core kind of strategy that needed to be worked on was just a staffing of the skill set. So when we brought over [indiscernible], we kind of created an upper end vision that is focusing on as we kind of call -- we do a good job of getting 70 million into the venue, but just like first calls has come back on airline, we needed to have a decided unit innovatively best can practice thinking about the high end part of the business and bringing better products, creating products packages bundles, travel packages, tequila, et cetera. So first we just have to -- we needed to spend more time on the right skill set and this summer we're very excited about bunch of the program we're testing.
Michael Rapino: So, on the first on the UK exposure we've seen zero impact on fan demand in the UK as it relates to the Brexit or any of those concerned. So, absolutely none and yes all of that happened late in the second quarter. But even our forward rates as I mentioned which show roughly flat to bit of decline in the pound still has us at the 1% to 2% for the year. So, we're not seeing anything in terms of either the demand or the translation economics that has us concerned at this point. In terms of Tickethour a 100% the plan is that the Tickethour is integrated into our European Ticketmaster operations and it is the backbone that serves the soccer, rugby and other major sports league through Europe. Again the counterpart to what we have in the U.S. that would serve football, basketball, hockey and so on. So, yes it is to be integrated within Ticketmaster.
Michael Rapino: It's really just I mean -- frankly in part a timing issue and when different tours are out as we saw bit of improvement this quarter, we'll see a bit more improvement we think continuing but it's not a scale business like our businesses are scale businesses, it's job shop business. So, when you make some of these improvements in the amphitheater and you have that then rolled out to 15 million people, we just see a very different scale of impact than you see in a job shop type environment.
Michael Rapino: I think you're right Rich, at this point, we are seeing very robust demands still globally, it's been various events going on around the world on a political and otherwise standpoint, but thus far we haven't seen any impact on our demand, current show, shows down the road of the on sale and really nothing that we can discern.
Michael Rapino: Our philosophy is that we believe we're operating a level. We're going to be number one in all of the genre and our other markets we operate in across all types of buildings. So we haven't any major shifts in genre, we continue to see a very wide set of genres continuing to have strong demand from EDM to country to pop to hip hop to classic rock, but really nothing that has shifted dramatically recently.
Michael Rapino: We think we've making strong measured progress in our mission. Our mission is, we have 25,000 shows in all of these festivals occurring, can you create content and distribute it and publish it to the growing distribution platforms, one to drive your core business and two to achieve some new ad units. And we think we've been making great progress with lots of different partners, we'll continue to see announcements that say we're going to stream these 20 shows on this platform or do VR on that platform or create some behind the scenes document commentary on online to Facebook's, to Twitter's etc. So, I think you'll see more the same I think the progress was made is that we're very credible now with most distributors. Most distributors want to meet with us and talk about can we bring that great live content to our platform with either being a live stream or behind the scenes or live documentaries or artist interviews, access behind the scenes at festivals. So, I think we've been moving very nicely and we're very pleased with our progress and we'll continue to do more content on platforms and drive more advertising.
Michael Rapino: And then just to jump on that I always like to remind people that there is a vast majority of shows we promote not in our venues. So, there's difference between when we own the amphitheater or festival and our internal security protocols and how we make sure we have metal detectors and et cetera, versus when we're promoting a show at someone else's venue. We have lots of the -- if you want to call it the security capital risk cost associated with that. So, a majority of the shows, the high percentage of the 25,000 shows are not within our venue network. So, we've two very different kind of strategies, one you can control and one you can't.
Michael Rapino: I think we'll have -- venues will continue to elevate. We see lots of them doing a good job, but the good news is that's not our cost to bare and it's just our charge to decide where to put the artist.
Michael Rapino: I'll answer the second first on the backward, on our international ticketing, we actually have the most important market in international the UK and Australia and Canada. They are all -- have always been and are on the close platform, so they are on the business and that's where at the end of the day most of our business is centered and where we want to share and extrapolate all of our cost and product development. When you get to decision like staying, where you're running a separate platform over to the very small piece of your business those urgency to take get on one platform are not on our list right now, they're running local currency. Most of the Europeans are on still retail system where you're buying tickets at the bank or the shopping mall a very retail oriented, not years behind kind of where we're today. So our priority has always has been the big markets like the UK, Canada, Australia to leverage our product development which we have been doing. We've had great growth in the UK over the last few years. And most important what was the priority was to make sure we excel the secondary in the European markets, unlike Ticketmaster in its prior life who waited too long and they have to play catch up. So our biggest priority in international was when we acquired Seatwave and with our GetMe product which integrates secondary and now 9 plus countries where we're now the market leader in the secondary business over there and are very proud of that. So our strategy is in the big markets internationally. They are sharing product innovation and underlying to our current strategy around primary and secondary. The slower markets overtime will look to integrate them into global platform, but those will be minimal upside from a cost advantage in the near term.
Michael Rapino: I mean international is like concert business. You only -- right now international is always going to be one or two people that are already the leaders. So you may acquire somebody not because you're so much interested in their platform, but you just acquiring the cost of the contracts and the customers. So historically when we have looked into extension, we may acquire a company just if that's the quickest way to get scale and ticket inventory. We can rollout -- our current platform, we can rollout into a new market today. We don’t typically tough right now look at a new market and enter with our new platform if we don't have tickets scale behind it. So, our short term strategy in international when we took over and continued to be -- Ticketmaster was in, I think when we took over ’14-’15 markets. Our goal was to get into the European markets where we had scale and start matching up concerts, inventory with Ticketmaster platform and then step two grow market share in those markets and that's where we've been and that's where we'll see the fruit kind of bear from the tree for the next few years on growing our market share in Spain and Italy and France and Germany, where we have already got content versus obsessing whether we're in a new market or not right now.
