Michael Rapino: Yes. Thank you. I think we've been saying for a few years that over time, we believe that, that secondary 10 billion, 12 billion, depending on what number you see globally has to start getting captured by the artist at some level. It's just too transparent. The more they see all of the online pricing while they work so hard to put that show on. So I do think that right artists looking at us saying, I'd like to count some of it in the front end. I don't want to be sold out at 10 01 at $200 to have someone else make $2,000. Fans not getting a deal anyway, they're spending $2,000 from somebody else. So I do think they're looking and saying, the front of the house, can we capture some demand? Now, the advantage is the, artist has one objective as we do as the venue to fill every seat. So you're never looking for the gross, you're looking to make sure that every seat is filled for the best experience. We want that. We just want that. So I do think the new dynamic pricing, the better we have become, these tools to the artists, they're looking at the holistic picture. Maybe I can charge a bit more in the front row. I got to charge less in the back row because net I'm going to sell through the back end of the house that maybe is always spot in our business. Now if you can still get the same gross, but you can lower the ticket price in the back part of the house, that's a win for everyone. So, we're right now -- Joe has the exact math. We looked at it yesterday. It's still a small percentage of the total growth is price platinum and/or dynamic, 1%, 2% kind of numbers, and really nonexistent outside of America. We just -- so yes, there's a long runway where the artists will look at the small, again, even as much always, as you heard about the Springsteen sale, than 1% of the tickets were priced a little higher to capture the second business versus 99% of the house. So to the artist, I think they'll look at us -- and then the premium, the dynamic, how do I better price my product, fill the house, lower the price on the back, capture more of the front, and we think that's got many years of runway for us to expand on a global basis.
Michael Rapino: All right. That's a lot. I'll try to take some pieces. We work for the artist. We're a B2B business. The artist is that decides when they tour, how they tour. Our job is to provide all the tools, platform and services to help them succeed in that tour from -- a year. Now our decision is -- they're genius brand managers. They have to balance the needs of their fans, supply demand and pricing. And some brands, like the Rolling Stones, have been very good at always saying expensive experience and we're that proud and enable to deliver that brand position. But I think artists are always trying to find a fine line on how do I make the show accessible? How do I make sure all my fans can show? How do I price it fairly versus how much money can I make? So I think they see that. I think today, while the technology is advancing and they're starting to look at more technology and more pricing data, I think they can now -- good shows and realize that some ways they keep price, 1, 2% of the house higher and achieved some of those economics versus the scalper while still pricing 98% of the house at a very stable brand position. So we can achieve both. This is an industry that for 30 years, we would do a tour. They would set three ticket prices 140, 79 and 39, and that will be the three prices in every city for every night for the market, as you know. That's way it's going to operate forward, a different price on a Friday in New York than Indianapolis on a Tuesday. So dynamic smart pricing, now that we're able to provide that sophistication, the bands are much more sophisticated. And they're now able to have tools to figure out how do I price it better and -- some better economics, get some of the leakage of secondary, but still maintain an overall ticket price, leaving dollars on the table, but still finding that balance between the consumer demand, the brand and the slippage of the economics to secondary they've been losing.
Michael Rapino: Yes. But I think we're just addressing because the marketplace. The consumer obviously gets a little -- time when at 10:00, there's lots of secondary tickets, right? So historically, the Bruce fan would have been sold out at 10 and had to go to a secondary to buy that good seat. So today, we're sorting through that process where we can provide information to the fans. But our job at Ticketmasters is put every sale on ticket -- provide none into the secondary market and provide all the data to the artists that they can invest up and down and as the market adjusts.
Michael Rapino: No. I said it before in our last call, I mean, we looked at the last recession, there was a single-digit back in some ticket sales, but we were -- years ago, not even in the same -- indication on pricing nor did we have the tool. So yes, we look at data pricing now, dynamic pricing, look at all market data algorithms to figure out what is the price point that we'll sell through. And we do believe that because of the upside right now in the premium secondary side of our business, that if we had to pull back ticket sales and dropped prices by 5% or 10% to match supply/demand of inflation, we have so much flexibility in pricing to get that done and still sell through the house and lower price if that was needed for a band to sell-through tickets.
Michael Rapino: The number one goal is to set -- their number one goal -- sell every ticket. So there are always going to be in a variable -- of how do I price it -- what do I got to reduce our end of house, front end of the house? What do we need to do a sell-through on a Tuesday night in Indianapolis? Let's adjust pricing.
Michael Rapino: Well, I think in our investor conference, we wanted to kind of highlight -- I think it's always been an under -- strong business, but we've put more focus on it from an operational design development. We've got over those 300 venues. We manage -- we've been adding 20 to 30 a year over the last few years. As you know, Boston been an incredible success in which will provide more return. And those 30 that we have in the pipe now, another 75 behind of those on a global basis are everything from clubs to arenas depending on where the hole in the market may exist. And we see great platform there. And as we've said before, when we show in an operated venue that we have the sponsorship and the ticketing and the food and beverage and all the revenue streams, that's our highest return for us.
Michael Rapino: Yes, we're seeing no difference right now in demand across the globe. You can look at, I guess, Springsteen just went on sale last week, global stadiums across Europe everywhere, sold out just as fast in Europe as it did here similar to Post Malone, Kendrick. So the tours that are selling here are selling it as fast in our international markets, Latin America, Mexico, continue to see completely record demand in all those markets. We're also still seeing walk up strong at our festivals and on-site as of last weekend, right? So that's kind of current data. There's still spending money. They're still buying tickets at high demand. So we have pullback yet in Europe or any international market.
Michael Rapino: Yes, most of that, I think it was Asia reference. We're currently in 40 countries, hundred offices in 40 countries, varying degree of market share from the U.S. to Cape Town or South Africa. So we've got a global platform, and that was always our first priority. So we can say that any artists, we can put you on the road in any market sponsorship make it happen. Then when we get kind of our flag in the ground, we start to maybe launch or build festivals, operate venues, build up our ticketing, sponsorship and the model and the flywheel start to work. You can kind of look at our business across the globe, different markets we're in varying degrees of that growth. Latin America, we were very, very undeveloped in all markets. Obviously, now with OCESA, we've got that flywheel in Mexico. We bought festivals in Latin America with Rockland Rio and then bringing Lala, a lot of couple of promoters. We're going to get some venues going. So the flywheel is starting to work in Brazil and Colombia and Argentina, but we're kind of go from zero market share to big opportunity there. So that will continue to be a big focus for us. Western Europe, there's still some markets we're undeveloped in whether be Portugal or Spain, certain markets, we don't have the full flywheel and you'll see us continually add a festival or a promoter or a venue to those markets. Asia, we have a good platform. We have people on the ground. We've got a really strong business in Australia and New Zealand. But as we moved up to Pacific Rim, we've been slowly building the flywheel in all those markets. Japan is probably the one market that's the best and biggest in that market. We've got to do more work on that. But we look at Asia as really undeveloped territory, low market share, huge opportunity over the next while. We like everyone else in the world, we look at Asia, we look at Latin America, and we're looking to the Middle East and Eastern Europe is areas where we have no real market share. But that consumer now on TikTok knows that Drake dropped the video last night, whether they live in Singapore, India, Cape Town. So we've got a global product, and we've got lots of opportunity to keep growing.
Michael Rapino: But it will be -- why we look at our business as global. In the U.S., the arenas, NBA, NHL and NFL clog up the venues in the fall into the winter. But that's why we take a lot of these artists now and say let's go to Asia Pacific and Pacific Rim and Latin America. Let's get off-site middle of America and go to those markets as those open up. So there is a big 12-month-a-year business on a global basis. This industry is focused too much on the U.S. Western Europe summer business. But you are right, as the business expands in a lot of those markets, you have a 12-month strong market where you can put a sell-out show in other markets while you're waiting for a summer business here.
Michael Rapino: I think we were clearing things a bit. We were not moved by the thesis that might have been for a moment that live is duplicated and digital. What we've always said that this magic two hours, you have to physically experience this. But we love the . It's a very unique space. It can't be duplicatable. But we've always said that we have all these shows and the most accessible, especially in dedicated fan, but you can expand that show and there's an audience that wants to watch their favorite artist over the weekend. We had an incredible broadcast on Hulu for today's high-quality filming and broadcasting live  festival, fabulous. So we've always thought the screen is an extension. It's great for our sponsorship business, where we have 900 sponsors looking always to be part of the show, both on and off. So, we love beats, we love the opportunity. We're doing thousands of shows. And we think it's an ancillary business that helps our overall sponsorship business as well as our committed festival business. Our business is so big now. I wouldn't say it's a material piece on its own. We never thought it would be, but it's another service we provide to both the artist, festival and sponsor, and it's something you have to be in.
Joe Berchtold: This is Joe. Yes, I'll take that. I think we laid out a handful of factors that we think were some combination of timing and one-offs that impacted this quarter. Asia Pacific is not fully open yet we've got the organization up and running to prepare for being open. Just the structure of OCESA's P&L is they really drive their economics through ticketing and sponsorship whereas most of their cost structure is in the concert side. We talked about some operating cost increases for our operated venues, still driving per fan profitability increases, but you have some costs there. And then it's just -- I wouldn't over read one quarter. I gave you in mind, for instance, that a lot of this was in international markets that we had our growth, less growth in this quarter in North America. But then we have a lot of growth in Q3 in North America. As I look at the numbers overall, North America, if you look at our 100 million tickets, North America has 30% growth. So as that flows through and Q3, you'd expect to see some of that flip it around. I just don't want to read too much into it.
Joe Berchtold: Sorry, Brandon. Sorry, Brandon. Sorry, just one comment I have to respond to. Your commentary about trickling out tickets, that's not a practice. That's not something that is the norm or something that we do. I think that the speed of ticketing has to do with just what's the pace at which some of them sell out with the theory being for some artists, if they price a lot of tickets at market price, they may not all sell out in the first hour, so it has nothing to do. Ticketmaster takes all the tickets. It gets -- puts them directly on sale. It does nothing to try to limit supply or anything in that manner. So I just want to make sure we're crystal clear on that.
Joe Berchtold: The other part of the buffer, Brandon, is just the secondary market itself, and how big it is, its continued growth, right? I gave you the numbers. The secondary market for us grew 140% this quarter. So that tells you that even if some pricing is going up on the primary side, the secondary is growing up -- going up even faster, both in terms of volume and price points. So our first line of defense is keeping our eye on secondary and using that buffer if there is any variations in demand.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. I'll use as the basis, the 100-or-so million tickets that we sold through July because I think that just -- that gives the numbers and the facts. And as I indicated, within that, the U.S. is up about just over 30% and international was up 40-odd percent. So you have strong organic growth across both North America and international. Our primary acquisition, of course, would be OCESA, and that would be somewhat less than half of the international growth. So the international growth, even absent acquisitions would be in the mid- to high 20s. So again, this is not an acquisition dependent growth? This is organic plus acquisition.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I'll take this. Michael is having some audio problems here. I think that what we're seeing is a very broad-based, high priority of going to concerts against fans that are interested in going to concerts. So it's a bit of all of the above. We're certainly we have people who haven't gone to concerts in a long time going. We have concerts that will go to one, now going to two. We have concerts -- we have people that are going to many. So it's not -- I don't think you could pull it apart as one factor. I think you're seeing a broad-based high demand return to shows and when they're there, a broad-based pattern on site.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. As Michael said, the dynamically priced tickets represent a very small percentage of the overall tickets. So it's not going to be felt by most people. I would -- I don't have the exact numbers. I would guess that it's less than half of the impact is from that. And then there is a general increase. I can probably use the fact that the entry price of $33 is up about 5% from 2019 as a proxy for what's going on with the overall ticket pricing. And then maybe the remainder is driven by the more front-of-house activity. And again, those numbers are -- because there's a lot of attention on how much the overall ticket prices are up. If you look at the U.S. market, the U.S. is up between 12% and 13% in terms of inflation over the past three years as a comparative.
Joe Berchtold: Yes, we're still in early innings. This is the first summer that we're really deploying at scale, the data and the technology so that we can reach out to fans once they bought the ticket, do upsells, first people who are going to shows that our venues, connecting them with sponsors, seeing some very good increases in our upsell levels as we talk about some of our average per fan spending, and the increase on premiums at our amphitheaters, for instance, more premium parking, more premium entry, VIP clubs. It's certainly enhanced by our ability to reach -- have a platform that can reach out and sell to those fans effectively, and you're not depending on them just figuring it out night of. So we're very happy with the early progress we're making.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. This is Joe. I gave you some numbers that in our amphitheaters. We do expect to have about 1 million more fans attending shows than we had in 2019. So, we're certainly seeing an extension of the amphitheater outdoor season, particularly through the more southern states. Theaters and clubs have always been very active in Q4. Arenas tend not to be quite as big just because it gets -- the routing gets interrupted by more of the holidays. So, we'll see a bit. I don't think it will dramatically change.
