Michael Rapino: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. As communities reopened, we're seeing the pent-up demand for live events play out as artists and fans are eager to reconnect in-person. In the U.S. and U.K., we're seeing strong ticket sales and the restart of our concerts and festivals highlighted over the past weekend by Lollapalooza and Rolling Loud in the U.S. and Latitude in the U.K. hosting three-quarters of a million fans combined. With the vaccine rollouts increasing throughout Canada and Europe, we expect additional markets to open up broadly in the coming months. And momentum for the return of live has been building every month, with ticket sales and concert attendance pacing faster than expected, underscoring the strength and resilience, the Concert business, live events in general. This progress combined with our cost discipline has enabled us to deliver positive AOI for the second quarter, well ahead of where we thought we would be for this quarter. We expect to see for the ramp up accelerate to the rest of the year with all segments returning to AOI profitability for the second half of the year, then it's up for a full-scale 2022. As we put more shows on sale for this year and next, ticket sales are the best early indicator for concerts and our overall business. To that end, June was Ticketmaster North America's fourth best month in history for transacted ticket volume. This was driven in part by our U.S. Concert division, putting the highest number of shows on sale ever during a single month, 50% more than the next highest mark back in 2019. In Concerts, our or recovery this summer continue to be led by our outdoor events at our festivals and amphitheaters. We expect to have over 6 million fans attend our festivals during the second half of the year, with about two-thirds of our festivals increasing their attendance compared to 2019. Most of our major festivals sold out in record time, while average ticket prices have been 10% higher than 2019. And while still early at our amphitheater shows over the past few weeks, we have delivered strong double-digit increase in average per fan revenue and onsite spending versus 2019. Looking forward to 2022 and that 2023, all our leading indicators continue to point to a roaring era for concerts and other live events. Starting with our Concerts division, every major venue type arenas, amphitheaters, and stadiums, our pipeline indicating double-digit growth in our show count and ticket sales relative to 2019 levels. In some cases, our pipeline is so strong, we are extending our planning into 2023 and even beginning to discuss tours that extended to 2024.  The same time, Ticketmaster's leading edge technology continues to attract new clients, adding 11 million net new feed bearing tickets so far this year, already surpassing any previous full year growth. As a result, Ticketmaster is set to benefit in 2022 from both increased Live Nation concert ticket sales, as well as additional sales from new clients. In our Sponsorship business, our brand partners have maintained and grown their interest in live events, with contracts and sponsorship up double-digits for 2022, where we were at this point in 2019 for 2020. As our revenue is rebounding, we continue to evolve our business to maximize opportunities and the global recovery and strengthen our flywheel. We have structurally reduced our cost basis by $200 million, making us more nimble and converting more of our revenue AOI. We have integrated our Ticketmaster team globally, enabling us to work toward a global product roadmap that will both reduce our costs and increase our flexibility and speed to deploy new client tools and approve our marketplace experience. And we continue to build our direct to consumer business initiatives ranging from streaming concerts NFTs to artists merchandise, bringing more value to artists and deepening fan relationships. These enhancements combined with our strongest supply and demand dynamics our industry has ever seen are fueling our core flywheel strategy and setting us up for multiple years of growth, attendance revenue, and AOI. And with that, I'll let Joe take you through more details of our results.
Michael Rapino: So, I'll start Joe, and then you jump. Most of our 2022 new tours wouldn't be on sale yet. Most of -- what you see on sale is what would have been rescheduled from 2021 are already on sale. So, we have a large on-sell slate plan between now and end of the year for most of the big global tours that will go out in 2022. And we're not -- we're very content with our 2022 lineup right now. We're talking mostly about what to add now into 2023 and 2024. So that idea that -- it's just one year of -- our bigness isn't really true. We've got three, four years here of strong demand that we're going to smooth out over the time, so everyone can get the right markets and the right Friday nights and the right dates. So, we see a good few year run with all this pent-up inventory.
Michael Rapino: I'll do demand side. I think we -- from the data we're seeing so far, everything we seem to be putting on sale is doing better than pre-pandemic. So, demand seems to be pent-up most of what we see going up for 2022 is great quality, tourists and artists. So, we would expect, as we've seen over the last 10 years, demand, overall for live on a global basis, has continually been growing.  We like to always point out, we think that the product is still under priced, given all of the secondary business. So, this is still an attractive night out for a fan. And now that artists traveling more around the world, the fan base has grown for live as a functional -- entertainment item. So, we think global demand will continue, have double-digit growth as an industry for many years to come as the global landscape continues to grow.
Michael Rapino: What I would add, Brandon, I think the most -- Brandon, I wouldn't say the most important thing you said is what you lead with is the fact that ASM owned by AEG and a private equity fund, the largest venue management company, obviously did their homework and debated their own ticket options and renewed with Ticketmaster, because we ultimately provide the best global solution in ticketing for them. I assume they would have liked to have used their own in-house ticketing system. But I think our relationship and what we've done for all those venues for so long, won us that business, the met renewal. So that was a very important renewal, a very good testament to Ticketmaster. I give the ASM management team credit, they put their bias aside and what was the best option in the marketplace after looking at all options. So, we are very proud that that's a very good testament to the Ticketmaster core competency. You hit that part for sure.
Michael Rapino: And you can update your Twitter now that we've talked about COVID and Delta. We assumed it would -- what happened on this call.
Michael Rapino: And I would add to that. I think the only piece that we're working through right now is the -- all the part-time employees that are on the front of the line at the amphitheater, at the festival, we're going to be rolling out soon our kind of mandated vaccine for our employees. We're going to move forward and be very progressive on ensuring all our employees are vaccinated. And we're going to move lower with artists and managers, where we're seeing there -- the likes of these artists that are going to want fully vaccinated and tested shows as ways to continue to keep the show moving forward. So, I think that the biggest challenge we've had is just scrambling on a day-to-day basis with part-time employees back, and abiding by different local COVID laws, mask, no mask, now test no test. I think that's been our only real challenge from an HR and communication. So, hats off to my frontline. They're doing an incredible job, running, hard, trying to adjust, and we're going to move to more central protocols now on mandating the backseat and helping them out, make sure they're all safe, too.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. David, this is Joe. I think what we're seeing is a shift to increasing requirements for entry of either vaccinated or tested or fully vaccinated. We had Lollapalooza over the last weekend, very successfully done, over 90% of the people were fully vaccinated, which I think was a great signal in terms of people's commitment and support of being vaccinated in order to go to these shows. So, my expectation is that we will see that continue, whether at the artist's level, at the city level, like New York just announced or large crowds, frankly Lollapalooza certainly went above and beyond what was happening at baseball games in Chicago. And similarly, I think, in other markets we're going above what others are doing. So, we'll continue to focus on that. I think the great news is that at this point, the discussion is around what are the requirements to hold the events? What do we need to see in terms of vaccinations and testing? Not hearing discussions, certainly in the U.S. or the U.K. about impacting those shows to any scale.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. At this point, we've probably done about 50 amp shows that we've gotten the data on in time for today's call. And as we said, all of that looks to be continuing to trend up. People are buying more food and beverage. We're selling more VIP packages, more upsells. So, in general, the pocket books are open. I think it's pretty mature to get any real specific inferences. And I think it's also just -- it's a little bit early to get the specific impact of digital ticketing. We believe that eliminating friction always helps commerce, but we probably won't have the data on that till our next call.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. It's really happening on a global basis. We're seeing it in the U.S. We're seeing in Europe. We're seeing it in Asia. We put out various releases in terms of -- as we've been picking up some clients, but I wouldn't say that there's one market or one type of client in particular. It's pretty broad. I do think what's resonating is we've been very loud in terms of artist clearing the extent to which we're continuing to invest in ticketing, in the shift to digital ticketing and the benefit that that's going to be giving to the teams, the venues and the customers. And that seems to be working with the clients we're talking to.
Joe Berchtold: And then, John, on the TM margin, I mean, clearly, I spoke in my comments that we're looking this year, that we're going to be reducing our total cost structure by about $800 million relative to where we were pre-pandemic. And the $200 million structural savings is a subset of that. So, what we're navigating this year is the pace at which we bring back some of the costs versus the pace at which we ramp up activity. And it's not going to be totally linear. We had a great month of June in TM, and we're finally getting back to scale there and we expect to have nice scale with Ticketmaster in the second half, but the first part of the year was lower scale. So, overall, yeah, we expect margins to improve, because a large chunk of that $200 million is going to come out of Ticketmaster and that would just naturally flow into a margin. I wouldn't try to overly analyze the single quarter and let's get you a few more quarters at more traditional scale, with more traditional costs and staffing over the next six months.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I think the exclusive approach has worked well for the venues and the ecosystem is a large part of how the venues get funded and how the venues then make the rental costs approachable for promoters and artists. So, it's an ecosystem that's worked well in the U.S. and the Ticketmaster, as you know, has been a very large source of funding and the profit stream for the venues. I wouldn't read too much into this. If you look at ASM scale, that's not a common, typical scale in terms of the number of buildings they have. It's also a fairly unique situation where you have somebody who owns buildings. Who's saying, we're going to let you bring in Ticketmaster regardless of the situation. And they control both sides of that decision-making. It's not something that we are looking to do or that we see as any real mark of the industry going forward.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. Just in terms of overall 2022 expectations. First, it starts for us with what are the concert bookings. What are the show count look like? And from that, our expectations on the ticket counts, both of which we think, again, are up relative to 2019 based on what we said. And I think as we've gone through the past three months, whatever we said three months ago, we're more confident in that at this point. And as a result, we expect then revenue and AOI growth relative to 2019 as well to be and sponsorship, then we'll be a part of that expectation, up double-digits and committed sponsorship. Usually you'd have -- I mean, we've talked about how much of our sponsorship is in the form of multiyear, multi-million dollar, multi-asset strategic sponsors. That's a large portion of our sponsorship base. So, last -- we probably wouldn't be talking about expectations of growth for next year already at this point, unless we had a pretty good feel that a lot of it was committed. 
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. Start with, as you know, unfortunately we had to furlough a reasonable number of people over the course of the last year. At this point, we've brought back over 90% of our furloughed staff, of those we've called back over 90% have returned furlough. We had a fairly low turnover rate and we think turnover rate at, or below the overall entertainment industry. So, we feel very good about how we've been able to retain staff. I think it's a testimony to people's commitment to our industry and the culture that we've built here. So, in terms of the core people that are the ones that we've talked about, bringing back the shows, bringing back the ticketing and the sponsorship, those people are in place. As we've put on our shows in various amphitheaters and festivals sites around the country and around the world, we've been able to get the volume of people we needed. It hasn't been a material cost impact, taking in total. And we've had to work a bit harder at times to find the people, but it has not impacted our ability to put on the shows.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. Those were certainly the two largest components, concerts and sports. And we'll again in the second half as we relaunch -- second half relaunch, NBA, NHL, NFL, all of those at scale. So you'll have a big full season of the three major sports. And at the same time, you're going to have a massive on sale for 2022. I wouldn't try to parse exactly which one's bigger than the other in a given month, but those two will be the two key drivers as they were in the past few months.
Joe Berchtold: We just -- our comment was for the sum of Q3 and Q4 that each segment, we expect to be AOI positive.
