Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first concerts. As Michael said in 2017, we grew attendance by 21% to a record 86 million fans, once again promoting the vast majority of the top global tours, including six artists who each sold over a 1 million tickets for concerts during the year. Looking at the markets, the North America attendance was up 13% over 54 million fans and show count was up 14%. Internationally, attendance was up 39% and show count is up 11%. Attendance was up across most of our venue types with arenas, stadiums and theaters, and clubs, each growing attendance by over 4 million fans for the year, and with each of these venue type increasing both show count and attendance per show. Only amphitheater attendance, coming off a record 2016 was off slightly as we saw several acts playing stadiums or indoors, last year. Globally, we also continued growing our festival portfolio, adding 12 festivals to give us a global portfolio of 97 festivals in 14 countries. As a result, we increased festival attendance by 14% to over 8 million fans and now have 27 festivals that each attracted over 100,000 fans last year. Looking specifically at the fourth quarter, concerts revenue was up 53%, while AOI was down $12 million, largely due to timing of prepaid marketing spend, which was up $16 million year-on-year. As Michael said, we're optimistic that we will continue growing concerts AOI in 2018, we already have five artists who have sold over 500,000 tickets for shows this year, and show count is looking strong for the amphitheaters and arenas. Plans are also in place for continued growth of on-site spending which we expect to grow another $2 per fan in 2018. Turning to our sponsorship and advertising business, in 2017, our international business, particularly Germany and across Asia, was a large driver of our sponsorship growth, with revenue up 30%, while North America grew 13%. Both sponsorship and online advertising contributed consistently with revenue of 19% and 16% respectively. For the fourth quarter, revenue was up 11% and AOI was up 7%, as we comped against a 2016 fourth quarter that had revenue growth of 22%. Finally, Ticketmaster, global GTV was up 6% for both the quarter and year-to-date driven by GTV, which was up 17% and 15% for the quarter and year respectively. Primary GTV which accounts for over 85% of overall fee-bearing in GTV was up 17% for the quarter and 15% for the full year. Secondary GTV was up 18% for the quarter and up 16% for the full year. We continued our shift to mobile ticketing over the year with mobile ticket sales up 35% accounting for 33% of our ticket sales in 2017, and we also grow our app installed by 37% to 43 million. At the same time, we improved conversion rates across our platforms, up double digits on both mobile and desktop for both primary and secondary tickets. And on margins, as we expected on the last call, adjusted for our legal settlement and legal fees associated with the lawsuit, our AOI margin for the year would have been in the 20% range consistent with 2016. As Michael mentioned, ticket sales through February 2019 were up 5% and we expect Ticketmaster to be deliver mid-single digit ticket growth for the full year. In summary, 2017 was a great year across all our businesses and we expect 2018 to continue the trend. From a phasing standpoint, we expect the majority of our growth to come in Q2 and Q3, particularly as we deliver on our on-site fan spending and sponsorship initiatives. As a result, Q1 AOI looks to be largely in line with 2017 results. On FX, we ended up with a 1% or less impact on AOI and revenue for 2017. And at this point, we don't see more than a 1% to 2 % impact for 2018. I will now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Hey, Brandon, it's Joe, I'll take the first two and Michael can take the last one. On the Cowboys, I saw the same article as you did. I guess first of all just looking at the NFL broadly, I think we feel very good about our position with the NFL and the teams, as you know, they're working with us to launch digital ticketing for the first time, any league on a very broad basis. So, we think they're a great partner with that. We're aligned with them on the secondary as their official marketplace, we get all the links from their websites, we get all the season ticketholder inventory posted to our secondary. And then by competing with SeatGeek and others, we think will end up with the vast, vast majority of all of the teams doing their primary ticketing with us. I think, hard to comment on a specific thing, but what I will say is that, what matters to us most in general is what's the business model and what's the scalability of the business model. We spend a lot of time working on how do we make sure we have a very competitive business model, talk a lot about our flywheel and the different pieces of the business model, and as we go into every negotiation, we ask how do we make money? How do we scale this business? And how do we see the overall flywheel for growth? So, when I hear stories as you did about competitors giving substantial portions of their equity to get a contract, to us that would generally imply that it's not very scalable, which gives us more comfort with it. And frankly also sends a message out in the marketplace, I assume if you're the next guy talking to them, you're asking where your big chunk of equity is. So, if anything I think it seems that it makes it harder for them to scale if those reports are true.
Joe Berchtold: On the organic growth point, we haven't broken it out exactly, but yes, if you back out the Songkick, generally what we've seen in the past is, is that of our total growth, 75% to 80% of its organic, as you know we're acquisitive with a lot of little tuck-in acquisitions, but 75% to 80% of the growth that you see would be organic. So, it would be in the back out Songkick in the low teens AOI organic growth.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. Amy, this is Joe. On Amazon, frankly we see the same things that you do that they have decided to pull back in the UK and the U.S. for now. I don't know that it was ever as much about secondary. So, we don't see a big share shift there. Most of the foray that they had in the UK seem to be primary related. They're obviously a competitor or player out there that we respect a huge amount and we'll see how it plays out. I think they learned some of the complexities of the business and hard to say what happens next with them. In terms of the ticket guidance, that was about ticket count. So, I don't think we were guiding exactly the revenue and the other pieces yet as you know and Kathy mentioned that will go through revenue recognition changes. So, I think it's a bit premature to get into the revenue side of it.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. No problem. So, I wouldn't, John, say so much improved sellouts has reduced the number of unsold tickets for any given show, meaning upon average shows that 25%, 30% of the tickets not sold out, it's every 3 point or 4 point reduction in that, that we can get. That's a big benefit to the artists, big benefit to our overall flywheel strategy. So, we are absolutely seeing continued improvement, we look at it as is, our job is to make sure we're filling the shelves, we're getting people to show up and we're getting people when they show up to convert. So as we talk about all of the elements, each of those improved substantially through 2017 and data was absolutely a big part of it, as we get better and better at targeting with our marketing, targeting better with our search optimization, as well as improving the experience in driving conversion when you are at the mobile sites or on that desktop.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. On-site spending, again, we're going to continue to do a lot of what we've been doing, continuing to get more and more granular, which unlocks the next round of sales, so it's continuing to add more points of sale, limiting those volumes for particularly in the middle of the show when you have the intermission, it's focusing on making sure you've got the right product mix at each one of those points of sale, optimizing pricing against your competitive environment, and what you see a price elasticity of demand is, and then it's also continuing to roll out at a bit higher scale, some of our on-site experiences and VIP offerings.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, I think that's for the quarter John, is that your estimates, because I think we talked last year already, we were over $1 billion in GTV, so this year we'd be well over that. I think at this point we're in – somewhere in the 20%s, but as we talk now for some time we're not – we're more obsessed with the Verified Fan and the pricing and really bringing the value on to the primary than we are at the exactness of a secondary share, we want to make sure we've got great product for the consumer, which we have we believe with our integrated inventory. We want to make sure we've got a very effective technology and product for artists and for teams. And we think that over time that helps create the most effective and successful marketplace.
Joe Berchtold: Sure. David, this is Joe. I'll take both of these, on the ancillary spend I think you got it right at the end, which is we continue to believe that we get to $30, and that's just the first target we have and then we reassess and go from there. Every year we've got a wide range of initiatives that we're testing in a handful of amps. We've rolled out to a broader set of amps and we have every amp running with, and then we'll do the same this year. So, we'll take some of the stuff that was successful last year and we'll expand it, and we'll be trying some new things this year. But everything that we've seen has shown that we continue to track right where we thought we would be in terms of adding a couple dollars a year and continuing to chug towards that initial target. On the sponsorship and advertising, the brands that we called out are a mix, some of them have been working with us for a while, and are adding new ways that they want to try to reach some of our fans and some of them are new. We've focused you I think on a couple of areas: One is looking for a major sponsors, what's the continued rate of growth of those sponsors, which was way about 20% last year; and then the other is looking at some of our more direct on-site spend and how much does that continue to grow. So, I think those will continue to be the couple of things that we focus you on.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, and again what I gave you on the marketing was just the incremental year-on-year. So yes, every year is a lot that was just happened to be a big growth Q4 for the marketing that as you know we have to expense. I think the other is just as we continue to get bigger and bigger, right, we're at 86 million fans, 30,000 shows, it was only a few years ago that we were at 50 million fans. So we have grown very rapidly, tremendously. A lot of that growth if you look at it, I think continues to be very Q3, Q4 driven. So that does – as your organization grows, that does put a bit of a cost burden on your slower volume quarters, in your first, in your four, in terms of just their ability to drive revenue relative to their costs, that then disproportionately comes in more in Q2 and Q3.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah, this is Joe. I don't think we've gone out with any specific numbers. So we're probably not going to do that right now. But we'll start to deploy the digital ticketing at our amps this summer and that will be the first real use of them that will go into some of the NFL in the fall, and then really get broader and expand from there in 2019. So, you'll start to see again I think us doing it with ourselves first and then it will be expanding at the NFL level, and then at other specific team levels in other arenas.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, it's Michael, Brandon, Verified Fan, we're thrilled with our launch. It's a new idea for artists, we're happy in 2017, we had some of the biggest in the world from Springsteen to Taylor, U2 adopt the idea of trying to lock down your ticket directly to your fan at the price you wanted. So, we saw a great success in getting fans, the ticket direct at the price, always still going to be secondary tickets, that wasn't the main goal. Main goal was, can we convince artists that if they start pricing the house right, increasing their P1s, we can then also look at how we can deliver those P1s directly to the fan. And over time, we believe through digital ticketing and technology, the artist and Ticketmaster will continue to be able to deliver tickets directly to registered fans at prices artists believe and agree on, and for us that's the way we make the pie the biggest for both of us. So, we had a lot of artists on Verified Fan and we expect it to grow this year in 2018.
Michael Rapino: It's Michael. It's a pretty broad statement as you know, we have over 90 festivals in varying degrees of sizes and scales and some of them are start-ups and some of them are Lollapaloozas and established, so there is no kind of simple way of looking at, are they growing or more profitable, we look at the ones that either are existing in the main markets we have, we look to build on those and the big ones that you know about the Lollapaloozas, et cetera, are doing fabulous. And then we have a whole host of either start-up or middle ones that we are in the process of growing and maximizing like BottleRock's. So we look at a very portfolio and a market approach to festivals. We'd like to have kind of covered in all areas from start-ups to established with different growth rates.
Michael Rapino: Hey, Jason, our deferred, Joe will explain you, you have it backwards, it's a good day when our deferred is up.
Michael Rapino: Okay. But just – again to set the facts straight, deferred revenue was up which mean we sold more tickets for shows in 2017 for 2018 shows than we sold in 2016 for 2017 shows. So that would be one of our key leading indicators that we were going to have another year of growth in 2018, I just make sure we got that straight for everybody. But to your point on the ticket supply, the supply, your correlation again would be I think, we would look at it quite differently, I think history says that the artist was very reliant on record deals with $50 million, $60 million, $70 million record deals in the old days.
Michael Rapino: So for many, many years you toured to sell records and records was a high piece of what a superstar income was derived. Over the last 10 years that's dramatically declined obviously and today we're streaming even more successful artist like Drake who maybe the most Spotify-ed streamed artist in the world, is going to make 95% of the money, his income on the road. So, at the end of the day the artists, we're thrilled that streaming is exploding, the more artists -the more consumers around the world that continue to consume music and find out about superstars and discover music is great for us, and the best part is the artist ultimately still looks the road as the ultimate way that he is going to drive most of his income on an annual basis to build his audience and connect with his fans. So, we think it's a great correlation that the business is healthy and the artist has great pipes distribution to spread his art, but ultimately we believe that the trend will continue where being on the road it is very important to his economics.
Michael Rapino: You're good, John. You love to tie these together, but I can't give you much on it. Sirius is an interesting board, it was something for me to experience given the Liberty family, but other than it's in the Liberty family it's continually business as usual. On our side, we look at Spotify, and Sirius, and Apple, and all of those platforms as ongoing promotion tools, that we'll use in our business. But today it was just day a Michael Rapino decision to be on the Sirius board to get a little bit of an exposure to a new business model, nothing else to read into it.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, it's not that important. We don't – we've been spending most of our as we said out loud for the last few years, our conversion in selling more tickets to the concerts has been about direct marketing and online. So we've shifted over the last few years most of our kind of traditional advertising to more online mobile advertising, which has been effective. Not to say iHeartRadio and radio stations around the world aren't still important to the artists especially when they're on cycle and launching a new album or single. So we do spend some money on radio still and it's one piece of the pie, but we shifted most – a majority of our advertising for concerts now is more online and direct.
Michael Rapino: So I think yeah in my comments what we said is, is that international revenue was up 30% driven by Germany in particular and across Asia for the business and North America grew 13%, and that's both sponsorship and online were up pretty consistently with revenue up 19% in sponsorship and 16% online.
Michael Rapino: Yes, it's Michael, we've never had a 100% of the NFL team. So, historically, there's always competitors that are TicketsNow and Axxess and other guys who've been at the table when these teams are up. So, SeatGeek's the latest we expected that as others. We knew that when we secure the overall relationship with the NFL that the competitors would then use those funds they didn't use to win kind of the national deal to go local, that's the usual model. We believe in the end, we're going to continue having close to the 31 teams, we'll lose two or three as we historically have done. And we expected SeatGeek or our competitors to be there at the table with the teams as they're up. We've renewed what we needed to renew in 2017 and we're on course on 2018 for renewal. So, I just would say not trying to discredit or competitors, they're always there, they've always been there, there's always a competitor at a sports teams door looking to challenge, and we don't see that any different this year than we have historically. And a competitor like SeatGeek is probably going to overpay, take some lost leaders to build their business. We just again, I think, Joe's point was, we look to both the New Orleans deal and the Cowboys deal, we know exactly what they were offered. You wouldn't want us to win that deal. We don't believe that it's a sustainable model, what that they can offer that to 30 teams, you only have so many pieces of equity. So, we expected them to be strong on a couple of teams or three, and we expect to win the majority as we have in business as usual. We're very, very happy about our overall NFL deal, because we redefine that deal to be much more in our favor going forward on how we can actually drive our secondary business. So, overall we're thrilled with the overall relationship of the NFL economics for Ticketmaster both the league and the teams and didn't see anything new that we don't see or haven't seen historically with the competitive bidding process of the ticketiness.
