Kathy Willard: Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon everyone. I will start with our key highlights for the fourth quarter. Revenue increased by 12% to $2.6 billion, AOI was $69 million compared to $87 million in 2017, after adding back in $110 million legal accrual recorded in 2017. As of December 31, our deferred revenue related to future shows was $1.1 billion, up 35% from the $816 million last year. Concerts with a 12% increase contributed the majority of the revenue growth in the quarter from increased arena and theater and club activity. Sponsorship and advertising revenue was up 20% from higher sponsor and online activity in North America, and ticketing revenue increase 15% from higher primary ticket volume. Fourth quarter AOI was lower in concerts due to the $15 million increase in advertising expense for 2019 shows that Joe mentioned. Sponsorship and advertising delivered 16% growth in an AOI with higher online advertising in North America and growth in sponsorships internationally. Our operating loss was $90 million in the quarter, essentially flat to last year after adjusting for the legal accrual. The net loss for the quarter was $148 million compared to a loss of $137 million in the prior year, before the legal accrual and $56 million tax benefits related to tax reform changes in 2017. For the 2018 school year revenue was $10.8 billion an 11% increase over 2017.AOI was $829 million for the full year, and up 13% over our 2017 AOI $735 million before the legal accrual. Free cash flow Jessica was $481 million up 8% over last year without the legal accrual, or 58% of AOI for the year. Other segments delivered double digit growth in revenue for 2018. The majority of the increase was driven by concerts up, 11% from increase show account and attendance across arenas, amphitheaters in theaters and clubs. Sponsorship and advertising revenue was up 13% from growth in online advertising and sponsorship programs globally. And ticketing revenue increased by 14% from higher primary ticket volume driven by concerts along with increased secondary sales. Concerts AOI was up 22% as a result of more events and fans, across arenas, amphitheaters festivals in theaters and clubs and higher ancillary revenue per fan and or amphitheaters, Sponsorship and advertising AOI grew by 13% in line with this higher revenue and ticketing AOI grew 7% without the 2017 legal accrual, delivering growth in both primary and secondary ticket sales. Although impacted by the cyber investigation costs incurred this year that Joe noted. Operating income was $273 million, up 35% over last year before the legal accrual driven by our strong AOI growth. Our net income for the year was $60 million as compared to $48 million in 2017 before the legal accrual and the 2017 tax reform related tax benefit. We recorded $78 million of accretion of redeemable non-controlling interest in 2018. We currently expect this accretion to be approximately $45 million for 2019 which will be consistently spread across the quarters. We expected amortization of non-repeatable ticketing contract advances in 2019 will be in line with the last few years of expense. Turning to our balance sheet. As of December, we had total cash of $2.4 billion, including 859 million and ticketing client cash, and 903 million in net concert event related cash. Leading free cash balances $610 million. Net cash provided by operating activities was 942 million as compared to 624 million last year with the increased driven by our higher event related deferred revenue. For the full year, total capital expenditures were $251 million, roughly half of which were spent on revenue generating items. For 2019, we currently expect our total capital expenditures to be approximately $300 million, with a similar split to this year for revenue generating expenditures. Our total net debt as of December 2018 was $2.8 billion with a weighted average cost of 4.2%. Thank you for joining us today and we will now open the call for questions.
Kathy Willard: So on Rock in Rio, I think it was outlined in the 8-K pretty clearly. But we do not consolidate that at this point. So it's equity earnings when the event happens.
Kathy Willard: So, yes, it’s a fair way to look at on the fourth quarter, but I mean we market every show, right. So, the normal accounting for show accounting is that the advertising expense is the expense when the show happens expect at year-end, that we have to expense anything that's on the balance sheet for future shows. So, you're always going to have that effect every fourth quarter just like we have.
Kathy Willard: And then on the investigation, cost investigation continues, that we would expect to have some level of expenses in 2019. We just haven’t given you specifics on that.
Michael Rapino: Amy, it's Michael, I'll jumping on TM. The one thing to think about also on ticketing outside of North America, it's probably, let's call it 15 years behind the U.S. model was so advanced on a closed platform and just increasing service fees every dollar for 20 years. International, we see great growth in that, some of those markets may only have $2 service fees today, but they all have great pricing potential for the next 10 years. So a lot of these markets today are lower so to speak, there they literally are still distributing over the local bank and we have a retail strategy converting to online. But we also see international has a great opportunity to that is where we actually have great pricing power. And every year we're seeing the service fee going up to reflect kind of closer to the U.S. model overtime. So great profit pool to grow internationally outside the U.S. Canada. And Amy starting second question and Michael can chip in. The question that has grown 125 million fans from our 93 million fans M&A versus organic. The complexity here again with us is we will often use M&A to enter a market buying local to be relatively small, promoter one who's well established that market. And then we can on our engine of 80 tours that we're buying on to that area. So whether we're talking about a local market here in North America or promoter down in Argentina, we rapidly grow organically off of that initial platform that we're purchasing. So we end up with 70% 80% organic growth as a result, but we but we do use absolute M&A for that initial entry point. Yes actually let me took the words out. I mean, we historically have had a fairly balanced model, well over 30 of our business to be acquiring more tourists globally and three markets on our own and growing the overall business by showing more tickets to the current tour, and then we selectively on bolt-on still look at the global opportunity of a fragmented industry. I think we use that 30% global market share. So we'll continue to bolt on, there's a few chunk here ones we would look to acquire to Excel that and organic. And those three combinations are how we grew over the last five, six years and we think will continue to execute both runway on bolt on and an organic.
Michael Rapino: I'll start and Joe can fill in some pieces. I don't think we've done anything that we haven't been actually done for a while. We still believe that the U.S. Canadian market, let's put those two together. still have growth ahead. We are still under servicing in markets as we've talked before about. We serve a lot of opportunities to build one of our businesses and a lot of in the A market. We have low market share in a lot of big market. So U.S. still has great potential, we still think sponsorship is a double-digit growth business in America. And we see, I think the concert business continues to be on-site hospitality, real estate expansion and incredible frothy opportunity in the U.S. So it's not an easier either. We continue to execute with great confidence that it's you can invest in America. But we absolutely have always said that it's a global business and as we build out the pipe in 40 countries, and we look at all the other cities around the world where we have no market share or learn. As we put in the best promoter in a ticketing platform and our global concert which then follow usually sponsorship in ticketing, we have that model down in major cities and when we got those 3 to 4 legs of that still in Milan and Cape Town and real, we know we can build $10 million to $20 million business. So we think our whole bunch of opportunities international where we don't have the four legs we might have one leg, that's why you see us by a festival in a major market and major promoter in a different market. As we fill up the legs, great opportunity organically will happen to our scale. So we'll be doing that for the next 5 to 10 years. We'll be talking about 30% market share and lots of opportunity to build International Business platform. It's behind America and a lot of the ways I just mentioned on ticketing. So, we see it probably as a higher growth potential from unsophisticated in both sponsorship ticketing and venue development. So all 3 of those, you'll see our opportunities over the years called about the apparatus we want to get built to consistent demand that we know is we had a console anywhere and that's the part to makes our model unique. So continue to grow international that'll be a great start for us, for many years to come with diverse enough now, but the certain market is having a good or bad day will be okay and have enough risk aversion. And the U.S. will continue to have a deeper bench to grow on ourselves.
Michael Rapino: Yes. I think I would frame it slightly different than -- I really don't recall all five of your questions Brandon is that the --
Michael Rapino: No that's fine. No, it's a valid point. We absolutely see a huge opportunity. If you look at our core business model, I'm sure people are sick of the phrase and I do appreciate the book you enrich of let me patent from flywheel long before any other businesses nailed that one. So, yes, we have a big flywheel of concerts and we're going to wake up every year, finding new adjacent businesses that we can monetize because of the flywheel. And no one in the world has 30,000 shows and 100 million people walking in the door. So that's why we believe in the U.S. and onward with its endless growth opportunities. One of them happens to be the venue, the real estate. For many years, we were happy to putting our content in someone else's venue and getting a ticket free and inserting ticket to the door. A lot of the times as we've said in our in our different analysts meetings, when the content ends up in my amphitheater or my festival, or my theater and club, we even make more money because we're now counting more revenue streams. And we look now at the real estate market in America, the advantage we have is there's way more real estate to their artists. And if you are a developer right now, with a shopping mall to a development site, you no longer are probably asking the movie theater to be your tenant you probably come in a Live Nation saying, I'd love to build a 2,000 seat or 4,000seat to 6,000 seat. I'd love to be part of our development because that's the vibrant part of the experience we're creating. So what we're doing now is when those meetings happen and say we're not happy just to ticket until you're building, we want to have equity value in that position and operate and run it to maximize all of the value that can be created from our $6 million a year. So instead of maybe paying somebody millions a year to reach their building to run it while we fill it, there are times we're going to look at hero strategies and real estate where our content is the entire reason the building is being financed for the building is growing in value. We should capture not just the content, not just the food and beverage, but the equity value of the real estate holdings overtime too. So, we're seeing more and more opportunities where our flywheel is putting us in a position to do have some equity ownership and control and some great assets that are completely down the middle completely down the line of a concert live venue. And you'll see us explore more of being more leverage in our content.
Michael Rapino: Well, it will be our first time with movie accounting. So, we’ll see what audits look like, but I would say in just in general, we are thrilled with this division. It's another I just mentioned it earlier, we have scale, we have artist relationships, great stories to be told. So, we started a new division organically. I think we've done five now we've probably got 10 to 15 projects in the pipeline of artists are telling great live stories or movies or documentaries or festival stories or et cetera. So we think that's division is obviously a much higher margin business from the conscious space. It's a low capital intensive business but ultimately is a great marketing platform for artists our shows and Artist Nation division. So we think, we're not really working 2019, it will be a small overall contribution to our agenda in AOI. Overtime, I think it's a like Artist Nation, we think it's a nice high margin ancillary business to our core mission that will be a positive impact. But ultimately, we’ll make AOI to be positive much like we learned with Artist Nation and others, they also end up feeding mother ships. So, Artist Nation, star is born is probably the single greatest marketing exercise we could have did for our sponsorship division. If you are in that division, those kind of things just really setting the flywheel very high and get you in the CMO meeting and other conversations that you hadn't been before. So, we're looking at the pieces always in the end of ancillary business, get us one more tour, one more sponsor or one more ticketing contract and make high margins AOI, it’s a triple win.
Michael Rapino: Sure, I mean, the sport side is obviously key historical foundation to the ticketing business. As we talk sports is also on friendly more static level. There aren't -- there's not a lot of growth in terms of the number of teams or number of games played in the season for the major sports. So, it's really been the concerts business that is driven great growth over the past several years of ticketing. Again, we've given this statistic several times around 80 percentage of fee-bearing GTV growth coming from the concert business. So, it's critical on the support side as they built incredible arenas or stadiums. They're looking to continue to sell those buildings every night, just not just when the games are playing. Those provide platforms for the tours, the artists that we work with, they continue to put on more shows. And it's putting on those more shows that we've been able to grow the business. So, it's not the sports directly, it's the sports indirectly, that's been unlock have a lot of Ticketmaster's growth.
Michael Rapino: I mean, that's the challenge. You can't assume consistent on sale because there's no exactness to that. We said that we're up double-digits in terms of concert events and tickets sold through mid-February. So that to us is the key leading indicator that we're off to a good start for this year.
Michael Rapino: The economics for us of presence versus other systems, digital tickets versus paper tickets is the same economics for us. So, it's not going to be a direct impact on the AOI. Ultimately, what it is by increasing the volume of data, the quality of data that we have on every fan and then on their behavior, the increased ability to reach out on target, interact with those fans while they're on site because of that digital connection will unlock our sponsorship and the value of those 93 million fans that we have for the brands. And we will unlock our ability to better market, create products, and ultimately convert those fans into additional purchases. So, it's not directly the presence rollout itself.
Michael Rapino: Yes, it has no impact on our day-to-day business. We're not facing in the conference center management business it's a scale venue management business, that's not what we do. But between the two of them the building that they do have, we have an existing Ticketmaster contract with SMG. We feel they’re buildings the ones that are Manchester et cetera. And we received a call the minute that was a public announcement from them to reassure us to fill the buildings and ticketing their businesses a huge strategic imperative of theirs. And we've always looked at AEG facilities, our SMG as partners. They all need us to put more shows and fill those venues that they're managing. And they have all probably experiment elsewhere and ended up realizing Ticketmaster also happens to sell them the most tickets. They're managing those buildings for someone else generally. That someone else doesn't care about competition they care about results. So the reason we're the largest supplier the AEG's facility business or SMG or others just because it's good business for both of us. So they're not a business to run will continue to be a good supplier to them. And in return I would assume a ticketing partner forward. So no effect from us, continue to think that we'll grow our business equally well. And we've been growing it in both of those companies over the last five years.
Michael Rapino: So, I'll take the three or four part venue question, David. So one of the things we said is that growth this year is expected, and amphitheaters in North America and the arenas globally and stadiums internationally. Last year, we grew our amphitheaters in North America and you saw, if you want to talk about margin benefiting concert simply because you have all of those food and beverage and other ancillary per fan revenue streams directly associated with our amphitheater business as we talked about that's the most profitable and when we can monetize them, and all those rates in our own buildings. So that helps the overall margin if you will, I don't, because as we told you many times in the past, but we don't obsess on margin. We obsess on growing the AOI, I couldn't tell you the exact margin ramifications certainly not by quarter. But I can tell you that I do expect us to benefit and continue to grow in AOI ff the amphitheaters and their continued growth. And that's largely in Q2 and Q3 period. And then you'll see the same with festivals as we continue to grow our festival business. Again, benefiting from those attractive on side standing against Q2, Q3, so a lot of the benefits from the concert growth will continue to see all primarily in the second, third quarters.
Michael Rapino: And there aren't, again the plans that are out there have been announced, they're the events in Brisbane. No other event has been announced at this point.
Michael Rapino: No, no. It's just been in our resources time execution. We have a prioritized list and the first 3 or 4 years that we bought Ticketmaster, we had 14 platforms. So, a lot of what, we’re just getting all of our backend enterprise platform rebuilt. So, we could move into new markets was a common platform just adjusted for currency and taxes and retail. So, we have a robust platform now and we're just rolling out market-by-market in our prioritize list. It's just people, energy and time to get it done no companies exists with the, we have a big enough market share on a global basis that would inhibit it. They’re usually local operators or local ticketing companies, they may have a leadership position, but our content usually lets us come in with a strong position. So, what is they’ll able to see us adding market-by-market and are building within the markets were in brick by brick over the next few years.
Michael Rapino: Absolutely, we foresee this becoming the standard of our access control entry and how it is we distribute and manage tickets. So, the focus is getting the large ones first which stand drives Paul, the Ticketmaster for the adoption as opposed to be out there trying to push it everywhere, but starting with Live Nation from amphitheaters to clubs and theaters. And they're major sports team and then going in wildest possible from there. It's a same thing as Michael just saying, it's just matter of prioritization execution to get done all of them.
Michael Rapino: And, Doug, that's a good think. Like you want that number to be high, which we don't spend marketing unless we have the show. So, the good news is that you look at that number and say than they have a lot of show went on sale that will monetize in '19. So which is an accounting we have to actually true it up at the end of the year.
Michael Rapino: Don’t expect it to be somewhat less than the $15 million at this point in the millions, but it will still continue and won't be material on the similar things. End of Q&A
