Joe Berchtold: Thanks, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first, concerts. Live Nation Concerts revenue in the second quarter was up 14% and AOI was up 9% on a constant currency basis. The revenue growth was driven by a 7% increase in attendance at our shows for the quarter, led by our festivals and arenas. Festival attendance was up 77% for the quarter to over two million fans as we increased the number of festivals in the quarter from 18 to 23 and had some activities shift into Q2 from the third quarter. Arena attendance was up 35% to over five million fans at 600 shows, up from approximately 450 shows in 2014. Looking forward to the second half, we're confident that we will deliver mid-single digit attendance growth and double-digit AOI growth at constant currency for the year. As Michael said, ticket sales for shows this year are up 7% through July, and our pipeline of shows in the second half, particularly the fourth quarter, is very strong and we expect to increase our show volume to about 24,000 this year. At Artist Nation, our Artist Management business, AOI fell in Q2 as we invested to launch new service lines. For the second half, we expect the business to perform more in line with the second half of last year, with timing weighed more to the fourth quarter. Turning to our Sponsorship & Advertising business. Revenue for the second quarter grew by 20% and AOI was up by 23% at constant currency, continuing its strong performance from the first quarter. Online advertising was particularly strong, with overall AOI growing 29% at constant currency as we continue to benefit from the structural shift towards digital advertising, particularly advertising targeting millennial audiences. Looking at our different markets, European online grew by about 55% and North America was up about 20%. Sponsorship revenue was up 22% for the quarter at constant currency, with both North America and Europe up consistently and Asia now contributing a material impact on our growth. With over $250 million in sponsorship and advertising now contracted for the year, we're confident enough to increase our expectations for the full year to low-teens AOI growth at constant currency. Finally, Ticketmaster. For the quarter, Ticketmaster revenue was up 2% and AOI was flat as global GTV increased 6%, all at constant currency. Primary GTV for the quarter was up 4%, with a slight decrease in tickets sold. Recognized ticket fees were negatively impacted by the increase in deferred ticket sales for Live Nation Concerts as seen in our 20% year-on-year increase in event-related deferred revenue, up to over $1 billion. Given the flow-through of these deferred tickets along with the expected on sales, we continue to expect low-single digit growth in primary ticket volume and mid-single digit growth in primary GTV for the year. Secondary GTV was up 38% for the quarter, as we continue to see the success in our strategy of aligning with content and providing fans their full set of choices with transparency. As a result, we are seeing conversion rates on integrated inventory events 30% higher than those with primary-only options. And our volume of events with integrated inventory continues to grow, up another 29% for the quarter. We expect secondary GTV to continue delivering strong growth for the rest of the year, with almost two-thirds of our volume in the second half and the fourth quarter being our largest quarter, given the combination of NFL, NHL and NBA games along with our concert on sales. In addition to this ticketing growth, we have now taken the steps necessary to reduce our cost base and deliver our North American tickets at a cost per ticket that is $0.35 lower than it was in 2012. Overall, based on our ticketing GTV projections combined with cost reductions, we continue to expect to deliver high single-digit AOI growth in ticketing at constant currency for 2015. In summary, now more than halfway through the year, we are confident we will deliver 2015 on plan. With regards to FX, we saw similar results in the second quarter as the first, with revenue impacted by 5% and AOI impacted by about 6%. On timing, we expect Q3 to be largely in line with last year and a strong Q4 across our businesses. Our concerts pipeline for the fourth quarter is quite strong, both in attendance and show count, including tours by Madonna and Janet Jackson in the United States, Maroon 5 in Asia, and U2 in Europe. And as a result, sponsorship & advertising growth looks very solid in the fourth quarter as well. And as we noted with ticketing, our secondary business is seasonably strong in the fourth quarter, and this along with expected on sales for 2016 concerts, makes us confident on the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Hey, Amy. It's Joe. Sure, let me try to take those in order. First of all, just looking at the deal with Marek, as we said, Marek has a history of doing over 700 shows and over 2 million fans. So added to our roughly 60 million fans that we have, it's a sizable addition. He's one of the top handful of promoters in the world on a stand-alone basis. So we think it's important both on a stand-alone basis and you can do the math and see the level that it will help increase across our business. But also as importantly, it really rounds out our European Asian market portfolio that lets us do regional and global tours more effectively for artists. So we think it's a key piece to accelerating that overall side of the business.
Joe Berchtold: And then, Amy, as the second question on what other festivals and regions. As you know, we look at all of this globally, now in more than 40 countries. So we'll continue to look at festivals in Asia and Latin America. As we've also talked broadly, Latin America continues to be a great opportunity. The U.S. as well. We still think that there remain opportunities for us to both build organically and potentially look at additional acquisitions here. So our global market share in concerts we think is in the 30% range and so we globally see great opportunities to continue to expand on that. And then further to your other Latin America question, yes, our output deal with Time for Fun is ending this year. And we are looking extensively at the full set of options we have to further our presence in that market.
Joe Berchtold: So we don't know how StubHub is doing, so hard to comment specifically on that. I think we've given you a lot of statistics about the growth of our share in the secondary business and our GTV in the secondary business. So we're feeling very good about our product, our service that we're offering to fans and the strength of that in the marketplace. So we have high expectations on continued success and growth in the secondary market. In terms of the ticketing business more broadly, as Michael's talked, our number one focus is continuing to expand that globally with what we're doing in Germany, with what we look to do in Latin America, and continue to scale that business is a key way that we're monetizing our concerts business.
Joe Berchtold: I think on a year-on-year basis, that's not a substantial growth contributor, given the timing of when the show started.
Joe Berchtold: So, Doug, this is Joe. Let me take those. So first of all, there's nothing giving us pause on Q3. I don't think we've said that. What we said is that our line-up for Q4, on a Q4 to Q4 basis, is particularly strong. I gave you some examples of the shows that we have. It just so happens that from a timing of touring perspective, this year our show counts and our expectations for attendance in Q4 are quite strong. As we said our tickets sold for shows occurring this year is up 7% for the year, so that gives us a strong underlying level of confidence in where we end up strongly with growth in global attendance at our shows, so just trying to give you the timing of that Q3 to Q4 where a lot of that is coming from that we're seeing. In terms of the specifics on the international side, yes it's simply a type of show mix that we have, fewer stadium shows this year but a very strong arena and festival line-up, so you're just seeing some show mix there. But again globally our expectations are both North America and international, fan growth for the full year. You're obviously also seeing the impact coming out of Europe of FX at the percentages that I told you. And then specifically as it relates to Artist Nation, the comment was that for the second half that the overall results are more in line with what the overall results were last year for the second half. We've been investing in scaling that business, adding some new service lines. As we've often talked about for our Artist Nation business, the most critical aspect of it is that it's aligned with and feeds our concerts and sponsorship business that drives the scale that we have there. We've had great success in terms of building our share and show count with all of the artists in Artist Nation because of the value that we're delivering for them from the core businesses, so our focus is very highly on building that business in an alignment with the rest of the businesses, so just trying to give you some specifics on where we think that's going in the second half.
Michael Rapino: And let's just note, on MLK, in Germany to-date we basically have Ticketmaster Germany. Because it's an allocated market, we don't have a lot of activity. And generally in Germany overall Live Nation, Ticketmaster is about a negative to a zero business. Adding now this acquisition, which will be accretive day one because of the low cost we were able to attract Marek to come into the network, we get to start that machine now where we've already got a fixed cost base of TM Germany in place. We get to now allocate tickets to our own platform. Historically, when we brought a Madonna and a U2 into Germany, we sold those off to Marek or someone else. Now we get to self-promote. And then once you start self-promoting with tickets, you start to expand your sponsorship base. So we're very, very proud about this deal. We've been working on it a long time. And, Andre, his son, and Marek provide us an instant base business in Germany to build our TM+ – TM business as well as our sponsorship and concerts and grow it from day one.
Michael Rapino: I would say that just a – Amy, to add one thing to Joe's comment, our output deal for T4Fun as well as CIE in Mexico have ended this year. So historically, much like the Marek Lieberberg conversation, we sold off our U2 shows and et cetera to either CIE in Mexico and T4Fun in Brazil. We have not renewed either of those deals nor plan on renewing those. We plan on taking our content and establishing a presence in those markets, so again we can start building our ticket, sponsorship and overall business off our content. So whether we do that through an acquisition or a startup, we're exploring all those options. But getting kind of from Canada going down to Mexico into South America, it's obviously a natural routing for the 50-plus tours we buy, so important markets for us to finish the play on, given we're spending lots of content. So...
Michael Rapino: And on Ticketmaster, Amy, we think we just have a ton of runway there. We have a top five global commerce site. Has not historically been anywhere near best-in-class in terms of converting all of that traffic, so a lot of the hires you'll see – we're always going to be centered around our two core missions: a better product and conversion. So whether it's one of our new hires from Virgin Airways who's going to focus around our loyalty and converting that base, or some of the great product people we've hired who are going to continually deliver a more seamless product on our mobile app and our mobile business. So the tangible benefit is I think what we're seeing on a quarterly basis: traffic up, conversion up, GTV up. To get all of those up, we know that we got to deliver a better product ongoing with the robust roadmap. I think we mentioned today that we had 27 updates to our mobile app, so we're very serious about having a best-in-class mobile experience from the minute you find out about that show to the digital ecosystem throughout. And we got to make sure that our conversion gets better and better as that massive traffic's coming through our door through mobile or on desktop, we want to make sure we know more about you. We've talked a lot about our sales force and our CRM strategy, really mining that data of all those customers that have either come before or are new to our site, offering them a better experience and ultimately converting them over time. So a lot of the hires or anything you see we do is all geared toward either better product and ultimately higher conversion against a very high traffic base that we currently have and the tangible benefits we'll see on continual GTV and traffic usage.
Michael Rapino: So in terms of MLK getting up to speed, we expect it to be pretty quick. We announced it mid-year so that we made sure that as we're thinking about our tours that we're lining up for next year, that we're taking that into account that we'll have a German position to self-promote. That will obviously focus on the biggest stadium/arena-type shows, so I think we'll very quickly in the next year drive the bulk of that fan base. And then again he's up and running January 1, and the smaller shows tend to have a shorter lead time. So we would expect vast, vast mass majority of that hitting next year and then fully up to speed by 2017.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, we will continue to renew that on an annual basis, and as you can see this year, we were able to expand our content offering by increasing our festival presence. And I think by this point now, we have attracted a good audience and proof of concept that would let you know that there are many other advertisers or streaming platforms that are interested and excited about these opportunities still. We'll remain with Yahoo! as long as the economics work for both of us and we think this is a viable business going forward.
Michael Rapino: I think, David, as we've talked about over the past year or so, the way that the evolution is working is on a modular basis. So we're replacing substantial portions of the system as we go along. I think that by certainly end of the year, you'll see again the vast, vast majority of the underlying technology, particularly on our Concerts business, has been replaced. A lot of it's not going to be visible to you, the consumer, because it's the back office plumbing.
Michael Rapino: Well, we hope to because it's an – we assume like the Yahoo! Model, the investment ultimately gets recouped within that same year by the advertisers. So Yahoo! was a multi-million dollar investment to stage all those shows annually and we've been able with Yahoo! to deliver a profit against that business. We look at VICE in a similar fashion. There's a start-up cost to create some new content, but we believe that through distribution once we get rolling over the next six months and the eyeballs are delivered, that we'll be netting ourselves incremental AOI, advertising and digital next year from this.
