Joe Berchtold: Thanks Brandon. It's Joe. I think when you look at our business, our business in both concerts and ticketing have been successful because they very effectively serve their constituents. So on the concert side, I mean if you go back to ten years, we and AG were roughly similar size. We've had a very focused strategy of super serving the artist, which has led to a lot of success in terms of continuing to work with more of the artists. In ticketing, we have the best product out there, full stop. Michael spoke to why it is, we've been effective continuing to work with a large number of venues because we have the best software platform for them, and we work with them to develop tools and products for artists who are their key constituents when figuring out where they're going to be touring. So, it's hard to answer your question with where would we be if we didn't have someone who developed such great tools for the venues and such, and serve the artists so well, I think, we would have a smaller industry. I think we have consistently grown the industry through our approaches to the business. And overall, the ecosystem is better for it.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. Just first, correction, these aren't junk fees. Junk fees are low-value hidden fees to show up later. This is our version of the markup of the base wholesale price of the product is shared by us and the venue. Amazon collects 50% of the retail price, Apple collects 30%. So this is a version of the amount of the money that goes the venue for the services they provide, Ticketmaster for the services they provide. So it's not junk fees. What we've said is that the majority of the fees go to the venue. And typically, when you renew with a venue because of the competitive nature of the bidding process, more of the fees goes to the venue. I don't think it makes much sense for us to give exact breakdowns because then, obviously, everybody below the average in the next discussion once they get to be above the average. And so it's not a very commercially wise move for us to give those specific numbers. But generally, that's been the trend, and that's what's been happening. The venue sets the fees and the venues costs have been going up, service fees have been going up. I think it would be a very unique situation where you would tell the building what their fees could be. I think it's more likely you got all-in pricing, where they see the total cost upfront quite transparently. And frankly, if you were to cap fees, what would end up happening is you then have increased rent and other costs for the artists would go up because the venue needs to recoup their costs as part of the ecosystem.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I think, obviously we finished up a fantastic year. As I've told you guys in the past, I don't overly read too much in this quarter specific comparisons. You've got a lot of moving pieces. We obviously had some changes in the business with the addition of OCESA, a lot of impact last year. Timing of APAC closed most of the year. Europe only opened in the second half. So it was really just some timing shifts, nothing to read particularly into it or to read as a go-forward indication on the margin side. And then as you said, yes, our free cash flow came in very strong as the conversion to AOI. I think a little higher than expected, in part, just the overall AOI level, gave us some leverage on that. And then just some of the below the line pieces were a bit lower than what we expected. So I think we outperformed last year on that free cash flow conversion.
Joe Berchtold: I'll just start with some of the numbers and then Michael can fill in with some color. So as Michael said, we're up 20% this year relative to where we were at this point last year. That's even with last year having the benefit of all those rescheduled shows, which totaled around 20 million fans. About 20 million fans got rescheduled. We think half of those would have happened last year anyway, but that means that 20% growth comp is against an inflated number, if you will. So the actual growth even stronger than that. As we noted in the release – within that international is up around 25%, which would mean that North America is still up high teens. So very good growth. If you look just at the ticket sales sold in January through mid-February this year on a global basis, we've sold roughly twice the number of tickets as we sold last year. So even looking at the most recent activity continues to be very robust globally.
Joe Berchtold: So we're delighted. We hired Dan Wall, for those of you who didn't see it, joined us formally following his retirement from Latham at the end of January. This is actually a conversation Dan and I started in May of 2019 at BottleRock. So Dan was planning on retiring from Latham, found working with us to be an exciting, fun business. And we talked that in 2020, he was going to announced his retirement, retire at the end of 2020, come join us. Like so many other people's plans, those got upended. So he didn't end up retiring until January, but this has been something that's been in the works now for three years that Dan wanted to do. He'll be instrumental in terms of our ongoing discussion. He's been in non-stop dialogue with the DOJ. It seems like for the past 13 years. He understands exactly the questions they asked their motivations. He just put together an op-ed piece that everybody should certainly read that was in Polestar today laying out on a fact basis as opposed to so many analysts and pundits that people refer to making broad statements about the DOJ, their process, the consent decree, risks of us being broken up. I think he does a fantastic job of laying out in very specific detail why so many of those beliefs are unfounded and I think creates a little higher requirement for people that are going to talk that way to need to disprove what he lays out there as opposed to generally speculating.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. A lot of the growth is certainly in the Venue Nation side. As you can imagine in 2020 and 2021, we had a substantial amount of deferred CapEx that we then do that the building is needed. Then in 2022, we were faced with a lot of supply chain constraints had to prioritize where to use the scarce resources that we were able to get. So that was a limiting factor. So there's some catch-up on the maintenance side of it. The return is really more of a rev gen side than a maintenance side. Most of the maintenance is required for continuing operation, health and safety issues. On the growth side, we have return requirements that are well above our cost of capital, haven't given specific ones, differs a bit by project, whether it's a brand-new project or it's just a – you're adding a new bar at a venue. So those are opportunities that we just think are continuing to present themselves as we expand the global footprint.
Joe Berchtold: Yes. I don't think Concerts AOI per fan is a logical way to look at it, Jason. I think if you look at how we've talked about our business, we've talked about our business across the multiple pieces. So you have to look at it, what's the concerts plus sponsorship plus ticketing AOI per fan, which we've grown – and what we've said is that the concert business has been hit by some of these cost increases, supply chain constraints, increased costs on some of the inputs, but we've increased the overall profitability per fan both by executing on site with those fans coming to our venues, but then also by dramatically increasing our sponsorship per fan and by growing some of our ticketing revenue per fan, including the non-service fee side. So we look at it more holistically, recognizing there are going to be some puts and takes in a given year, certainly on the business.
Joe Berchtold: I think it's premature to say that. I mean let me give you another just piece on what hit us last year with concerts was we had those. I talked about the 20 million fans for shows that got rescheduled. Those are shows that went on sale in 2019 or early 2020, and we're priced at the price level for those shows back then. Fast forward a couple of years later, nobody was repricing the rescheduled shows, and yet the market particularly for the best tickets and moved up substantially. So in 2022, you were operating a pretty good chunk of your business with a 2019, 2020 revenue stream against the 2022 cost structure. That's not going to replicate itself. That was a one-time unusual event. So I think you got to take a beat, let this year play out before you draw in a conclusion off of a single data point.
Michael Rapino: Historically, Brandon, there was a division on what the artist was charging to the consumer and then what were the added revenue streams or fees that were going to be added on top of that. And it’s kind of in search state historically. But now, as you know, we've said it many times, the artist takes most of that ticket fee base. So the way that the venue, the promoter or the ticketing company earn their revenue fees is through that extra fee. You're right we would love to more just to make it all in pricing. So the consumer is very clear from the beginning that to go see the true cost to the show isn't $25, it's $50 because that's how all of the participants need to be participate for that show to happen. Now tomorrow, if someone said, you know what, those $25 fees, you shouldn't have them. Well, then the van you would say, okay, artist, the rent isn't $50,000 anymore, it's $100,000. And the fees would add up and then all of a sudden, that ticket price wouldn't be $25, it would be $50 on a value. So it is inefficient. That's why we're a big proponent of all-in pricing and all our pricing at the beginning of the process, which you don't see right now on most companies other than ours. So we believe that we all want to know what is the true cost to see the show when I start shopping. We wish that would be mandated tomorrow across the board that would relieve a lot of the stress, the consumer's perception that there's this magical extra fee added on that is not kind of part of the overall show cost.
Michael Rapino: And to your point on Live Nation owned and operated, just to hammer the point home to your point is right. If tomorrow, someone said, you know you can't charge 20% service fees on your amphitheater, you have to be $10, well, then the $75,000 house not rent that we charge Argus, would be $100,000, right? So we couldn't – we wouldn't absorb the cost. We still have to pay staff capital, run the building so we have to find the revenue in the other means. So the true cost of going to a show and making the show happen isn't the full price all in. We just need to now market that upfront better.
Michael Rapino: Yes. And my commentary is similar. We are just amazed at the resilience of the customer this year. I think we all lived the November air pocket thesis and everyone's view on was 2022 an exception to the rule. Could we keep growing? Where was the customer? Was it just a bubble? We see nothing but strong growth demand everywhere in the world right now. We're up right now with stadiums in Asia, South America, Eastern Europe, all of our festivals are outperforming last year around the world. Our clubs and theaters are doing well. Our on-site spend in most of those clubs and theaters we see tracking in the right direction. We'd always – in this business, you always worry about the first – the superstars are going to sell out, and then how is the rest of the business do? That's kind of the meeting the potatoes of our business. How the amphitheater shows? How is all the middle stuff going to do? And we're just seeing incredible strength right now across the board on our festivals, our big festivals or niche festivals, our theaters, clubs, we think this is going to be a continual buyer, consumers, as we said. Still look at concerts, let's zoom out again as we always do, let's forget about the 3% of shows that are going to consume political tweaks. 97% of that shows are very affordable for consumers. We're still incredibly affordable option for fans to go have a memorable night out, much more affordable than concerts. I said to Joe earlier, we absolutely have done a bad job on PR because the Super Bowl, it was a badge of honor that tickets were $5,000 or $6,000 each, and most people couldn't attain it. But concerts are still incredibly cheap overall experience versus a best ball game, a dinner, a night out or a theme park. So we think that plays in. We haven't seen any pullback. We've seen more demand top to bottom on a global basis. We think that will rise through this year.
Michael Rapino: Well, I believe that the artist has the best shot when they unite around their IP. I don't think – there is – the U.S. is probably about the only country in the world that doesn't have some level of regulation. I mean most other countries walk up and said, "Geez, if the artist wants to charge $300 an underpriced product for the fan to get a cheaper ticket why would a middleman be able to make $1,000. It doesn't seem logical, right? So most IP, if you look at the artist, you wouldn't be able to look, think about how much work Netflix is doing on password sharing just to save $7.99. So I think there's a lot of pent-up artists who are underpriced their product every day. I mean we're pretty much the only product in the world that's worth more of the second it's sold. I think they've done that for the betterment of their fan base. And like everyone else, they've seen now the sunlight online of the abuse that's been taken on their IP. So I like our position. I like stand up with the artist. I think the artists, Irving, you saw it yesterday with Garth. I do believe that the artist will have more control of their ticket like the PROJAM [ph] model they should. That doesn't mean that you are not going to transfer the tickets. We believe in tickets should have a fair exchange platform, and you should be able to exchange and sell tickets. And if an artist doesn't care about secondary then great, let the – the rush will then will move. If you do care and you want to limit it, you want to cap it at 30%, 20%. I just think that the artist since they're making the decision on how to underprice their product for the betterment of the fan should have a seat at saying, well, how does it go to market? Because we don't want the artist to continually say, well, I'm just going to charge $5,000 then, that's not better for the fan to charge market. So if they're going to charge under market, I believe that they should have a say in it. I do believe they'll be very persuasive over time with lawmakers when that story is presented. As you know, the secondary are running around trying to make sure that the second – tickets are freely transferred so they can sell them. I think that the good news in all of that's gone on in the last while, don't let a crisis go unused. I think that this has created a lot of great news as painful as it is for us some days. The bottle got on – the genie's out of the bottle. We were kind of suppressed on the back foot, not wanting to talk out loud too much about a lot of this business while we service our customers. I think the champagne bottle has been popped. I think artists I thought yesterday was very unique. I think you're going to see – we've been all sleeping, while the scalpers have done a fabulous job lobbying. I think they got woken up yesterday and recently. And I think the artist and the venue, remember have a big stake in this, right, especially sports. So I think the sports teams, sports leagues, content owners in general, like any other industry. May Kim was very clear yesterday. He talks a lot about the artist IP. We think that's a very valid position. We think that the artist or the content owner will be able to have more control on how and when they want to sell their tickets, and I think that's a big step forward.
Michael Rapino: But also just I want to give some color there. Just to remind everyone, when we sat here a year ago, we didn't think we were going to be open in the summer. We had no staff. We ran 100 miles an hour to get open for May, hire 20,000 staff, every tour, concert couldn't find trust double cost for generators. I mean, we were running hard last year. Overpaying staff, suppliers, getting the show back together was tough last year. We still obviously delivered incredible numbers, but we're now back to that 2019 level of staff in place, costs have all come down, suppliers are all back in line, generators are normal cost. So we do obviously expect 2023 to be in terms of a cost basis back to a continual normal business.
