Joe Berchtold: Thank, Michael. Looking at our business segments, first Concerts. For the full year, Live Nation Concerts revenue was up 20% and AOI was up 125% on constant currency. We grew our attendance by 12% to a record 71 million fans, once again promoting the vast majority of the top global tours including Beyoncé, Coldplay, and Guns N' Roses. For the year, looking at markets in North America, attendance grew by 12%, 48 million fans with show count up 4% and attendance per show up 7%. And stadiums and amphitheaters were each up by about 2 million fans. Internationally, attendance was up 13% driven by a 2 million fan increase in stadium attendance. Globally, we continued growing our festival portfolio, adding 11 festivals to give us a global portfolio of 85 festivals in 12 countries. As a result, we increased festival attendance by 15% to over 7 million fans, and now have 23 festivals that each attract over 100,000 fans. Looking specifically at the fourth quarter, concert revenue was up 3% and AOI up 45%, both at constant currency. These results were driven by a favorable shift in show mix with more fans at higher priced arena and stadium shows, while overall attendance was flat year-over-year for the quarter. As we move into 2017, as Michael said, ticket sales are up with over 28 million tickets already sold for shows this year. And our confirmed show pipeline for amphitheaters, arenas, and stadiums is up 11%, with three artists, Coldplay, U2 and Bruno Mars already selling over 1 million tickets each for tours this year. At Artist Nation, revenue was down 2% at constant currency in 2016 and most importantly, our Artist Nation artists continue to be a key feeder to our concerts flywheel. And in 2016, these artists performed for over 7 million of our fans in almost 600 shows. Turning to sponsorship & advertising, it delivered 15% revenue and 10% AOI growth for the year at constant currency and in the fourth quarter at constant currency, revenue was up 22% and AOI was up 11%. Finally Ticketmaster, in 2016 ticketing revenue was up 13%, while AOI was up 6%, as we grew global GTV on fee-bearing tickets by 16%, all at constant currency. Primary ticket fee-bearing GTV was up 15% at constant currency for the year, with concerts leading this growth with over a $1 billion increase in GTV. Secondary ticketing GTV was up 26% for the full year at constant currency, with concerts and the major sports leagues similarly contributing to this growth. Mobile ticketing continued growing rapidly, up 36% to over 45 million tickets sold in 2016 as we continued improving our mobile website and apps. Ticketing margin declined 1.1% year-on-year as we continued growing our global platform, both geographically and with new products. We entered four new countries in 2016 as we continued focusing on expanding our international business, substantially in markets that have a lower service fee structure and therefore lower margin profile than the traditional U.S. business. Similarly, we delivered very strong growth in both our Front Gate festival platform and our Universe do-it-yourself business in 2016, with ticket sales up almost 30% and more than doubling respectively. Continued expansion into these markets and product lines is core to our global ticketing strategy, one which has been successful in growing our customer base, ticketing volume and profitability over the past several years, and which we expect to continue being successful going forward. For the fourth quarter, global fee-bearing GTV was up 15%, revenue was up 11% and AOI down 4% at constant currency. And secondary GTV grew by 13%, while primary GTV was up 15%, both at constant currency. In summary, in 2016 each of our core businesses grew revenue and AOI. Looking forward in 2017, we expect to continue our growth based on our leading indicators. In concerts, show count and ticket sales for shows this year are both up double-digits. Sponsorship & advertising has sold over 70% of their budgeted activity for the year, pacing double-digits ahead of last year. And ticketing sales volume is up 9% through mid-February. Together, this gives us confidence that we will continue growing our business at historical rates. A few points of note, first from a phasing standpoint with our planned strong summer concert season, particularly with festivals and stadiums, we expect our AOI to be even more Q3 driven this year. As a result, we expect Q1 as a percentage of full year AOI to be lower than last year. And on FX, we ended 2016 with a 2% impact on revenue and a 1% impact on AOI. At this point, we don't see a material impact on 2017 numbers. I will now turn the call over to Kathy to go through more on our financial results.
Joe Berchtold: Well, Amy, this is Joe. I think we've said on a few occasions that we benchmark ourselves against sports teams in that regard. We're at about $22 for our amphitheaters right now. We think that over time that could be a $30 kind of number for our fans at the amphitheaters.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I think, number one as we called out was the mix and just the volume of some of the bigger shows. Michael also talked about the higher ticket pricing that flowed through, particularly on the front of the house, which helps a lot in the concert business. And then, yes, onsite, all of the BIF (27:33) that flowed through for festivals or amphitheaters into the early part of the fourth quarter.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I mean, the acquisitions are integrated. I don't think that's the issue. The issue is, as when you enter a new market, you're going to be at a lower scale and most of these markets are also lower service fee as a percentage of your ticket price often times and some of them you're also a lower ticket price. So, your margin profile is just going to be structurally lower in those markets. So, as we've talked, our overriding focus at Ticketmaster is to continue to drive the global sales of that business. On our platform, as Michael talked through the open APIs, off of our platform, we've served the teams and the artists by selling their tickets more effectively and selling more of them. That means more countries, it means more other platforms like the Front Gate and do-it-yourself platform that I talked about. And in a lot of those cases, those tickets that we sell, the incremental ticket maybe at a lower margin then some of the other tickets, but it continues to build the business, serve our customers and drive the overall cash profitability of the business. So that playbook has worked pretty well for the past five years, and we expect to continue doing that over the next few years. I don't think we're at a point that we're going to declare what the margins are for 2017 in that business right now, but you can expect us to overall continue to do everything we can to grow the business.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. So, again, I think stepping back, John, the first thing that we always look at when we talk about the secondary business is that it's $8 billion value that is sitting outside the P&L of the artists and the teams that are driving the content. And so, we then have a two-part strategy. One is, how do we through the concert side and through the ticketing side work with the artists in particular to remove as much of that price arbitrage as we can. And how do we work with the team to make sure they've got both the data as well as the marketing capability to remove their arbitrage. And we will always be most successful, the more that we can drive that arbitrage back into the primary side of the house. And again, Michael talked earlier about the price increases that we were seeing as artists are becoming – this is becoming very transparent and artists are seeing it and understanding it and therefore, they are going after that money. So item number one is, we're attacking it that way. Item number two has been, yes, as long as there is price inefficiency, we are going to be focused on building the best secondary offer out there for fans to transparently easily get their tickets, have them verified and have a great experience with it. So we had a lot of success in growth of our market share and of our overall business in 2016, I expect that continued in 2017. But we also don't – we just don't obsess over which column is it in. Frankly, we'd rather have more in column A than column B. But that's going to depend as we work with every artist and every team on what agenda they want.
Joe Berchtold: No. And we absolutely believe that every opportunity that we've seen over the last five years exists more today than at any other point. As we go into more markets, that gives us the scale and infrastructure to continue going into more markets. As we build our management teams, our technology platforms, very focused on delivering the fans and our clients on a global basis, we just think we're better at it and we're better able to go into markets than either build or acquire additional assets, keep doing exactly what we've been doing.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. Doug, it was obviously both, and we haven't given the exact breakdown, but we're benefited by the large increase in stadiums that I called out, 2 million increase in each North America and international. But even when you back that out, absolutely in 2016 across the board, we did continue to see that we were growing attendance per show at our amphitheaters, at our arenas, stadiums as we were continually better at marketing and pricing the product, distributing the ticket sale to hit every fan everywhere that we could, and that continues to be a priority in 2017.
Joe Berchtold: I think monetizing our digital audience the way we think about it, Michael alluded to a bit is, our truly unique positioning starts with our 70 million fans. These other people have online assets as well. And so, what we're really seeing with the online business is that when you're talking to a sponsor about a large strategic platform for their brand and their brand strategy for reaching out, touching a target customer, that the online is an enhancement and augmentation that gives us an additional set of ad units, gives us additional reach against the core of our onsite interaction, activation that we can deliver.
Joe Berchtold: Yeah. I mean I think as we've said all along that our view is we're focused on the business as StubHub has gotten refocused and on the business as well and as a few others, Vivid here, Viagogo internationally, that we all have the capability to invest a lot of dollars on brand, on customer acquisition. You probably see some concentration amongst some of the larger players that are now fighting out for the volume and the share.
Joe Berchtold: Hey, I think we are seeing artists confirming and putting on their shows earlier and earlier, which is great, because it gives us more clarity on the volume of activity we're going to have. I think if you looked over time, that number probably ticks down modestly and we weren't giving it to give a specific, this is exactly how much many more shows we're going to give. We gave it to indicate we believe the business will continue to grow in 2017.
Joe Berchtold: So we sold 45 million tickets on mobile this year versus zero a few years back. So that obviously helps generate additional revenue.
Joe Berchtold: On the TM margin, you're right, six months ago we had a slightly different forecast for what the margin was going to be, and as you could imagine, a lot of things happened over the – a hundred (51:06) things happened over the six months as we unpacked it. It's really – a lot of it is what I called out. One is we had tremendous performance by our Front Gate ticketing business. That little festival focused ticketing business up 30% in terms of the volume of tickets that it sold. It's a fantastic product. It's been very successful with a lot of festivals, and if it has a little lower margin, okay. The same with the do-it-yourself at Universe more than doubling in terms of their ticket volume. So in some cases, you're a victim of your own success, driving the overall profitability of the business at the impact of some of the margin. But there is nothing dramatic, different. It was just all the pieces and how they came together. And as we said, we're happy as long as we're continuing to grow the cash profitability of the business.
Joe Berchtold: I mean it's – as I talked through Brandon, we have two columns, the bringing it into the primary and building the secondary in. We're way too early to have a view on what's the mix of that that we think will be most successful in. We'd love to move that entire $8 million, shrink the secondary and bring it all into the primary, but a lot of that depends on our conversations with the artists and with the teams and exactly what they want to do and how they want to do it. So, we're not worried about again the forecast of that split as much as continuing to offer a great product on both and building the overall business.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, we don't see that the core profitability of the business changing. Service fees are a pretty vital part of the client business. So the service fees are driven by the client, and majority of that go to the sports team or the venue or the artist, ultimately. So we don't see the economics change. It's – tickets always been a competitive industry. I think the – some of the pivotal moves that we made over the last few years on our platform, predicting that eventually we would have to become more flexible for our clients and build a better platform that was more open than closed, TM+ when we put secondary on our platform with the start of opening up a historically closed platform. And then the APIs that we've talked about over the last year, of really looking to figure out how to power that buy button and allocate tickets to other platforms that can increase conversion such as the Groupon's and the Facebook's, Spotify's and we're having conversations with Amazon and we'll look to allocate our API that way too if there is some incremental ticket sales that can occur. So, we think the – the core value of Ticketmaster at the core is incredible system software that helps clients sell tickets. We have an incredible great marketplace, one of the largest websites in the world that's growing stronger every year and we think we're also going to make sure that our clients and artists and fans through our new platform have the opportunity to enhance in their reach also through these platforms. So, we think that, the fact we've embraced over the last couple of years, this idea that having multiple points of sale is good for our business, that increases sales, and ultimately in Live Nation core business, our 70 million plus fans, lots of shows are unsold, lots of fans don't know about shows still. So, we're all supportive of having a wider distribution platform selling concert tickets to increase ultimately the sale.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. We've been very consistent on that segment. It's – we don't consider it a core segment in itself, we've always considered it a very important, strategic piece of the business to power our core business. So this year, we had some investments in certain of the management companies that brought down some of the margin. But overall, we like that business, it's a very high margin business, it's a very accretive business when we bring in partners. And more importantly, it's great to be close to the talent, if you can feed your core businesses to drive your overall segment. So we like the business. We're going to keep – we think being closer with artist managers and having over up to 300 artists in your portfolio, while decisions on what promoter and what sponsors to play with and what ticketing companies can help you are smart, strategic businesses to be in. And we think 2017 will actually be a stronger year for that division as it's got a robust touring schedule ahead for them.
Michael Rapino: Well, we think Lolla's just got a real exceptional profile. It's one of the few brands that has been able to expand to South America, now into Europe successfully. So, we see that brand as very global with – we got a runway of growth planned for that brand around the world. And our Electric Daisy brand in Vegas, the largest dance festival in the world, now in Mexico this week – next week, we will sell 200,000 tickets to that EDC Mexico edition that we started a couple of years ago. So we see that EDC now in Europe and in Brazil and Mexico and Japan. So, we think, out of our 80 plus brands, we have a very central strategy around what brands can move or what best practices can move. So we think there's a few others that have some potential.
Michael Rapino: It is purely, I mean if you've listened to us earnings after earnings, we have three core businesses, and the management business is obviously paramountly strategic to our concert business, that's why we're in it. And it's where all of the material value is driven. So, we want to make sure that we just align that kind of activity around the outcome. We wake up every day talking to artist managers about what our market share is in the concert business, not whether they made $3 million or $4 million that year. So our core goal of all of that is to provide a great value to those artists and win over their touring business and drive it. So you don't get – when you separate it slightly and you get questions like the other one on what's the growth profile? To look at the growth profile, you have to say how many shows did you promote last year and what was that success rate. So we want to just align those activities against what the core mission is, just to drive our global touring business, and we use that as an investment strategy to do that.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. I mean where Maffei and Malone decide to park their investment in us or what they call it, they're much smarter at that than I am. They've been incredible shareholders, they're long-term players as you know. So, we're aligned to the same principles. We want to grow long-term shareholder value and they've been great shareholders. So, I don't spend much time worrying about where they're housing their investment, it doesn't affect our day-to-day business. Greg is our Chairman, we talk strategy, not what ticker it will be under. As far as Formula 1, I've met Chase, big fan of his, his history, obviously, I don't know a lot about Formula 1. From what I've seen under the covers, it certainly looks like it's got a real untapped potential, little bit unique – a little bit relevant to our business in the sense that it's a global business with different local promoters, but they'll have to figure out how to centralize some strategies to extract some value. We don't think it's an overriding huge opportunity to the bottom-line, but we're absolutely talking of them as we would be talking always to the NFL. We've done it with the Indianapolis 500 in the past, NASCAR. If you got a race track, a lot of people and a check book, we're willing to figure out how to enhance your event through entertainment. And, I think, they're very motivated to reinvent the experience, and we'll – we're going to see if we can help them on a few of those.
Michael Rapino: And also just to add to that, we always kind of get a little U.S. centric here, but we've been very effective on a global basis of moving faster than the historic Ticketmaster that we inherited did here. So in the UK, Australia, all across Europe where we have launched a secondary platform, we are number one, close to number one. I mean StubHub really is only strong in America. They are obviously expanding, but we wanted – global basis, we're seeing great success as we're either a leader or an early entrant into a lot of the markets. So we see on a global basis, we'll continue to have market share growth on that segment.
Michael Rapino: I would say we – I think StubHub has always had market leadership in the U.S. I think we've obviously grown strong and taken market share from the independents in the U.S. Outside of America, Viagogo and others have been out there and we would be the one taking market share from most of the independents in different countries.
Michael Rapino: Yeah, no, we haven't seen – we had a strong 2016 in Europe obviously and international, and we're off in February to a strong on-sale right now across Europe. We don't see any slowdown in any countries right now. We see a very robust planned and on-sale so far.
Michael Rapino: Yeah. We've been talking the last couple of years about an API open allocated market. We've been very clear that the rest of the world has always been allocation, and Ticketmaster does very well in those markets. We got a strong market leadership, generally at a lower cost per ticket. We've seen over the years that eventually – we always had kind of stated that we thought that more distribution points were going to be a reality in the business for clients. Why we were very aggressive over the last few years in building an API to help clients and artists, et cetera, have opportunity, like StubHub – Spotify and Bandsintown, and Groupon, and others. So, yeah, we believe that the smartest strategy for Ticketmaster as a software platform has always been to solve the client's needs, to create – to provide great platform software, provide a great marketplace and provide the flexibility to use partner sites to help augmented sales. Because as you know when you have as many customers as we do, you're the hottest team in the NBA, you're not that worried about partner sites. You're not really worried about Amazon if you're U2, which sold 1 million tickets in an hour. But if you are a team or an artist that like most of the business needs to sell a few extra tickets, you're always going to be looking for incremental distribution points. So we've always believed that being open API driven, letting our clients have opportunity to power other retail sites is a smart strategy for Ticketmaster, and we've been doing that over the last couple of years now, finding partner sites to augment sales.
Kathy Willard: Yeah. So basically the $220 million will be spent on ticketing, as it has in the past, generally. And then in concerts, we have some opportunities with venues for expansion of the overall footprint, there we're going to be putting the money into. So those are the main drivers for the change. And, sorry, and then continuing on the onsite part, continued VIP as well as food and beverage changes as we've been doing in 2016. As far as where we're...
Kathy Willard: And then as far as where we're putting the money, there's no change in what we've been saying. So we're continuing to invest in the business and that's revenue generating CapEx, that's acquisitions, that's advances to artists and clients. So I don't see any change in that direction in 2017.
Kathy Willard: Hold on while I pull up the total, not really much change and we still have several years, John, before we think that we'll be a U.S. taxpayer. As you know, we pay state and we pay some Federal, but we're several years out from hitting that.
Kathy Willard: A lot of that is part of the deferred revenue at year end, so they've sold tickets for future shows as well, so the reason why we say we don't repatriate, it will be used for their events and pay artists, et cetera.
Kathy Willard: Yeah. It's going to be primarily deferred, sponsorship, all kinds of things. We don't have more granularity to give you on that, but generally, our cash is going to tick up with the deferred revenue.
Kathy Willard: On the CapEx question, think about it from new tools or new clients versus other things. So if we are adding technology to our mobile product or adding functionality to TM+, those things would be revenue generating. If we get a new client where we have to add hardware or make some changes, that's going to be revenue generating. Other things like your question on CapEx related to cloud, moving to the cloud or just replacing hardware, et cetera, would generally be maintenance.
