Elizabeth Willard: Yes, primarily, we talked about this at year end, David. But it's primarily related to the Front Line acquisition and some benefits we got for carrying back against our NOL. So that was the biggest piece of it. 
Elizabeth Willard: That's correct. I mean, basically it's the online advertising piece that went into Sponsorship and advertising, which is fairly high-margin. The cost for most of the sellers who are already in the Sponsorship division, so there wasn't a whole lot of direct cost transfer. And the rest of the business, which is the upsell, the fee per ticket and then the cost to run the websites and all the online activities, is the piece that shifted into ticketing. 
Elizabeth Willard: Yes, we haven't changed that process, so we continue on those artist contracts to absolutely hedge those for any unpaid amounts. 
Elizabeth Willard: For the tickets sold for the Olympics were not reported as tickets, they were fees that we earned and most of that, as you know, was earned last year. 
Elizabeth Willard: It's going to be -- yes, for this year, the piece, the $25 million, it should be fairly even throughout the year. And then obviously, the project continues over the multi-years of the project. Because we're just finishing year 1 and it's the 3 years of the full project. 
Michael Rapino: Well, I think I'm not sure if Irving can jump in, but generally, the concern is always, we don't want to get too optimistic and ahead of ourselves. We are seeing great trends throughout the globe. Lady Gaga shows are selling out from Asia to Europe, so we're having a strong year. What we're always looking, as everyone else is, to the economic challenges and seeing if they're affecting our business. Europe, which most people wonder about, has been very strong for us. That's why I referred to sales up 19%. Most of our business, well over 80% of our businesses is in Northern Europe. A very small percentage of our business is in Spain, and none of it in Greece. So right now, we really haven't been affected by any of the global economic challenges. Northern Europe and Europe is ahead of last year. North America is ahead, and even our businesses in Asia and others are all strong. So we're always -- we are looking, but right now, we're very confident that the industry and our lineup are going to have a strong year from the ticket sales perspective. 
Michael Rapino: As you can you -- as you know from the number right now, we're tracking incredibly ahead of last year at 50%. When it all shakes out over the summer, show-per-show, year-over-year, we would still expect on a per show basis, our tenants to be up in the high-single to double digits. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, too early. I mean, the only window we get is from January to now, in all of our theater club arena business in terms of what we're doing. And all of those trends seem to be holding up year-over-year and ahead. So we don't see anything that would alert that the sum will be any different in the first 4 months when consumers have showed up at the building they were spending equally to last year. 
Michael Rapino: Well, I'll answer the Staples, because it's the easiest. The Ticketmaster still is the ticketing partner agent for the Staples Center. So, I guess, at some point it may -- will be shifted to the new platform. But as of now, we're still doing all of the business at that building. And as far as the secondary business, there's 2 ways to look at the secondary. The first and foremost for us is just to make sure we have as much content or tickets at our platform as possible. So anyway we can leverage any of our existing Ticketmaster inventory or Ticketmaster clients, and get that inventory at TicketsNow, that's our first step in competing against the market leader out there. So it's stuck whether it's Live Nation, whether it's Madison Square Garden or the NFL, having any of that inventory exclusively or a first-comes basis on our inventory will help us drive our proposition. And then second, is to drive traffic to our TicketsNow website. Again, the way we can grow that business against the leader and the easiest way we can grow it is through the synergy of the Ticketmaster. The traffic we have at Ticketmaster, any time now you have no-tickets-page found. If we can do it in the proper way where the consumer is fully aware and its transparent, that is the secret sauce to delivering volume over to TicketsNow and driving our consumer business. So my team's worked hard this year and complied to all the previous issues with the FCC, and etc. had -- FTC, and we think this year, we'll be able to drive a lot of traffic to TicketsNow from our main business sites.  So if we achieved both of those goals, increased our traffic this year and increased our inventory. You've already seen from the first quarter, ticket sales, volume is up double digits for us. And we have a very, very aggressive goal and target over the next 2 years on how we think that business can chip away at the market leader from a AOI  and a ticket allocation perspective. 
Michael Rapino: I mean, the majority of the -- remember Ticketmaster counts the money when the sale was made, and Live Nation counts the money when the show happens. Olympics are only at Ticketmaster's side of the equation. Most of the tickets were sold in 2011 for the Olympics. There is a on-sale starting this weekend and next, so there will still be some tickets that are being sold in 2012. But the vast majority of the Olympic tickets were sold in 2011, and the recorded service fees were in the 2011 Q4 numbers. 
Michael Rapino: Good question. I think there's 2 paths to where the benefits come. One is along the way and then one is at the end from a more fixed cost perspective. So the first and most important thing about re-platforming our technology, while we're doing it, we are also able to use some of the features and functionalities that are being developed to launch during the 3-year process. So the process started last year, that we were going to upgrade our platform and our code. Over those 3 years, we would be able to use some of that investment that comes to market. So Interactive Seat Maps, we're launching a new client portal to our customers this year.  Historically, Ticketmaster had a green screen portal for our clients for 20 years. It can't -- if you can't survive in the future in that kind of technology, well, we're going to be launching a state-of-the-art client portal this year for our customers. So that's a benefit that is being built under the new platform, but can launch that feature and functionality now. So over the 3 years, we will continually have features and functions whether it's on the website, whether it's our API coming to life or whether it's for our B2B that will help us, first and foremost, maintain and acquire new customers. So I think in a big picture, when we took this business over 2 years ago, the business had declined for 5 years, both from an AOI, and from a net renewal process. In the last year and a half, we have reversed the AOI trend and grew the business in 2011. But more importantly, we've also reversed the renewal and now are looking somewhere in the 100% renewal rate. So we believe, first and foremost, for the customers in our venues, the fact that they know we are now investing and they're seeing some products come to life is a big part of our sales proposition on either renewing. So you're going to see an ongoing strong renewal leadership position because we are upgrading on the go. So that's, first and foremost, maintain and grow our leadership position. Over the 3 years, as we adopt the new platform and get it installed into our client base, the core main benefit of that platform is that it can operate at a much lower variable and fixed cost per ticket. Right now, we have a very old platform that requires a lot of variable and fixed cost to maintain and run. With a new Web-based platform, we'll be able to run that, remotely run it, reduce -- run it at a lower cost basis. So if you're selling well over $100 million tickets and they're able to run that business at a lower fixed and variable cost per ticket, we think that comes to life in year 3, and the ROI that it'd be a total investment is $100 million over those years with a platform from a fixed and CapEx perspective, the return on that $100 million is close to a 1- or 2-year return, based on your economics that are running a lower leaner machine, against your core business, regardless of any future functionality, the new business you've generated, as your cost basis per ticket goes down. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, I think you could make -- I mean, there's 2 business cases. If you did nothing for the next 3 years, what -- where would your business have declined and what AOI would you have lost? So step one, is we turn the decline, and now have this business healthy, robust, and our clients more importantly, now see that the vigor around the innovation and the technology as we will deliver them, is leading in world-class. So that's why, I believe for 3 years, we will continue to grow and maintain a strong core business, renewal business. So we'll protect our current business. And then step 2, yes, you're kind of the -- just if you looked at the 2-year return, going into the third year, just operating your business off that new lower cost basis, you have a 1 to 2 year return on that capital. 
Michael Rapino: Yes, I mean, in general, the lockout and the length of it in the grand picture was fairly not affected to our bottom line. We lost some ticket sales, gained a few shows, a few concert shows where we had some fees on it, and then business got back fairly quickly and the tickets sales started start again. So in a net overall, it was I think at the time, we said somewhere, it might have caused us $5 million in AOI to our bottom line at Ticketmaster for some lost ticket sales that weren't replaced by maybe concerts or other events. So net year-over-year, we might have a $5 million pick up in Q4 next year if you wanted to do it straight apples-for-apples in terms of ticket sales-to-shows. 
