Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, Brandy, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Rick Dreiling, our Chairman and CEO; and David Tehle, our CFO. We will first go through our prepared remarks and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings release issued today can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com under Investor Information, Press Releases. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, predictions and other nonhistorical matters, such as our 2014 forecasted financial results and capital expenditures; our planned fiscal 2014 operating, merchandising and store growth initiatives; our share repurchase expectations; our beliefs regarding future consumer economic trends and various matters relating to our proposal to acquire Family Dollar. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those reflected in or implied by our forward-looking statements are included in our earnings release issued this morning, our 2013 Form 10-K, which was filed on March 20, 2014 and in the comments that are made on this call. We encourage you to read these documents.  You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call.  We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Where available, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, which, I have mentioned, is posted on dollargeneral.com.  Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Rick. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: Okay. Thank you, Rick. As a reminder, the purpose of this call is to discuss our second quarter earnings and we would appreciate if you would keep your questions limited to that topic. We will not be answering any questions regarding our proposal for Family Dollar. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.  Brandy, we'll now open the lines up for questions. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: Brandy, I have it at top of the hour, so unfortunately, we're going to cut the call off now. But everyone, thank you very much for joining us. If you have any questions, Emma Jo and I are around, so please feel free to give us a call. And thank you for your time and attention today. 
Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced the results for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. David and I will discuss the highlights of the quarter, when I -- then I will briefly address the Family Dollar proposal.  For the second quarter, total sales grew 7.5% to $4.72 billion. Comp sales increased 2.1% with increases in both traffic and average ticket, extending that trend to 26 consecutive quarters. Our second quarter same-store sales began very strong, with a year-over-year increase in May of more than 3.5%. However, this growth moderated as we moved through June and July, given the competitive environment and the consumer who all -- who, although resilient in the face of economic uncertainty, remains cautious with their spending. Tobacco and perishables continue to show the strongest sales gain and sales of candy and snacks, especially carbonated beverages, was also strong. Tobacco was continuing to comp positive even as we anniversary the rollout. We're very pleased with the comp sales growth in our home and apparel categories as we continue to focus on making these departments more relevant to our customers. Our gross profit rate of 30.8% of sales was 53 basis points less than last year's second quarter. As has been the case in the last few quarters, the competitive environment continued to be elevated during the second quarter. In response, we increased our promotional activities while maintaining our commitment to EDLP in the second quarter, resulting in higher promotional markdowns. In addition, the higher mix of tobacco and perishables impacted our year-over-year gross margin compression. Earnings per share increased 11% to $0.83 per share. On an adjusted basis, which excludes a legal settlement in 2013, earnings per share increased 8%. We remain on track to meet the full year adjusted earnings expectations we shared with you last quarter.  I'll talk more about our operating initiatives in a moment, but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Stephen, as I'm looking at the back half of the year, the thing that I like most about quarter 2 was an acceleration of transaction growth and acceleration of unit growth. And I have always been a believer, if those 2 are moving north, sooner or later, everything else catches up. 
Richard Dreiling: Stephen, very fair question. I'm not prepared to go there yet because I'm not so -- I don't want to give up on the deal yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Actually, great question. And again, the attachment rate on cigarettes is exactly like it has been. And we're lapping where we were last year and our cigarettes are comping positive. So we're very excited with that strategic change in our mix. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would say the competitive activity in May was pretty intense, centered around the Memorial Day holiday. We actually made the decision to hang with our Every Day Low Pricing but get into the promotional foray and that's why we had a little bit more margin pressure than we had actually anticipated. Primarily, the driver of our margin pressure in quarter 2 was promotional markdowns, which was a conscious decision that we made. As we move through June, sales begin -- the competitive environment, I would say, begin to moderate. And then it got really hot around the 4th of July. We also made a decision to play in the promotional battle around the 4th of July. As we move through July, kind of stayed kind of intense. And as we moved into August, I would say it started to slow back down and it's not nearly what it was in the Memorial Day and July 4 time frame. I would like to throw out back-to-school for us. We're having a very good back-to-school right now. Our back-to-school category, we are up 4.5% right now. In fact, this week, which is the first of the 2 really intense weeks, we're actually up over 7% in the categories that are related to back to school. And I relate that to the fact that the environment has cooled down and everyday low price has a lot more value right now. 
Richard Dreiling: I think it's driven primarily by the work that Greg and his team are doing on work elimination. We're doing a much better job on the EZ Store sort, which is allowing the sort to be even more relevant in relation to the proximity of the product on the rolltainer, where it is on the shelf. But I think we're doing a good job of eliminating unnecessary work and our goal, Matt, long term, is to reinvest that labor back into more selling opportunities. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Great question. Let me do the first one. The increased promotional activity was primarily around soda pricing. I would say probably soda pricing, bread and milk will probably be the 3 key categories. And probably, in all honesty, more on the national brand side than the private brand side. Tobacco is tobacco, but soda for us resides in candy and snacks. And that's why you would see that number rise because it's primarily driven by carbonated beverage. 
Richard Dreiling: My -- I look at the ad every day with my team -- every Monday with my team. It does appear, Mark, that things are starting to moderate. You'll see a pretty aggressive soda price once in a while. But my view right now is, as we move into the back half, that it appears to finally be getting more in the traditional sense, competitive but not elevated. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Great question. I would say across the board. What happens is when one channel gets hot, every other channel has to respond. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. It's a little early, but the primary driver of that is the life cycle store and that's the idea of going at limited square feet. So we're going in and taking out categories that aren't performing as well, expanding on the ones that are, which gives us the opportunity to add more regional or local items. The sales results on the life cycle stores, Meredith, are very good right now. We're very pleased, but a little too soon to lay it all on the table yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, absolutely. What this has allowed us to do is to experiment with different SKUs without having to make a much larger commitment. So yes, the answer is yes. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think that's a very fair question. The first thing I would say is you have to remember, we've introduced a lot of what we're calling affordable SKUs. So some of the pressure we've put on the top sales line is the fact that we're selling an item at $1 that we probably would have sold for $1.50 or even $2 a year ago. So some of that is us. And again, I always come back to, Scott, I believe this is a unit game and a transaction game and we've made a conscious decision to sell SKUs that we believe are affordable. And I think it's fair to say, too, that the customer is buying less. They are stretching that food dollar. I think they are coming out for events. I think that our performance around -- I would look at you and tell you our performance around Memorial Day and July 4 was better than it's been in several years and we were there for the consumer with the right prices. So right now, I would say, it's probably -- some of it is, maybe 50%, a change in tactic for us, where we're trying to sell lower-value SKUs and get them into that basket. And probably a good 50% is a retreat on the consumer side. 
Richard Dreiling: Well, where we're at right now, our benefit savings -- the team here is taking a really interesting tack, in that we are really wellness focused. Even myself, I have to talk to a wellness coach once a quarter that talks to me about how much I'm exercising, what I'm eating, how I'm doing with my weight. And that program is actually going through the chain. And I think, as silly as that sounds, I think that it has actually helped us. We have seen lower enrollment. So I think those are all positive signs. It's a little soon for me to forecast 2015, but I think we've laid a lot of really good pipe here that's helping us on that line. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think as I look at the summer seasonal number, that -- yes, actually, the seasonal -- the summer seasonal was up 3.3%, 3.7%, right in that window. There are other categories in there with seasonal that dragged the total number down. So I'm actually quite pleased with what our offering was and again, a major commitment to more affordable items. We are definitely feeling very good about where we are quarter-to-date. And the most important thing -- I'm sorry, John, the most important thing is we're continuing to grow our share and we're continuing to grow our units. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think it's a little soon yet. But I will tell you this. I mean it make sense to me that if you put more money in people's pockets, it's going to translate into more sales to us. So yes, I mean, I said it's a little soon yet and we don't have enough store representation in California to get a really big read on that yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Dan, I really can't talk about that right now. But I will tell you, that's all been taken into our analysis. And again, we feel pretty strong about what we're bringing into the table on the deal. So I need to pass on that one for now. 
Richard Dreiling: Again, I want to kind of stay away from that because it's kind of tied to the Family Dollar deal. And again, I apologize. I just don't think I should answer that right now. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think that's a really fair question. Our rural stores tend to do very well. They operate at a lower volume rate than the urban stores and they tend to have a lower expense structure than the urban stores. Both stores tend to carry about the same margin, in all honestly -- honesty. So net-net, the overall performance of the 2 stores tends to be about the same. I would say the only difference between the 2 formats would be -- well, actually a couple of things. Number one, shrink will be higher in an urban environment than a suburban environment and you deal with more competitive pressure in the urban environment because there tends to be more choices. But overall, at the end of the day, our performance has been typically pretty even across the board. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I tend to look at -- we call the ones on the outer ring satellite city. That's more of suburbia versus urban. And again, we look at that a little bit different than the urban environment and suburbia would be right in between the 2 extremes. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Vince, those are all incremental SKUs. We have a category management process, where we step back -- and I shouldn't say they're incremental. Something else probably came off in another category that wasn't moving and turning as fast. But for example, in the soap set we -- or the chemical set, we would have added SKUs, taking it from somewhere else. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would -- Vince, I would like to see the non-consumable mix start to increase. Obviously, that's where the margin is in our business and the introduction of these $1 SKUs, $5 SKUs -- I think we're going to have more $1 SKUs for Christmas this year than we have ever had. And they carry more margin, albeit you sacrifice on the top line, but you give the customer what they want. So we are working very hard to get the non-consumable mix as a percentage of sales up. 
Richard Dreiling: I wish I could look at you and give you a definitive number. I'd just like to see it move north of last year for a quarter. I want to start there first. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would tell you, probably, we haven't really let that out. But the contribution to the comp is de-accelerating at a significant rate and the important thing is the comp -- that cigarettes are still comping positive. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. It was primarily sundries, household type items that, as we said, we're working a little bit hard on to get those going. I was pleased with apparel. I am -- I'd like to reinforce that. We had men's and ladies and children's, boys particularly, were all solid. And one of the other things, too, Dan, in -- believe it or not, in the seasonal category is magazines. And the whole magazine world is going through a significant restructuring now and we're not as in stock on that particular category of magazines and books as we have in the past. So the seasonal number is just more than just good old-fashioned summer seasonal stuff. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. And again, I apologize, it's a little soon for me to be talking about those things. So all I would say is we're continuing to work and explore our options. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think that as we move through the back half of the year, I think the competitive environment will be heightened, but I don't think it's going to be irrational. I think, it appears to me, people -- or someone else actually brought it up on the call. I think the activity in the consumer is more focused around certain specific events. And I think Labor Day -- and we're prepared for the intense Labor Day, but then we think, things will probably settle down for a period of time. We're ready to go for Black Friday. We've got a Christmas plan in place and I see no deviation from what we have laid out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. But I think, right now, we have a plan in place that's a little -- we've gone through 2 quarters of this. We have a plan in place now that should be able to anticipate that if it's going to happen. That's why we're pretty confident that the back half margin is going to be pretty flat to last year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. As I'm looking at this, Paul, I expect the acceleration to be broad-based. I am particularly looking for food, chemical and paper, particularly, to begin to accelerate as we move through the back half of the year. I think that we will see comps accelerate as we move across the 2 quarters, taking into account we're up against a very soft fourth quarter last year. What is encouraging me right now is the increase in traffic and the increase in units and particularly, the increase in unit share. And why we have sacrificed some sales in order to sell more SKUs that are more affordable, we believe that the traffic is going to overcome that as we move through the quarter. The attachment rate on cigarettes continues to be at or above what we thought it was going to be. And I think we're very well positioned. I'm very excited about what we're going to do from November to January 1, in particular. And by the way, I forgot about we had the coupon program rolling out, too, which is going to allow our customer to be able to extract savings out of the newspaper without having to click coupon. And it'd be downloaded to their phone and they can use as many as they want when they get to the store. 
Richard Dreiling: And I would say, too, Paul, that when I look at the margin in the second quarter particularly, a lot of that was self-inflicted by our decision to get a little more promotional, particularly on CSD, but not give up on our everyday low prices. And we did not off -- we didn't raise any prices to offset that promotional activity. And I'm actually thinking, based on what we saw with customer traffic and units, it was a wise decision. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Good question. They actually tend to carry more margin at the end of the day. Now you've sacrificed the sales, you have to look at it a little like private brands, right? When the consumer buys a private brand, you give up some sales but you make more margin. The $1 SKUs that we've been adding are actually carrying more margin. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think I would -- rather than getting into a specific, I would say the lift is significantly above the average that we are running in the chain right now. And our goal is -- we think we have up to 1,500 stores that we could do. We have 250 done. So as we move through '15, I think as this continues to play out, you'll probably, probably hear us talking about accelerating that. 
Richard Dreiling: The other thing I'd like to throw out there, as I'm sure you guys are aware, there's an import strike scare out there and we made a conscious decision to bring some of our holiday merchandise in a little sooner. 
David Tehle: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. In light of the competitive environment during much of the second quarter, we managed our gross margin well and we are especially pleased with our ability to control expenses in the quarter. Our gross profit increased 6% for the quarter. As a percentage of sales, gross profit decreased by 53 basis points to 30.8%. As Rick mentioned, promotional markdowns were the most significant factor contributing to gross margin compression, in addition to the higher mix of lower-margin consumables, primarily tobacco and perishables. These factors were partially offset by higher initial markups. The change in our year-over-year shrink rate and the LIFO adjustment were insignificant in the quarter. This is noteworthy as stabilizing our shrink performance is the first step towards ultimately improving the shrink results.  SG&A expense was 21.7% of sales in the 2014 period compared to 21.9% in the 2013 period or 21.8%, excluding the $8.5 million legal settlement. Excluding the legal settlement from last year's SG&A, our SG&A rate improved slightly as a result of improved leverage on retail labor expense and a decrease in benefit costs. Rent and advertising expenses increased at a higher rate than our increasing sales. Interest expense was up $2 million from the 2013 second quarter. We had higher borrowings related to our increased share repurchases. The second quarter tax rate was 38.1% compared to last year's effective tax rate of 37.4%, with the increase relating to the expiration of various federal jobs tax credit program. On a reported basis, our net income increased 2.4% to $251 million or $0.83 per share in the 2014 quarter from $245 million or $0.75 per share in the 2013 quarter. Excluding the $8.5 million legal settlement in the 2013 second quarter, adjusted income was up slightly. Earnings per share increased 11% on a GAAP basis and 8% on an adjusted basis. Year-to-date, we generated cash from operations of $487 million. Total capital expenditures were $191 million, including $66 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $58 million related to new leased stores, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; $27 million for distribution, transportation-related capital expenditures; $21 million for information system upgrades and technology-related projects; and $16 million for stores sold by the company. Year-to-date, we have opened 426 new stores and relocated or remodeled 585 stores, including over 250 of the approximately 400 planned life cycle remodels. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our newly relocated and remodeled stores. We did not repurchase shares in the second quarter. We have approximately $223 million remaining in the existing authorization. Since the inception of the share repurchase program in December 2011, we've repurchased approximately $2.3 billion or 44.5 million shares of our common stock. Our share repurchase program is currently on hold as we await the outcome of our proposed transaction with Family Dollar. Looking at the balance sheet, as of August 1, total inventory were $2.79 billion, up about 4% on a per-store basis. Turning now to guidance. Looking forward, we expect -- we continue to expect top line sales for 2014 to increase 8% to 9%. Same-store sales are now expected to increase 3.0% to 3.5%, given our trends we saw in the first half of the year. Overall, square footage is expected to grow approximately 6% to 7% and we continue to expect adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year of $3.45 to $3.55, excluding any cost changes to our share repurchase estimates related to the potential FDO transaction. As you model your earnings for the third and fourth quarter, please keep in mind that we expect stronger earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter due to the easing of the comparison. For the year, we plan to open approximately 700 new stores and capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $450 million to $500 million. With that, I will turn the call back over to Rick. 
David Tehle: Yes. And again, we -- I would say we kind of trimmed it a little bit in terms of when we went from a $3 to $4 to $3 to $3.50. Definitely, we're seeing a little bit better SG&A leverage in the back half of the year than what we previously had. We also tweaked the share count a little bit. The share count is a little bit lower. And again, I don't view this as a major change, what we did on the comp side of it. 
David Tehle: Yes. I think as you look at it, you have to look at the pluses and the minuses. We still have a lot of confidence in our initiatives that we've been talking about for the past few years, our private label and the things we're doing, some of the exciting things, the new items that we're adding in private label and the growth that we're seeing there. Foreign sourcing continues to be strong. It continues to be growing in terms of our focus there. We're focusing a little more on consumables and trying to be less China-centric in terms of where we're bringing items in from. And then we've mentioned shrink on this call earlier, that we're starting to see some progress there through what we're doing with technology and process and incentives. So I mean, those are all positives. Obviously, we're going to stay true to EDLP and making sure that we're driving more units through the box. And we've said this before, ultimately, that's the most important thing for us, staying true to who we are in EDLP and keeping -- growing our market share and growing the units that we're selling through the individual stores. So that will override everything else. So we have initiatives in place that we believe can help us grow margin, but ultimately, it's going to depend on staying true to EDLP and making sure we continue to grow our share. And we will sacrifice gross margin to do that. 
David Tehle: Yes. That dynamic is still in place. Again, if you look at this quarter that we're coming out of, we got some help from benefits, from health care, our claims being down. We talked a little bit about that. And then our workers' comp also gave us some help. So still saying what we had said earlier in the year around the impact of that team share, affordable care and then that sale leaseback that we do have on SG&A. Certainly, there may be some factors offsetting that, but those items are still out there. 
David Tehle: No, no. We've said 3% to 3.5% and I think 3 to 5 -- 3.5% is probably still a good number. Again, we had some things in this quarter that definitely helped us, but I wouldn't come too far off of that 3.5% that we talked about traditionally. 
David Tehle: Yes. I'll take a shot and then certainly, Rick may want to say more. We're not giving a specific number on gross margin. We do see considerable improvement from what we saw from the first half of the year and you're right, one of the big factors is lapping tobacco. We also see the back half of the year being less promotional than what we saw in the front half of the year. So that has an impact also on it. So we are anticipating significant improvement on a basis-point basis from what we saw in the first half of the year. 
David Tehle: Our turns right now, the way we calculate them, are 4.8. It's the same as it's been the past 3 quarters. Total inventory increased a little over 10% on a 7.5% sales increase. We like to see that inventory increase about the same as sales. On a store basis, we were up 3.7%, 4%, somewhere in that range. Clearly, new SKUs, tobacco presentation levels, a variety of reasons. The bulk of it is core inventory. So that's kind of where we stand on inventory right now. 
