Jeffery Owen: Well, Simeon, thank you for the question. I first want to say, certainly, the last 2 quarters have been challenging. And I can tell you, we're disappointed in our results. This team takes great pride in delivering on our commitments and we've been doing that for the almost 30 years I've been here. And that is something that is not changing. And I can tell you, we have a tremendously deep and outstanding team that's laser focused on executing and innovating over the long term. And certainly, we have faced some challenges. But what we do here at Dollar General is we control what we can control, and that has allowed us to emerge even stronger as we move forward. So as I think about our balance between execution and innovation, one of the things I think it's important to remember is we have a long track record of execution, and this team will continue to deliver on that.  And on the innovation front, we don't do things on the side of our desks. And so as we do innovate, one of the things that our team does more than anything is, as you know, capital is not an issue for us. It's all about organizational capacity. And I think the team has done an excellent job of making sure that we've dedicated the resources, the focus and the time to be able to grow this foundation. And it certainly served us very well.  If you think about these challenging times we're in right now, this company is in a much different place. And as our customer has gravitated towards more consumables, the investments we've made in our strategic initiatives have allowed us to serve her even better and more profitably.  And so as we look forward, we're excited about some of the investments we announced today, which will be on top of the strategic investments we've made previously, which has put us in a very, very enviable position of having a rock-solid foundation strategically and a laser-focused on execution. And this team is committed to delivering that as we look forward into '23 and beyond. 
Jeffery Owen: Yes. We absolutely do, Simeon, and that's one of the -- that's a great distinction. Here, at Dollar General, for the 85 years we've been around, the store has always been the company. And our ability to serve local communities is something that we do better than anybody and we take great pride in that.  And so when you think about the investment that we're very excited about, the reason why it's in hours rather than wages is because we've been paying competitive wages for many years. And you heard in my prepared comments that our wages have increased 23% over the last 3 years. So our ability to attract and retain talent remains one of our core competencies.  And so I'm -- the other thing you got to remember is where our stores are located. They're located in rural communities. 75% are in communities at 20,000 or less. And we prevent -- we provide career growth opportunities that are unmatched in retail, which leads to our staffing levels being very robust, which we mentioned. And that gives us the opportunity because we're in such a good position to invest in the hours.  And so as we think about hours, we're pleased at what we believe this will do to elevate our store standards and our consistency, which we believe the customer will benefit and the associate will benefit.  And so as you -- as we move throughout '23, when you combine the improvements we're making in our supply chain, which really gives us the timing to do this, and you combine that with the in-stock improvements, our customers will begin to see our standards improve, our on-shelf availability will improve, and we'll be ready to serve that growing customer base that we're really pleased that we're seeing.  And so that's what gives us the confidence in this. We feel this is the right level of investment. And the reason we feel that way is because we've been testing and learning this in 2022. You know Dollar General very well. We don't do things just on a whim. We test and learn. We've been doing that in '22. We liked what we saw. And we wanted to make sure our supply chain was in a position where we could take advantage of the ability to elevate the experience for the customer while we flow goods freely to the stores.  And right now, we're in a good position to do that as we enter '23, and we're excited about what this is going to do for the customer and ultimately, the return we're going to see over time. 
Jeffery Owen: Well, thanks, Matt. I'll start, and then I'll kick it over to John. As you think about the customer, one of the good things about Dollar General is we're an all-weather brand. And we've shown over the last 3 decades how we can serve that customer in any economic environment.  But what we're seeing right now with our customer is the best news we have is that she's still employed. And as we've talked about for many years, that is the single most important factor to her economic health. But we are certainly, as we talk to our customers, and as you know, Matt, we do this very, very frequently, and our digital capabilities allow us to do it in many different ways, which we're pleased, we're seeing that she's worse off financially.  And it's primarily due to food inflation. And obviously, as you think about how that changes her behaviors, one of the things we're seeing is she's relying more on savings, credit cards, and also borrowing money, quite frankly, from friends. And as that shows up in the store, what we're seeing in the shopping behavior is that translates into our customer coming more often, she's buying fewer items on occasion.  And I got to tell you, one of the things we're very, very pleased with is the fact that we are still leaning hard into our dollar price point. And we're there for that customer. And as you saw in our prepared comments, that is resonating extremely well with her, as you saw from the comp sales we're seeing in that category. But also, we're seeing her lean into private brands, and we're seeing her shift her purchases more to consumables.  But as you know, our core customer, she's the smartest customer, I believe, in retail, and she figures this out over time. And our box is more relevant than ever as a result of the investments we've made over the last several years. And that allows us to go where the customer wants us to go and do it more profitably. And that's a very enviable position for us, and I think our market share gains kind of show that.  But that's kind of what we're seeing from the customer standpoint. And certainly, there's some near-term challenges that have just recently emerged. I'll let John talk about that in Q1. 
Jeffery Owen: Rupesh, you're right. We are very excited about what we're seeing on our DG Media Network. And quite frankly, our digital acceleration in general. One of the things that we've learned over the last couple of years when we started this journey was how digitally savvy our customer is and how much it helps her to be more connected and more loyal to Dollar General and it shows up in her ability to spend with us.  Certainly, as you think about the network and you think about what we're able to bring to the market, we're able to bring access to a segment of the population that's really difficult to connect with. And when you think about the rural population, 30% of the United States population, that's meaningful. And that's why our brand partners and our CPG partners are very excited to partner with DG, and we're excited about where the media network will go over time.  In terms of kind of how we handle the dollars that we're receiving from that, obviously, one of the things that's great about this company is our ability to grow our operating profit and reinvest in the business. And this is one of the ways it allows us to do that. And so that's why we're all very excited about the strategic foundation we've built here, the muscle we've built. And we're excited about some of the initiatives that we're going to bring to the forefront as we look forward, especially in '23 and beyond. 
Jeffery Owen: Well, Corey, first of all, we are very pleased at the market share gains that we've been able to achieve, both on the consumable and on the nonconsumable segments of our business. And when you think about our customers as well, we're also incredibly pleased with the fact that we were able to increase our productivity with really all segments of our core customer. We increased our share of wallet, our share of trips. Those are all really encouraging signs and very pleased to see that. It's a credit to our team and their ability to connect with this customer, bring an assortment that she's looking for and delivered in a consistent fashion.  As you think about the donors, it's really the same donors we've had for quite some time, primarily drug is our biggest share donor. And so as we look forward to continuing to refine our assortment, our strategic initiatives, really allow us to really bring even more, we believe, relevant assortment to our customer. We think we're in the early to mid-innings on many of these initiatives when you think about our treasure hunt with NCI, when you think about DG Fresh and the relevance of the perishable and frozen offering, you think about produce.  And we're very pleased on our digital strategy that's allowing us to, quite frankly, through our first-party data, our ability to understand this customer on an even greater level than we ever have before, we'll be able to continue to bring the relevance she's looking for. And when you think about our growing store base, we continue to see our share opportunity very, very optimistically, and we would expect us to continue to take it from the same donors we've seen in previous. 
Jeffery Owen: I'd like to thank you all for your questions and your interest in Dollar General. And while our operating environment is dynamic for our customer and business, we are staying focused on the things that we can control, which is continued innovation and execution in our business.  If I could summarize our discussion today, I'd like to leave you with these three things. First, we have a powerful growth strategy. Second, we are investing in the future. And third, we are doing this while also planning to deliver strong results in 2023.  We're excited about this business, and I am confident we are well positioned to serve our customers and also create value for our shareholders in the year ahead. Thank you for your listening today, and I hope you have a great day. 
John Garratt: Yes. So in terms of the customer, as Jeff said, we're continuing to see an increasingly economically strained customer, and we're seeing shopping behaviors indicative of this environment. The two recent events we're monitoring is the termination of SNAP benefits, the emergency waivers in the remaining states, coupled with lower tax refunds in recent weeks. It's possible this could further pressure the low-income customers somewhat in the near term remains to be seen. We didn't see an impact last year. Some rolled off, but the customer is in a different place now.  So we'll carefully monitor that, but we continue to believe that the customer needs us even more in tough environments as history has shown, and our full year guidance is reflective of all we know today.  In terms of the shape of the year, I'll kind of talk to first half, second half and then Q1, both in terms of sales as well as earnings. As you look at the shape of the year, as we indicated, it's really a back half story for EPS growth. Now we're expecting sales comp to be relatively even between the first half and the second half, slightly higher in the second half. But then we expect continued headwinds, as we mentioned, from sales mix pressure, higher interest expense and increased shrink and damages as we move through Q1 or rather the first half.  And then in the second half, we anticipate a pretty sizable benefit from lapping the significant supply chain costs and winter storm impacts from the second half of 2022 as well as the benefit of the initiatives that we're driving.  Now as you look at Q1, we mentioned that we anticipate certain headwinds to be most pronounced in Q1. That includes the estimated year-over-year increase in interest expense, which we quantified as $40 million as well as inventory damages and then the residual impact of the storage capacity constraints and related supply chain efficiencies -- inefficiencies we've mentioned.  And then the other piece is with regard to the labor investment. We expect the year-over-year net impact -- pressure from that to be most significant in Q1. And that's because we don't begin lapping last year's smaller investments until Q2 and believe the benefits of the incremental labor will be more significant later in the year. 
John Garratt: Sure. I'll start by saying that our capital allocation priorities have not changed. Our first priority remains investing in the business. When you have high return growth opportunities like new store growth, remodels and our strategic initiatives, that's where we focus our capital.  Then our second priority is then returning the excess cash to shareholders based on the excess cash and debt capacity, paying a competitive dividend as we increased this quarter, and then by buying back shares with the remaining excess cash and debt capacity. But we remain focused on protecting our current investment-grade credit rating by keeping our adjusted debt to EBITDA around 3.  In terms of CapEx, that is up a bit this year. We guided to $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. Really includes the impact of pretty significant inflation, particularly when you think of steel. As we accelerate the unit growth story here, the remodels as well as build, we're working on three distribution centers here, which is going to help our capacity. So it takes some capital to do that, but we see great returns in these.  And as you look at the stores, not only are we doing more stores, we're doing bigger stores. And we love what we see with these bigger stores with more sales, more profit per store. So a little more CapEx but really like the return from these. So I think that's the way to think about our capital allocation priorities and the drivers. 
John Garratt: Yes. I'll elaborate on SNAP a little bit, and then I can talk about tax refunds and then talk about COLA. In terms of SNAP, it's interesting. You had an increase -- a pretty good increase in the tender over the last few years since the pandemic, as states enacted the emergency allotment benefits. Over the last couple of years, we've seen about 18 states roll off -- some of our key states. And what we saw is with the elimination of this, we saw an offset in other tender methods. And we didn't see an overall impact to our sales.  What we are monitoring though, is that, coupled with the tax refunds, which are lower in general, they're a little bit ahead in terms of the number of returns filed. But per return, what we're seeing so far and everybody is seeing, is a lower return overall in terms of the dollars. And so we're monitoring the two. Too early to call, but monitoring if those two and where the customer is at right now has a different impact remains to be seen.  In terms of COLA, we did see some bump from COLA, particularly those consumers and those stores that over-index with that consumer that receives benefits based on COLA. However, I would say, while a benefit, we saw some bump, not a significant impact. 
John Garratt: Yes. The way to think about this is very significant LIFO charge last year. We don't expect a deflationary environment this year, so we do expect a LIFO charge. But we are assuming a more moderate LIFO charge. So less of a headwind this year.  I think one thing to just bear in mind as you think about the year-over-year, we did mitigate where we could, the LIFO charge by taking targeted pricing actions as we saw the market move. So that mitigated the impact of that. So I wouldn't consider this fully a tailwind, but certainly less of a headwind as we go into this year. 
John Garratt: Yes. So in terms of the cadence for the year, what we said is it really is a back-half story. You really are going to see the growth in the back half of the year. We're not anticipating a sizable drop in the first half. We're looking at it to be modestly up to flattish. But -- so then it's really a back-half story in terms of the earnings.  In terms of the AP to inventory, what we have seen is the driver of that is really higher inventory levels, coupled with the timing of payments. As you look at the timing of payments, one of the things, for instance, that impacts with the 53rd week, it then pulls in the week 1 rent payment.  So as we look further, we expect inventory levels to normalize. As you look at -- in Q4, we saw our inventory per store dropped in half. It went -- it was 14% on a per store basis, which was about half the growth rate we saw in the previous period -- or previous quarter. And again, it reflects the same drivers that's really the product cost inflation and a greater mix of higher-value products, particularly in NCI as we completed the rollout of that.  Important thing to note here is it is seasonal goods -- or it's early receipt of seasonal goods or was there other driver. But it's important to note that these are evergreen-type products, which aren't time-sensitive. So we feel really good about the quality of the inventory, the ability to move through that and expect this to continue to normalize as we move through the year. 
John Garratt: Sure. Again, getting back to the capital, a big driver of that was the inflation as well as the stepped up real estate and the number of projects we're doing in terms of DCs, working on three DCs in one quarter. So again, feel great about the returns of these.  I don't want to speculate on -- and give future guidance on CapEx. Could see an environment where with the inflation coming down, it would moderate that. But more to come in terms of the CapEx, but what we are really focused on is the returns of these and feel great about the returns and we'll see what's required to grow the business going forward, but more to come. 
John Garratt: As you think of the algorithm and if you just step back and look over the last 3 years, while it's been up and down over the last 3 years in this environment, every element of that well in excess of the algorithm. If you look at sales comp, well in excess of the algorithm; expansion of gross margin and operating margin; operating income, EPS, well in excess of the algorithm. So we feel very good about the performance over this period of time, and we feel the model remains very strong and very resilient.  We continue to see ourselves as 10%-plus EPS growers over the long term, not every year. Some years, we see it prudent to invest to protect that growth over the long term. But if you look at the business model and fundamentals, they're very strong with the unique combination of value and convenience resonating as strong as ever. We continue to see very compelling store-level economics in new store returns and then significant bumps from the remodels. And we continue to see 16,000-plus new store opportunities for everybody in our space. But obviously, we've been getting an outsized share of that. So significant runway for growth.  The initiatives are performing very well, helping both the top line and bottom line. They're focused on both. And we see, as I mentioned, a lot of levers within gross margin to continue to expand that over the long term. And the business generates a lot of cash to then buy back shares and reinvest in the business. So we think top to bottom, the business model and fundamentals remain very strong. 
John Garratt: I don't want to give specific guidance, but I would just say we feel very good about the future and the strength of the business. 
John Garratt: Yes. As you think of the headwinds and the tailwinds, I'll start with the headwinds, but then go to what we see as a pretty sizable tailwind -- tailwinds. The ones we talked about were one, sales mix, that pressure continuing. So we've assumed that. We've also assumed shrink and damages as we move through the first half, in particular. And then increased markdowns, and that's really just getting back to rates more in line with historical norms.  I wouldn't say of these one really stands out significantly over the others, but they all contribute as headwinds. And then, again, the shrink and damages more of a first half pressure than back half as we see it now. Damages, in particular, Q1 pressure as you look at the cadence of the year.  We mentioned the LIFO impact, and we do think that will provide some benefit, but I wouldn't flow the whole thing through because you had the pricing that went with that last year.  But then as you think of the tailwinds, the biggest one I would point to and the biggest overall driver I would point to here is the supply chain. We expect a pretty material benefit from lapping the increased supply chain expenses in the second half of last year as well as the sizable benefits from greater distribution center capacity and productivity, lower carrier rates as well as the benefit of expanding our private tractor fleet, which we're growing from 1,600 tractors at the end of last year to over 2,000 by the end of next year.  And again, as we make those conversions, it's about a 20% savings in addition to other benefits that we expect as we optimize DG Fresh, NCI, and then expect a pretty sizable benefit from DG Media Network to name a few. And then obviously, we intend to leverage our scale as we have as a limited SKU operator, and that's another lever amongst the other levers we've mentioned in the past.  So again, as you look at the guide for the year, we gave the top line, the bottom line, we didn't give gross margin, but I think it implies a pretty healthy operating profit growth than rates overall despite pretty sizable investment in the business. 
