Todd Vasos: Thank you, Kelly. As we wrap up, let me just say again that we're laser-focused on getting back to the basics. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, some of these actions will take a little bit more time to deliver the desired results. But we expect to demonstrate significant progress over the coming months and look forward to sharing more with you in the quarters ahead. . This team is energized, and we are confident in the actions we're taking to drive operational excellence for our customers and employees and long-term value creation for our shareholders. I want to thank our approximately 185,000 employees for their commitment to doing the work necessary to serve our customers and communities every day. I am proud of this team, and look forward to serving our customers together as we move through this busy holiday season.  With that, operator, we'd now like to open the lines for questions. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thank you for the question. And you're 100% right. The first few weeks back on the deck here, I did take a holistic view across not only our operations, but as you heard, our supply chain, our merchandising areas, looked at everything holistically, and I'll just click off a few.  But first, let me say before I click it off, is that I believe that the investments that have been already talked about this year are $100 million and $150 million in totality labor investments were the exact right thing to do. I don't believe at this point that I see a need that we need to make any other larger outsized investments as we move into '24.  I believe, as I indicated, that the right thing to do is make sure that the $150 million is being used appropriately and in the right areas that touches the consumer and helps our stores be able to better serve our consumer each and every day. And that's exactly what we've done now over the last few weeks.  And that's why I believe taking the smart teams out of the equation, taking that whole bunch of labor that was dedicated to that, putting it directly in our stores to cover the front end of our stores more effectively each and every day, 100% of the time tethered to the front end for customer service and ringing up our customers.  And then also one of the first for Dollar General, quite frankly, and that is deploying some of that labor into a work that ensures that we keep our perpetual inventory correct and ongoingly correct each and every day. Because once again, if the system doesn't realize you need product, it won't send you product.  And unfortunately, over the last year or so, our perpetual inventory numbers have gotten further and further out of whack, quite frankly. And we are now in the midst of bringing those back. We've seen a lot of great traction, but the redeployment of hours of this $50 million coming out of the smart teams will really benefit. And again, this is a first for Dollar General, so it will be great to see that as well. And then as I looked into other areas of the company, I feel fabulous about our pricing.  The great thing when I step back in, our everyday pricing across all channels of trade, including our chief competitor, looks very good and in great position. As a matter of fact, our gaps are right where we would like to see them compared to historical levels. So very good there. Our promotional activity, while I still believe I would call it semi rational across the spectrum, we have seen an uptick in recent weeks on promotional activity.  We're watching that carefully. Is that because we're moving into the holidays? Or is that something that will sustain as we move into '24? So we're watching that carefully. But you know us pretty well, Simeon, we're going to take whatever action is needed. We're going to take it quickly, and we'll make sure that our pricing stays exactly where it needs to be to service our customers.  But at this point, I don't see a need to reinvest any large amounts, sums of money in margin to do anything there. But again, we always reserve the right to be able to do it if that time arises. So right now, I think the investments we've already talked about over this past year are in the system.  I believe they're appropriate. They're now being used, I believe, very appropriately in all areas and are deployed the proper way. Now it's time for execution. And that's what we're doing. We're already starting to see a little bit of benefit, especially as we moved into November on some of our top line results both in consumables and nonconsumables, quite frankly, as we move through November.  So it's great to see it. But again, caution it's very early in the quarter, and it's very early in this new look at how Dollar General is going to go to market. But rest assured, as Kelly indicated, we feel very good about the long-term prospects of getting back to historical levels here at Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Okay, sure. As we look at our results as we move through the quarter, as we indicated, each of the periods were very similar, but we did see continued uptick in our traffic as we move through the quarter and then into November.  Now I'm not going to give you a lot of color in November, but to say that we did see a change in trajectory on our comp as well as we moved into November. So it was great to see. And I would tell you that, again, it was both on the consumable and the nonconsumable side of the equation.  Now one would say, "Well, where is it in the comp?" Well, I would tell you the comp actually was much better as we move through the end of October into November, but we still have a lot of work to do, Matt, to get back to some historical comp type rights here at Dollar General.  I believe the back to basic work that we're doing is going to help us get there faster as you move into the back half of Q4 and into Q1 of '24. Making sure our stores are stocked each and every day when the consumer walks in the store. They'll be able to find what they need is going to be very, very important. So more to come. We've already started to see that.  We've actually have seen our in-stock rates markedly improve over the last few weeks. We check it and watch it each and every week. And I believe that has added to some of that betterment and comp that I talked about in November. So more to come.  I believe the macro still has an effect on us as well as others. But what we've always been and prided ourselves on control, which you can control here at Dollar General, and we're doing just that with back to basics. And we believe that we can help overcome some of those shortcomings in the macro environment with being able to control what -- and what the consumer feels and sees when she's in the store. So more to come. We feel like we're on the right track here, but we've got a lot of work yet to do, but I feel good about that.  As far as our new stores. As you noted, we did take a little bit of a step back this year. Again, this was one of the areas that I cracked open as soon as I walked in the door. Again, we looked at -- there was no sacred cows. We looked at every single piece of this business.  One of the things that I do here with the team, every line of that P&L is scrutinized, every single line, including our investments in capital. And as I looked at our new stores, while still wildly the best use of our capital across the board, I feel it was a prudent decision to take a step back.  Now some people would say, "Boy, still building 800 stores, that's not too big of a step back, that's still a large commitment," and it is, Matt. But it was a prudent decision for a couple of reasons.  One, we talked about the increased cost to build a store today. The interest rates are up. The cost to build a store is up. I feel very good about the work the team has done. They've mitigated some of those costs, but we still have a lot of work to do yet to mitigate even further some of these costs. So why not take a little bit of a step back in new store development, give our teams the opportunity to also get a lower cost to put these buildings in.  So we're doing that as we speak. And I believe that it's exactly the right thing to do. And then as you then step a little bit further back, when you look at some of the work we have to do just internally, it's probably a prudent thing to do to step back a little bit as well, so we can go forward faster in the outer years.  Now I believe that this -- while this may or may not be a 1-year phenomenon, I would tell you that the way we're looking at it right now, we're not here to give guidance past '24, is that we don't see any reason why we can't up our new store openings as we continue to move forward.  We love what we see on still 12,000 opportunities to put a Dollar General out in the continental United States, and we've always prided ourselves on being very quick and first to market to capture the majority and release the oversized portion of those 12,000 opportunities. So nothing yet that we see stands in the way of that. And Kelly, you may want to just touch on the returns just really quickly. 
Todd Vasos: Thanks, Kelly. And as you look at our results in Q3 and how that relates to any activity around clearing this inventory, I would tell you that I feel very good about the balance here. While there was some activity there, actually, some of the bigger activities is really slated for Q4, if needed.  And a lot of that will be centered around our sell-through of holiday.  So we're watching that very closely. But again, early results would say it's right in line where we thought it would be right now. And actually, in some areas, a little bit better. So we're watching that carefully. But I would also say, as we continue to move forward, what we like and what I've seen since I've been back, is I believe we've done exactly the right thing on moving through some of this inventory.  But as I look at the quality of our inventory, it is in very good shape. And actually, as Kelly just indicated, a lot of what we have right now to deal with on an overstock basis is actually more in our core everyday goods. So this isn't about a bunch of screw drivers and hammers or fashion-type items for holiday that we have to move through, this is about having a little bit too much of some basic paper cleaning, food-type items, things like that, that will move through the system pretty naturally as long as we do the right thing with our supply chain and our stores, and that's exactly what back to the basics is meant to address. So feel very good about that and very good about what we see going into the back half of this year and '24. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, thank you, Michael. As both Kelly and I have both said, I don't see anything that gets in the way longer term to getting back to some of our historical ways that we return to our shareholders and our customers. We feel that we're on the right track with our back to basics moves here, both in our labor investments, in our inventory investments as well as in our supply chain and merchandising.  So we feel like we've taken the right appropriate actions now, and we're moving with speed and intent. As I said in my prepared remarks, some of it will occur and manifest itself faster and some will take a little bit more time. But rest assured, we are hitting every single item, and we're monitoring every single item every week here to make sure it's on the right track. And if it happens not to move the way we want, we will then make an adjustment to ensure that it does.  We are squarely focused on getting this company back to its historical returns that everyone is accustomed to seeing. And most importantly, our customer is used to seeing at store level. Now as Kelly indicated, there are some near-term headwinds. As much as I would love Michael to give you more color right now, we're not here to give '24 guidance.  We wanted to though make sure that you can contextualize at least some of those headwinds as we start to move into 2024, but rest assured, we're going to give you more than you need in the components when we come back and give you the guidance for 2024 to make sure that you can build the models out the proper way.  But again, I want to make sure you also understand, though, that we're not going to wait till '24. We're taking action now to continue to modify and also continue to ensure that we're addressing any of the gaps that are out there that are well in our control. There'll just be a few things that may not be fully in our control in '24 that will probably be more of a onetime in nature that we'll address at the right time. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. That's a good question. And there's been a lot written up in certain areas on deflation. We've seen some deflationary pieces starting to show up, especially in our nonconsumable discretionary type areas. Nothing that alarms us at this point as we move into 2024. How we're looking at it is we see some real opportunity to reduce initial costs, especially in our import-related goods, not only from the factory, but also for the transportation side.  So ocean freight, fuel cost, bunker fuel cost and such have moderated greatly over the last year. So there's some opportunity to pull cost out. Some of that, we will definitely pass on to the consumer as we continue to watch, especially in those commodity areas of the import side of the business because there's always some good -- even in our nonconsumable areas, there are some good commodity-type items in there.  From a consumable perspective, while there's always movement in those areas of commodities: milk, dairy type areas, oils, wheat, we watch that very carefully. We have component pricing here at Dollar General for not only our national brands, but our private brands. We watch that very, very closely and we monitor that.  Now in saying that, we haven't seen in center of store, if you will, dry grocery, chemical paper, very, very little deflationary pressures. A little bit on those commodities in dairy, as I indicated, some meat items, which we don't -- are not a huge player in. Produce, we're a little bit of a player there in what we've done. There's some deflation there. But again, I would tell you, in totality, nothing that alarms us or believes that it will adversely affect the top line as we move into '24, at least nothing at this point shows that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. I would tell you that the amount of out of stocks we have in our store are probably some of the largest that I've seen in the 15-plus years I've been here and saying that. There are so many work streams that are now underway, Chuck, that I feel good about where we're headed.  As I just indicated a few moments ago, we saw a meaningful change over the last 2 weeks in our in-stock rates at store level. And these are not just on our perpetual inventory system, but this has actually counted inventory from our inventory -- our Washington inventory group that takes our yearly fiscal inventory.  So these are real counts, if you will, real out of stocks and not just out of stocks on the shelf, but out of stocks in the back room, too, so meaning it is not in the system for the consumer at all. So we saw a meaningful drop in that, meaning more available to the consumer.  We believe as we move through the rest of this quarter and into the first, we're going to make even further meaningful advances. Why? We're putting hours toward the inventory specialist role that I mentioned earlier. This is a first for Dollar General to go in and ensure that we keep our on hand or our perpetual inventories more accurate than we have in the past.  We've done this activity in the past, but we have come up with and we are teaching and training individuals to do this in a little bit of a different way, taking a fresh look at it, a fresh approach at it, doing more areas of the store on a weekly basis at a time to ensure that we touch every SKU.  And by the way, touching every department of the store at least once a month and the higher velocity areas more than once a month. So we feel good about the direction. We feel good about how we will be able to quickly pivot and make some adjustments here. Now on the SKU rationalization side. I would tell you that -- and we've said this in the past, we've got between 11,000 and 12,000 total SKUs in our store today, depending on the format, right? We've got some larger formats, as you know, than our smaller ones.  But we believe we have an opportunity to take out a meaningful number of SKUs. I'm not going to give you the number right now. We're still in the midst of looking at that. And how we're looking at it again is from that secondary and tertiary type areas that I talked about it earlier.  We're also, though, taking a fresh approach to look to it from a standpoint of return, right? And so not only a GMROI look at it, but also looking at it from the standpoint of shrink and other areas of components that go into a SKU. And is it still profitable? With shrink being elevated, so a lot of it in our control, some not in our control. There may be SKUs -- and by the way, there are SKUs that we'll be dropping due to the amount of shrink that is in our store as well.  So it's going to be a fresh look across the portfolio SKUs we carry with the consumer in mind first, but also profitability in mind throughout the entire supply chain through our stores. So more to come. I think we can give you a little bit more color as we go into Q1 of next year on both our progress as well as maybe contextualize how meaningful we're talking about here. But rest assured, I wouldn't talk about it on this if I didn't believe it was going to be a meaningful number of SKUs and a meaningful impact to the simplification efforts within our stores. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, and thanks for all the questions and your kind words for welcoming me back. As I said last year that serving this team at Dollar General has been the highlight of my professional career, and I feel the same sense of honor today.  As you heard this morning, we have some hard work yet ahead of us but we know what to do. We've done it before, and we are absolutely set on doing it again as quickly as possible. I'm excited about the opportunities in front of us and all that we've accomplished together over the years and will continue to do so for our customers, associates and shareholders. Thank you for listening, and I hope you have a great day. 
Kelly Dilts: Thanks, Todd. And just so everybody knows, our goal is certainly to get back to the historic levels of operating margin and profit that we're used to. While we're not going to give guidance, obviously, for '24 today, I do want to give a little bit of color of '24 just around some near-term headwinds that we're seeing.  The first of those is around lapping really significantly reduced incentive compensation as well as stock-based compensation. And so that will just be a near-term headwind as we think about 2024.  The other thing that we're looking at right now is we're expecting a higher effective tax rate. And that's really due to lower benefits around the stock-based compensation piece as well as we've seen historically just some higher state effective tax rates as we have moved through the last few years.  So those are near-term headwinds, certainly not anything long term that we need to worry about.  The other thing is around shrink. And so as you know, shrink has been pretty significant for us for a while, and it's definitely going to carry into 2024. As I talked about in the prepared remarks, it just takes a while to start showing up in your financial results.  And just to give you a little bit more color of kind of where we are with shrink on a year-to-date basis. Shrink is actually 100 basis point headwind for us. And then as we moved into Q3, it's actually running just a little bit higher than that. And so certainly a pressure near term for us, something that we're looking to hopefully -- we're mitigating along the way, and it'll show up in the financial results later in 2024.  And then as we think about just our underserved customers, we're just making sure that we're watching her and whether she gains -- stays gainfully employed. All the actions that Todd just noted and getting back to the basics is certainly going to set us up nicely to be able to serve her and it doesn't matter what economic environment. And we've always been an all-weather brand, and we certainly will continue to be so as we move forward.  So that's a little bit of color on '24. We're going to give you a lot more color in March and give you a little bit more holistic view there. But what I'll say is, overall, the fundamentals of this business are absolutely unchanged and this model remains strong. And on a longer-term basis, we believe that we're going to get back to the historic levels that this model is accustomed to delivering. 
Kelly Dilts: Yes. No, absolutely. And so an 18% return in this environment is fabulous, and Todd noted it, it's still a great use of capital. The new unit economics are still very strong as we move into '24. And it has a great payback period still of less than 2 years.  And the other thing that we haven't seen is any change in the cannibalization rate. The other thing I'd point out and Dollar General is just fantastic at this. Our real estate group is pretty amazing, and we have an extremely high hit rate of success and you've seen that over the years. So we feel really good about the projects. We feel good about the 18% return, and of course, as Todd noted, while we're pleased with all of that in typical Dollar General fashion, we're going to work to improve it as we go through '24. 
Kelly Dilts: Yes. No, thanks for the question. And inventory reduction is absolutely a priority of ours this year, and it will be a priority as we move into next year. I think the good news for us is that the quality of our inventory is good, but we've talked a lot in the past about the benefits of inventory reduction and just what that does as you reduce the complexities in both the stores and the distribution centers.  So I would say our progress is on track in our reduction efforts, and you saw a little bit of that in the numbers today. So total inventory increase was 3% on a year-over-year basis. But if you look at it on a per store basis, we're down 1.8%. I think the real story here is, is around the nonconsumable piece. And so we are down 15% on a year-over-year basis there, and we're down 19% on a per store basis.  I think the other important thing to call out, and we've been calling it out every quarter, but this one is even more significant as we've seen a 58% decrease in our import receipts. And again, that's us buying around that product and making sure that we're selling through it. And so we feel good about where we're headed for the end of the year.  Just a little bit longer term, I'd say we have several work streams in place that are working on inventory reduction, but just as important, and this kind of goes to the top line is inventory optimization and making sure that we're going where the customer wants us to go.  And so I would say with all of these things in place, we should feel pretty good about where we're landing at the end of '23, but we're going to feel even better as we see continued improvement in inventory levels as we move through '24. 
