Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. As we expected when we gave our first quarter outlook in March, the challenges of weather, the heightened competitive environment and the current economic environment continued to impact our sales. However, as we reported today, our first quarter sales performance proved to even be more challenging than anticipated.  As we said in March, as the weather normalized, our sales trends improved. We saw a turn in our business during April, even as we take into account the Easter shift. That momentum has continued quarter-to-date. In quarter 2, we are seeing strength across both our consumables and the non-consumable categories. The impact of the inclement weather across much of the country affected each first of the month in the quarter, typically the strongest sales week, so we essentially lost the opportunity for sales across the first of each month.  Although our sales performance was softer than we anticipated for the first quarter, there were several positive highlights. For example, in addition to the favorable impact of the Easter shift on the Easter-related sales, we saw an improvement in our comp sales trends across the store as we moved through April. Based on our current sales trends, I believe that we are starting to see our initiatives gain traction, albeit a little later than we had anticipated. David will provide more details on our financial results in a moment, but I want to share just a few highlights.  Our net sales increased 6.8% over last year to over $4.5 billion. Same-store sales grew 1.5%. We are pleased to report that both customer traffic and average ticket increased for the 25th consecutive quarter. As expected, April was stronger than February and March for several reasons, including the shift in timing of Easter. We had a very good Easter as we saw our sell-through rates increase significantly from prior years' Easter sales.  Our gross margin as a percentage of sales declined 57 basis points primarily due to the increase in the sales of lower-margin consumables, including tobacco and perishables, as a percentage of overall sales.  SG&A increased by 37 basis points, primarily the result of deleverage on rent and utility costs resulting in part from our same-store sales performance, as well as additional costs incurred due to the extreme winter weather.  Net income was $222 million. Earnings per diluted share was $0.72, at the low end of our guidance. We returned $800 million in cash to shareholders through the repurchase of 14.1 million shares of stock, bringing our total cash return to shareholders since the inception of our store (sic) [share] repurchase program in December of 2011 to $2.3 billion. We are maintaining our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year.  I'll talk more about our operating initiatives for 2014 in a moment, but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Scot, here is how we're looking at this. First off, as I look at the competitive environment, while the competitive environment is intense, it is no more intense than it was when we were in the fourth quarter. It's just kind of remains more at an elevated level. It's not like people are doing silly things out there. The second thing in regards to our major competitor out there, I think it's fair to say they're moving down towards us. I don't think there should be any worry that they're attempting to get under us. I haven't seen anything to indicate that at this time. And then in regards to the investments we're making, and I want to reiterate our commitment to EDLP, as we moved into April and into May, some of the high-traffic, high-penetration items that we've seen in the ad, we made the decision to place them in our ad also. And by the way, when I say that, a handful of items. And you can't -- our environment, you can't operate where a competitor has a better price in an ad -- when you're in the ad with the same item. So a handful of selective items across consumable categories. And again, no major change, no major change in the competitive environment and not seeing many changes at all in our price as it relates to where we are against drug, mass or grocery. 
Richard Dreiling: Absolutely, and that's falls to the affordability thing. The private brand, the gap we have in private brand against national brands is pretty significant. And I think, Scot, that provides a wonderful trade-down opportunity for our customers. Then you couple that with the work we're doing on SKUs that are between $1 and $5 across the store, and you're getting a pretty powerful one-two punch directed at affordability. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Matt, I'll take that one. One of the metrics that I'm most proud of is where we are in square footage, sales per square foot. We've started about $163 in January of '08. We're actually at $220 now. And I believe we have -- there's still opportunity there. I can't look at you and say, hey, it's going to be $250 or $270. As we continue to refine our mix, maximize category management, believe it or not, it's one of the metrics we look at the hardest, and we still think we've got room to grow it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. And first of all, I don't want anybody to think we're out there lowering a lot of prices. Our EDLP position has got us incredibly strong as it relates to our competition out there. What we have done, Dan, is taken some items in the ad and trued them up with what's going on around us, right? And again, I think it's really important that I don't want anyone to think the competitive environment has changed radically in the course of the last 1.5 quarters. Our average unit retail is slightly down, and it's driven primarily probably by a little bit of deflation that we're seeing in cereals, grain items, sugar, oil, and we don't have offsetting categories because of our limited amount of SKUs in the store to offset that. And in regards to these new items, $1 to $5, I would say, quite frankly, they probably carry margin rates that are very similar to what we normally deal with. And in some cases, sometimes, the lower-value SKUs actually carry a little more margin. 
Richard Dreiling: Let me tell you -- let me answer it this way. If I looked how I felt where I'm sitting right now in quarter 4 or quarter 1, where I was sitting in the quarter, I feel a whole lot better today. So I think we have seen improving trends the minute the weather changed, so I think we're on track. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, a very fair question, Ed. I actually thought, as the weather would improve, that the promotional environment would level off, and that hasn't happened. And we've made a decision on a handful of select items where we need to do the right thing for our customer. We've done that. But the key takeaway is we have not abandoned our commitment to EDLP. I want to make sure everybody understands we are managing this thing, and I did think the promotional activity would slow down. It's not any worse, but on the same token, we're not going to wait around until it does. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think it's fair to say that we're working on cost and working on our margin like we always have. And right now, our #1 emphasis -- our #1 priority is same-store sales growth. And we're seeing -- we started seeing a momentum shift in April, and we're intent, Steve, on keeping that moving. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, really, really solid question. We look at our real estate returns every week, look at our projects. We're opening our stores in that 85% to 90% of our same-store sales base. As I look at our pro forma and how we're actually performing we're at about 101%, I believe, actually doing just a little bit better. I actually think that the slowing down of growth in our competitor will lead to better real estate values for us, hopefully, down the road because there'll be less people fighting over a site. 
Richard Dreiling: I think that they're scattered all over, and I think we're going to have -- it's kind of like CVS abandoning cigarettes. I think that's one of those things we're going to have let it play out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think, Dan, as I look at this, I think that's, again, a really solid observation. And I think if you look over the last couple of years, in our desire to become more and more relevant, we added more and more SKUs that, quite frankly, weren't turning as fast as we thought they were going to. And I think it was about this time last year, I actually admitted not only were they not turning as fast, but they were actually creating incremental shrink. And we have begun the process now of -- we've taken now over 600 of those slower-turn items that were creating shrink. In fact, I think we're just about complete with that process. And we get it without incremental markdowns involved. Well, I got tongue-tied there for a minute. So to answer your question, I think if you go back to when I first got here, the fruit was much lower on the ground. It was easier to say we needed this and we needed this and we needed this. Now what happens as we fine-tune our mix, we're going to have to be a little more select going forward. And I think what we should see, as we add more SKUs in the $1 to $5 range, if the affordability strategy works, we should see our inventory turns increase. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, Paul, as you look at the Nielsen numbers, they would actually tell you that the pie is contracting a little bit. And it's hard to believe that people are eating less or using less detergent, but apparently, they all are at the end of the day. And in fact, we actually have market research that talks about how people are trying to stretch 1 meal into 2 by adding more starch to the product. I think -- and I literally looked at this information last night, literally looked at this last night. The new Nielsen numbers are out. And on a 4-week basis and a 12-week basis, our unit share growth and share growth are accelerating. And I take that as a sign that we are -- the mix we have in the stores, the allocation of product base, how it is on the store is still the right thing to do. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think Walmart is an outstanding competitor, I mean, the largest retailer in the United States. We have experienced Express stores where our stores -- they've been opened up against us. I can tell you, in every instance where that has happened, after 1 year, the stores are comping positive, so it's not like there's this major knockout punch here. I do think that when we take the hit when a Walmart Express opens up, it's no different than with another competitor would open up. So I could actually make an argument if I get them all and just gave you an average, it might even be less. I do think that it's -- the small-box is -- I think it's a different animal to operate in terms of the supply chain. We ship in eaches and rolltainers versus pallets and truckloads. And I think there's a lot more work there that needs to be done. I mean, albeit -- Scott, we do have a nice head start, too, if you look at 11,000 stores out there. So I think they're a great competitor. I think they've done a lot of fantastic things, but I also think -- we're going to open up 700 new stores this year. We're going to enter some new markets next year. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think one of the things we're wrestling at is -- and I use fresh to mean also more organic, right, as well as just fresh produce and fresh meat. I do think that our customer is becoming a little more receptive to the organic and the fat free. I can tell you, Scott, when I got here 4 or 5 years ago, they actually thought that product cost more. And it probably did now, and now it's actually coming down on the retail. I do know Todd and his team are looking at that. As far as moving into true fresh, true produce, true meat, that's a little more difficult animal to manage. And the key to us has always been that 7,500 to 10,000 SKUs that are core everyday use and I think will continue to fit well with the people who are really pushing the fresh stuff. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, actually, Meredith, to be honest, that is combination of both. I think the affordability idea, which we will probably start hearing more about, initiated from our market research and the work that's being done here. While those are manufacturer items, they're more also what I would quantify as in-and-out items, right, like a different brand, an old brand that we are now resurrecting. So it's really a combination of both. But I will tell you, if Todd was sitting here in the room with me, he would say that the vendor community is much more receptive to this kind of thinking than they ever have been in the past. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Well, I think the signal here that's the most obvious is we're already ahead of the 2014 pipeline. We've already moved into the 2015 pipeline, which would tell you the availability of the real estate is as strong as it's been the last couple of years. I would say right now, there might be some minus upward pressure in specific pieces of the country. But overall, I would tell you the rates that we're negotiating for are very consistent with what we've got in the last couple of years. In fact, I could actually tell you we're doing better in California. 
Richard Dreiling: It's absolutely driven by merchandising. We are, Matt, like I said in my script, we're very pleased with what we're seeing on the non-consumable side, and you haven't heard me say that in a long time. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would tell you, and again, I never thought I'd say this, women's hanging apparel and shoes are both doing very well. And what's happening is it's starting to drag -- the halo effect is starting to drag men's with it. Now there's been a lot of hard work done on men's, too, but we're pleased with what we're seeing. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Matt, it's all -- it's driven by manufacturer expense. It's all the FSI coupons that you historically see in the Sunday newspaper. We're going to take all of that digital. And then, of course, sooner or later, we'll probably add some DG offers along with it, but there'll be no P&L hit with the implementation of the program. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think -- by the way, your call out is right on. It's about what gap is. Now why were the gaps narrowing? We still significantly have some lead here yet. But I think at the end of the day, Chuck, if that were to happen, if that were to be parity down the road, if that were to happen, it will turn into an execution game. And that will be the ability for us to conceptually take what we've got and make sure it translates its way into the store, which, I think, most people will tell you that we're very good at. And I never, never want to sell short our ability in category management and the fact that we have one of the best category management programs around, and that's how you stay relevant. It's not just having the right price. You have to have the right items at the right time at the right price, and I happen to think we're very good at that. 
Richard Dreiling: No, I mean, we historically said it's in the 85% to 90% range, and I'm pretty comfortable with that number, Chuck. 
Richard Dreiling: The improvement that we started seeing in April and into May is broad-based across all the categories, and it's fair to say that non-consumables are running positive. Now there's puts and takes in there, but we are running positive in non-consumables. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, but I would say if you look at all the categories within there, it's probably as close as it's been in a long time in terms of the boat is floating pretty evenly. And more importantly, John, it's been -- we've got a great team that's working really hard on it. It's taken us a while. I still believe the non-consumable side of the business is incredibly important to us, and I actually believe that's how we'll grow the basket long term. And I think the trouble with non-consumable stuff, with your extensive retail background, it takes a while for your initiative to gain traction, where the consumer comes in and actually sees something different, something new. And that, I think, is actually what's starting to happen. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, again, if I had Vasos with me, he would tell you the offering we have for Christmas is pretty doggone strong, and it's built around affordability. It is going to be a very interesting holiday for us. Having said that, we'll talk more about that probably as we get a little bit closer to it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I'll give you the latest cut I've got on it, John. 31% of our cigarette purchases are cigarettes only. 27% are tobacco plus 1 or 2 items. But the big number now is 42% of tobacco purchases have 3 or more items. So it's continuing to move exactly as we projected, and should say and the basket's growing with it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the trouble when someone gives up something like that, it's going to go a little bit of everywhere. And I think what we have do, John, is just let that play out and see what actually happens. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, so what happens, Joe, you can either go into the store, or you can go into our website on your laptop, and all you do is you sign in with a reference number. Most people probably put their phone number in there. And once you sign in, you opt in, you can look at the assortment of coupons and say, geez, I want these or you can just check the all box. And then what we will do is we'll download those onto your smartphone. You'll go in, check out, key in your number, and then those coupons will be subtracted from your purchases. It is pretty slick. It's kind of like a loyalty card without all the expense. 
Richard Dreiling: Absolutely. So what will happen is we'll begin to be able to link purchases to a phone number or groups of phone numbers and be able to market against those. 
Richard Dreiling: Joe, this is one of the most interesting businesses I have ever dealt with in that the SKU base is so limited and so narrow and so relevant that it pretty much -- it's pretty even just about everywhere, regardless of the demographic. And that's why we've been so successful, with every region in the United States historically trends positive because the model is so basic. 
David Tehle: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Rick covered the highlights of our first quarter sales performance, so I'll share more details on the rest of the results, starting with gross profit. Gross profit increased 5% for the quarter with a 57 basis point decrease in gross profit rate to 30.0% of sales. This decrease was primarily driven by the higher mix of lower-margin consumables, which includes tobacco and perishables. In addition, we incurred higher markdowns primarily due to promotional activities in consumables, which were partially offset by better initial markups.  SG&A expense increased 9% to $978 million or 21.6% of sales, an increase of 37 basis points over the 2013 period. The impact of lower sales growth affected our ability to leverage our fixed costs, with rent and utilities having the most significant impact. Adverse weather also contributed to higher utility cost. As we called out in the fourth quarter, SG&A in 2014 is impacted by the sale-leaseback transaction, adding about 5 basis points in the first quarter. Decreases in workers' compensation and general liability expenses partially offset the overall increase in SG&A as a percentage of sales.  As of May 2, total merchandise inventories were $2.6 billion, up 1% on a per-store basis. Over the last 5 quarters, we've made great progress in managing our inventory growth to be in line with sales growth. We are very pleased with our performance here.  We generated cash from operations of $251 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $84 million, including $27 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $25 million related to new leased stores; $14 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects; $12 million for distribution and transportation; and $6 million for stores we built.  Regarding our share repurchase program, as Rick mentioned, we repurchased 14.1 million shares for $800 million in the first quarter. Since the inception of the share repurchase program in December 2011, we've repurchased 44.5 million shares, with a total return of cash to shareholders of $2.3 billion. We currently have a remaining authorization of $223 million.  Turning now to guidance. At the time of our fourth quarter earnings call in March, we provided a significant amount of detail to help you build your models. Looking forward, we continue to expect top line sales for 2014 to increase 8% to 9%. Overall square footage is expected to grow about 6% to 7%, and same-store sales are expected to increase 3% to 4%. While there may be some puts and takes in our operating performance, we are managing the business for the long-term benefit of the company and its shareholders. We continue to expect diluted earnings per share for the year of $3.45 to $3.55.  We're committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating while managing to a leverage ratio of approximately 3x adjusted debt to EBITDA. This quarter, we temporarily increased our debt levels based on our share repurchases in the quarter. We're anticipating that we will repurchase $1.1 billion of our common stock this fiscal year. This includes the $800 million of share repurchases completed in the first quarter. For the year, we plan to open approximately 700 new stores, and capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $450 million to $500 million.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Rick. 
David Tehle: Yes, this is David. We're not giving long-term guidance at this point. But when we gave our guidance back in March, we felt it was important to point out certain specific items that were hitting the P&L that we believe were more temporary in nature, and you called out some of those. And obviously, we've put them in our press release back in March. So clearly, once you get by those items, you get into a more normalized growth rate if you look at the bottom line of Dollar General. So I think getting by those items is important in terms of understanding our story as we move forward to the future. 
David Tehle: Yes, that's really not a change from the past, Dan. In first quarter -- I mean, in fourth quarter, when we were laying out guidance for the year, we did give some first quarter guidance because there were a lot of ins and outs, and it was very complicated. But if you go back since we went public in 2009, our goal was to give guidance for the full year and try to steer people to that full year guidance and, on a quarterly basis, update the full year guidance. And there may have been select time periods over the last 5 years where we'll comment on a particular quarter. And certainly, as we get through the third quarter and we're talking about the rest of year, there's only one quarter left, so by definition, we're giving quarterly guidance. But in general, we have not given quarterly guidance, and that's not our intent. Again, we'd like to have our investors focus more on the long-term opportunity with Dollar General than the individual quarters. 
David Tehle: Yes, David, we're not giving specific guidance on gross margin, but let me try to help you a little bit with it. And we tried to spell this out in the fourth quarter, when we were talking about the full year and we gave a little more color on some line items. I think we still think that as we get into the back half of the year and we lap tobacco because the rollout last year ended in the June, July time frame, that we should see the comparisons get a little bit easier on the gross margin. To your point, we still haven't reached that in the second quarter, so there still is pressure, more pressure on the margin in the second quarter than what we'll see the back half of the year as we get to the third quarter and the fourth quarter. 
David Tehle: Yes. Again, we're not giving specific guidance on what we're seeing in gross margin. But we do see it getting better than what we saw in the first half of the year, in particular, as we get to third and fourth quarter, better than what we will see in first and second quarter. 
David Tehle: Meredith, this is David. Our target right now today is still to buy back $1.1 billion of stock. And we have said many times that given conditions in the debt and equity markets, we can temporarily change our thoughts on that, change our debt levels. And we did so in Q1, accelerating our purchases due to what we saw in the stock price. And we believe, on a long-term basis, this is very positive for all of our shareholders, particularly our longer-term shareholders. So Rick and I continuously discuss this with our board, but as of right now, the $1.1 billion is kind of where we're locked and loaded on. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think as we look at it, Chuck, and again, we're not giving specific numbers there, but the impact, if you put in the impact of the share buyback and you put it all together, I think the range on the operating profit growth, it's still -- if you look at that, it doesn't change it all that much from what we had said previously in terms of the high end of the guidance there. So it doesn't have a significant impact on that overall. 
David Tehle: Yes, we didn't call it out because it wasn't significant enough to be called out. But it's still a little bit of a headwind for us as we look at shrink and where we'd like to be versus where we had planned it to be, but again, not enough to be called out as it was in some previous quarters overall. We continue to have quite an effort going on in terms of things that we're doing with our defensive merchandising, our corkscrew pegs, our anti-sweep pegs. A lot of new thoughts in terms of additional things we'll be doing, particularly when it comes to DSD and some of the more high-shrink items that we have there. So stay tuned there. So again, still not ready to declare victory there, but making progress. A little bit negative, but not enough to call out like it was in prior quarters. 
David Tehle: Yes. Again, we didn't feel the need to call it out. In the past, it was significant enough that we felt like we needed to call it out. 
