Todd Vasos: Sure, Matt. Thank you for the question. Yes, I'll first start by saying, we've always said here that the health of the consumer, this low-end consumer that we serve the most here at Dollar General, is usually geared and attached to whether they're gainfully employed or not. I'm happy to say that, with the labor market the way it is, that she is gainfully employed, working as many hours as she would like to right now. Matter of fact, we believe that approximately $1.20 increase year-over-year in her wages are in her wallet. So that is a significant amount.  Now to your point, there are some other things, other headwinds here that we watch out for. Obviously, inflation has definitely taken a toll on some of that additional wage growth that she's seen. And then recently, over the last couple of weeks, gas prices are up $0.70 a gallon. So that -- we watch that very carefully.  Now we always also said that once that gas price reaches over $4 a gallon, which it has now, that we normally see the consumers stay closer to home, which bodes very well for that value and convenient message that we have out there for our core consumer and that we deliver every day. That value and convenient message reigns supreme at the end of the day across the company here at Dollar General and with our core customer.  So again, as you think about it, tougher times for the consumer normally means that she needs us more, and we normally start to see a trade-down once that occurs and we'll be watching out for that. Again, that value and convenience really attracts that trade-in, trade-down customer.  As far as the drivers of what we believe. Well, our initiatives, Matt, as you know, have been very, very successful over the last 6 to 7 years here at Dollar General. And they're the cornerstone of why we feel confident in our guide for 2022. Obviously a lot of year ahead of us, but those initiatives are truly the cornerstone of that.  But then when you think again about that value and convenience message we have, if the market gets a little tighter from a labor perspective or inflation continues to pull more money out of the consumer's wallet, we feel that we're very well positioned as we move through '22 as well. 
Todd Vasos: The $1 mix. Yes. But I would tell you that every time we talk to our core customer, she tells us the same thing, how important that $1 is so that she can round out her month. We've always said here, it's an unfortunate situation, but our customer runs out of money before that month runs out. And that $1 bridges that last few days for her, always has, and that continues to do so.  So what we've done is, in light of that information, also with some of the inflationary pressures that we're seeing on other goods, we've actually leaned into our $1 price point. And what you'll see, if you come into our stores over the near term, will be even more displays of $1 items on end caps and off-shelf displays and really pushing that side of the business because I think our customers will need us even more there.  And we believe that over time, we could grow that where appropriate and not even stay at that 20% level. So we feel really good about that $1 price point. And the great thing is our vendor community across the board has leaned into that $1 price point with us as well. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Right now, we haven't seen a lot of trade-down yet. The great thing, though, Simeon, is we actually have a lot of that trade-down already embedded in, and I think there'll be more as inflation comes in. And the reason I say it's embedded in is that we are extremely, extremely confident and glad to see that the gains that we got during COVID, so call it the 2020 gains, we've kept a lot more of those customers than we even thought we would have kept.  And that continues. Actually, we saw a slight acceleration of that as we moved through Q4. So it was great to see. And we know that, based on the credit card data and our marketing against that, a lot of these customers are in that trade-down area that would happen when trade down occurs. So we've got some of it already, and I believe we'll get even more as inflation continues to take hold across the U.S. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So Michael, this is Todd. I would tell you that there's nothing that we see that doesn't suggest that our share gains won't start to come back to historical levels as we move through 2022. There's nothing structural that says that our comps won't get back to a more algorithmic level over time.  And I think you have to look at, we had well oversized gains in 2020. And when you start looking on a 2-year stack basis, we stack up pretty well on a comp to our -- to those other classes of trade and by far out-exceeded our chief competitor in the space. So we feel very good.  And then you've heard John and myself already talk about all these levers that we have. These are not new, right? These are ones that are well established and some newer ones that are already being embedded in our -- inside of our chain, where we can deliver, we believe, comp sales as we continue to move forward. The first quarter is going to be a little challenged, as we've already said. But as we move through the rest of the year, we feel better and better about where that comp is going to be.  And then lastly, I would tell you that, your first part of the question, the competition, I would say it's very much the way it's been. I would tell you, we're on a little over 2 years now of pretty tame promotional environment. Obviously, we've had to take some price as others have done on an everyday basis due to some of the inflationary pressures that have been well documented out there. Matter of fact, our pricing position has never been better. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our indexes are as good if not better than they've ever been.  So we feel great about our everyday price. And promotionally, we don't see anything in the near horizon that would say promotional pricing is going to escalate to any large degree. 
Todd Vasos: Chuck, that's a great question, thanks for it. We believe it had a significant impact in Q4. We called it out in our prepared remarks. And due to many factors, one, obviously, we had some labor challenges in Q3 and Q4, in distribution. We're happy to report that we are now back to pre-pandemic levels on staffing. So we feel good about that. But it constrained our inbound and outbound.  We also, if you recall, Jeff indicated in coming out of Q3, that we prioritized seasonal to ensure that our seasonal goods got on to the shelf. That slowed down our everyday goods onto the shelf and obviously gained more out-of-stocks there.  Now as we move through Q4 and now into Q1, we feel much, much better about where our in-stock levels are. Are we back to historical levels yet? Not quite. But I don't think anybody is. The majority of our opportunities still lie within the vendor community in that the constraints from the vendor community has continued into Q1, not nearly at the levels we saw at the end of last year. But we continue to work with our vendor partners to ship on time and in full. And once we get to that point, which we believe we're working towards pretty quickly here, we'll be in much, much better shape as we move through the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, and thanks for everyone joining the call and for all the questions. And thanks for your interest in Dollar General. I'm proud of this team, which continues to execute at a high level, even in a consistently evolving environment. As you heard today, we're excited about our initiatives and plans for 2022, which we believe positions us well to grow same-store sales, new stores, operating profit margins and market share over time.  Overall, a mature retailer in growth mode, we believe this company is in a very strong position, which I think speaks to our strategy, our resilience and the strength of our culture and our people. As I said earlier, I've never felt better about the underlying business model, and I can't wait to see what 2022 holds for Dollar General.  Thank you for listening, and have a great day. 
John Garratt: Sure. Sure. So a lot of pieces there. I'll try and attack all those as I kind of walk through the puts and takes of gross margins. I'll start by saying we're really pleased with what we've done with gross margin in recent years. As you look at 2021, it's up about 100 basis over 2019 levels.  Now we didn't give specific margin -- gross margin guidance for 2022, but we did mention that Q1 in particular would be pressured as we're lapping a pretty significant expansion last year of 208 basis points that certainly benefited from favorable mix fueled by stimulus. In addition to that tough lap, we have cost inflation continuing in Q1, which is driven by supply chain, fuel and product costs, and to a lesser extent, a return to recent historical rates of markdowns and shrink. Still lower than the pandemic levels, but normalizing a little bit.  So certainly, there's some near-term pressures persisting in Q1 in the first part of the year. But bear in mind, as we move through the year, the lap gets easier in the second half as we're lapping the heavy inflation from this year.  And just as a frame of reference, in Q4, we had about 200 basis points of added pressure to gross margin from the combination of supply chain, which was about $100 million incremental year-over-year impact; and the LIFO provision, which was $72 million. We don't see this as structural. We anticipate some moderation in cost pressures. We're already seeing this in transportation, supply chain, for instance.  Plus, when you look at the benefits of the initiatives and the cost-reduction actions we have in place, we see a growing benefit from that. For instance, if you look at private fleet, we mentioned we're going to double that in size from the end of 2021 to the end of 2022. That drives, as Jeff mentioned, about 20% savings each time we switch from a third-party carrier to in-house. And of course, we have the growing benefit of the initiatives that Todd mentioned, which not only helped the top line but the bottom line when you think of DG Fresh, NCI and pOpshelf.  And there's still -- to your other question, there's still a lot of runway there. As we continue to optimize DG Fresh, get the leverage from that now that we can negotiate directly on that and we're top 3 vendors -- or customers, in many cases. NCI, we'll continue the rollout of that and virtually complete that this year. And then you have the growing benefit of pOpshelf, which we mentioned comes out of the ground with margins north of 40% and should only grow from there as we get scale. And we've talked about all the other levers we have. And then not to mention just our ability to leverage our scale as a limited SKU operator.  So we've contemplated all this in the EPS guidance, which we feel very good about. While there's some near-term pressures, especially in the early part of the year, we feel great about the initiatives, the other levers we have. And we still believe we can expand gross margin over the long term. 
John Garratt: Sure. I would say, as you think about the 10% plus model, every element of that is very well intact. Starting at the top, we've never had a bigger pipeline of new unit growth with the -- for everybody in discount retail, about 17,000 potential opportunities there, not to mention Mexico.  We're still seeing the same rate unit level economics on the top line, the bottom line and the returns. A ton of initiatives in place to drive sales, as well as we're seeing an outsized bigger impact from real estate. Not only we're seeing a 15% increase in sales per square foot productivity in the bigger box stores, but as we've mentioned, we're accelerating the number of new stores we're putting out there, and again, seeing really good impact on comp sales from the initiatives.  And as you look at margin overall, operating margin overall, a lot of levers, as I just mentioned on Matt's question, with gross margin, SG&A. We stay laser-focused on that. We mentioned in the prepared comments, our Save to Serve program is alive and well. And since 2015, we've saved over $800 million from that.  And so as you look at all the pieces, each year might be a little bit different. But I think that's the way to think about that, is the unit growth we've talked about, we feel very good about and are accelerating that a bit. We're seeing -- we've talked before about the impact of real estate, 150 to 200 basis points. And we're seeing the benefit at the high end of that. And then you have the initiatives on top of that and all the levers.  So feel very good about our ability to drive 10% growth over the long term. And I think directionally, you're thinking about it right in terms of ongoing top line strength in that 2% to 4% comp range; and the ability over time, we believe, to hold, and in cases, expand our EBIT margins. 
John Garratt: Sure. As you think about the non-consumable sales and discretionary sales, what we have contemplated in our guidance is some moderation of that. We still continue to feel great about that side of the business, the growing benefit of the non-consumable initiative as well as the scaling of pOpshelf. But what we have contemplated, given the backdrop from a macro perspective, is somewhat of a moderation of mix back toward consumables, but not going back to where they were. So holding on to a lot of the strength in that business and the mix benefit from that, but some moderation. 
John Garratt: Yes. I think you're thinking about it the right way. As we see our comp growth accelerating, as we move sequentially from quarter-to-quarter throughout the year, and we feel great about -- we've said before, this model works very well at 2% to 4% comp. And we feel very good about the 2.5% comp guide, which would imply a pretty healthy 3-year stack with that.  As you look at the building blocks of that, what we're seeing right now is we're retaining -- we're exceeding our expectations in terms of what we've done in terms of retaining the new customers, holding on to those bigger basket sizes. We're seeing a bigger impact from real estate, at the high end of that 150 to 200 basis points we've talked about. And as we mentioned, seeing a growing impact from our initiatives as they scale.  And the other thing to point out is we're improving our in-stocks. As we improve our in-stocks, that's driving sales as well. Todd mentioned that we're closely watching the consumer. But history tells us that we do very well in all cycles of the economy. And if the consumer is pressured as they are increasingly with inflation, what we've seen is that customer more productive. With high fuel prices, we've seen them shop, as we mentioned, closer to home. And we've seen trade in, all of which benefit us.  So when you put all these pieces together, we feel great about the fundamentals of the business. And we think we're very well positioned, for this backdrop, to deliver that comp we've guided to. And we're going to go after more. 
John Garratt: No, great question. There's 2 pieces of that. And we have been, for the last few years, a little above 3%, but rounding down to 3%. This year, we're rounding up to 4%. And there's really 2 things I'd point to there.  One is we've stepped up our real estate. We're accelerating our new unit growth, which obviously delivers great returns, and it helps the bottom line, but does add a little bit of CapEx. That impact is outsized this year really due to inflation, steel inflation. It's up substantially, still getting great returns even with that steel inflation factored in, still getting the same returns. We've talked about that 20% to 22% after-tax IRR. But that really is the nearer-term pressure, the commodity pressure from fixtures, HVACs, things like that as we do these projects. That we see that coming back down over time.  If you exclude the impact of that near-term inflation, that puts us back to a point where we're back to close to where we were, rounding down to 3%. So we don't see something structurally different here other than we have stepped up our real estate, which is a great decision, which we're pleased with. But it's really the difference in the short term, is that commodity inflation. 
John Garratt: Yes. Look, I'll answer your question. If I don't, let me know. But what I would start with saying is that we continue to see the initiatives contributing to operating margin at or above what we expected. They're delivering across the board. But there are some near-term pressures. We talked about the puts and takes of gross margin. And we -- as you look at the gross margin, the biggest piece of that being inflation. Much of which we don't believe is structural. And we see signs of that easing, and certainly taking actions to make sure that eases.  When you look at the SG&A side of that, there, too, we don't see a structural change there. We've talked about some geography as we spend a little bit of SG&A to save more gross margin. Again, those initiatives are delivering at or above what we expected. Throws off the geography a little bit.  The other thing we have talked about is we did see some wage inflation above norm. We've said in the past that our wage inflation was running about 3% to 4% pre-pandemic. It was higher this year. As we look ahead to next year, we expect it to be a little bit higher than that 3% to 4%, but lower than what we saw in 2021. And we're already seeing moderation there. And we're in a great spot in terms of staffing levels.  So as I look at our EBIT, I don't see anything structurally changing there. And as I mentioned to Karen, you see the ability for us over the long term to modestly increase that over time while driving the top line, too. And so feel very good about the algorithm and our ability to manage all the levers within gross margin and SG&A. Hopefully, that answers your question. 
John Garratt: Yes. We've seen a modest decrease as we moved through the year. It peaked middle of the year around May. We've seen it come down a little bit as some of the states rolled off the emergency allotments. But with the Thrifty benefits -- Thrifty Food Plan benefit still in place, it's remained elevated. So if you look at Q4 this year versus Q4 last, still well above where it had been, just not quite where it was at the peak in May.  As we move into next year, we're anticipating it to continue to moderate somewhat. However, that may be tapered just based on the cadence of when states roll off of that. So as we look ahead to next year, what we're assuming is that it's down from -- the benefit isn't as much as it was this year, but still elevated to pre-pandemic levels. And again, we've been taking share over a long time with the SNAP customers as we serve them so well, and you'll continue to see that as a key part of our business. 
