Todd Vasos: Thank you, Mary Winn, and welcome to everyone joining our call. Before we begin our prepared remarks, our thoughts are with our employees, customers and the local communities impacted by the devastating damage caused by Hurricane Harvey and the record flooding across the region. Our primary concern continues to be the safety of our teams and helping our team members that have been displaced. Across Dollar General, it has been heartwarming to see the outpouring of support for the Gulf Coast region from our store support center, store operations and distribution and transportation networks. Turning now to our results. I'm pleased with the strong same-store sales growth during the second quarter, which was driven by both customer basket and positive traffic. As we shared with you last quarter, we anticipated that our traffic would be positive for the second quarter. Our team's execution was strong and I anticipate we will be able to capitalize on the momentum in the business. In today's dynamic retail and consumer landscape, we continue to make targeted investments in our business to support our focused strategic and operating initiatives. We believe these investments will contribute to sustainable improvements over time. As we have shared with you over the last several quarters, we continue to believe that the sales impact of certain headwinds we have been confronting are transitory such as average unit price deflation and customer behavior that we believe to be associated with changes to the federal SNAP benefits program. Although these macroeconomic headwinds continue to impact our same-store sales performance in the quarter, we believe that macroeconomic factors as a whole have less of an impact on our same-store sales than in recent quarters. Given the improved performance in our mature store base during the quarter, we are -- we also believe that our traffic-driving merchandising and store operation initiatives are beginning to take hold. Highlights for the second quarter of 2017 include net sales increased 8.1% to $5.8 billion and same-store sales grew 2.6% as compared to the prior year second quarter. Same-store sales growth was positive for both consumables and combined non-consumable categories, with stronger growth in consumables. Net income was $295 million. Diluted earnings per share of $1.08 included an approximate $0.02 per share charge associated with acquired stores primarily for lease termination costs. Year-to-date through the 2017 second quarter, we have returned over $306 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 2.3 million shares of common stock and the payment of quarterly dividends. During the quarter, we closed on the previously announced purchase from a small-box multi-price point retailer that resulted in approximately 285 net new sites located across 35 states. Also, we have strengthened the management team with the addition of Jason Reiser as our EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer; and Carman Wenkoff as our EVP and Chief Information Officer. I believe both of these innovative and seasoned executives will help us execute our strategic vision and capture future growth opportunities. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John to go through more details of the quarter and our outlook. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The markdowns, John, they were a combination of a few things. Obviously, we had some markdowns as we continue to be very aggressive in our ability to deliver price to the consumer. And that was our biggest source of markdown, so both promotionally and everyday price-wise. As I said, we're committed to driving traffic in the store and delivering that everyday low price our consumers know and trust from us. There was some other markdowns on some of the seasonal and non-consumable categories, but overall, they were much smaller in nature than the overall promotional activity to drive that top line. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We engage with our customers all the time, John, to understand where she's at in any given piece of her shopping business, including the digital side and where she's at. I can tell you today that while she is on a digital journey, she is definitely lagging somewhat behind where the total U.S. population is. I would never say never on any of those points that you bring up, but I can tell you that we're squarely focused on driving our customers into our 14,000 locations through any means that she wants to engage with us to include digital. We're up to nearly 10 million subscribers now on our digital coupon platform, which is growing each and every week, and that is a great source for her as she gets on our Dollar General app to understand what we offer her long-term. Now stay tuned. As I mentioned on our last call, one of our strategic initiatives that we launched earlier this year is around digital and how digital will play with our Dollar General consumer as we go forward. So longer term, it is an initiative, but we'll have some milestones we'll be able to share with you as more comes available, John. 
Todd Vasos: Chuck, first of all, when you take a look, we are very pleased with those traffic numbers turning positive and actually gaining strength as we move through the quarter. The great thing that we've seen is that, in the quarter, all of our periods were positive and it shaped up very nicely as we expected it would. And as we look geographically, I tell you, it was very, very balanced throughout the country. And obviously we're experiencing a little bit of turmoil right now. My heart goes out to those folks down in the Gulf Coast region because they're suffering through a real tough time. The great thing is that we've got some fabulous people down in that area that are really taking care of our customers. We've had upwards of 300 stores closed at any given time. We have -- we're down to probably 100 or less at this point. And I could tell you our teams are working diligently to be able to service that customer down there. But more to come. Things are pretty fluid still down there so we're not able yet to get to a few of our stores just because of the floodwaters and the blockage down there. 
Todd Vasos: As you know, we only have -- we actually have 3 open now. We opened our third one just recently in Philadelphia. And we're happy with the progress that we've seen there. So obviously, with only 3 stores, it really doesn't have a material impact on the total with 14,000, but the great thing about that format is it allows us to get into highly dense areas, vertical living type areas where, in the past, we have not been able to go into. And many of those areas, as you know, houses a lot of that millennial customer that will continue to be a great source of revenue for us and others as they continue to mature in their age curve. So we're pretty happy so far, but again, with only 3, we're just cautiously optimistic about what that could do, but we're also learning at the same time. And I'm sure what the box looks like today will change over time as we learn more and more what the customer wants out of that format. 
Todd Vasos: Vinnie, when we take a look at the quarter, the consumer, it was behaving about where we thought that she was at in her economic cycle, and that is she is feeling a little bit better. But always keep in mind, this consumer is always stretched because of her economic condition as well as the expenses that she has in front of her. In saying that, I think the company did a great job, our merchants, our operators, in delivering a real good product to that consumer. Our consumable business definitely outpaced our non-consumable business, but it was very good to see both were positive, albeit consumables being a little bit more positive. So as you look at that basket, there was more consumables in that basket than non. The great thing I believe that we have to look forward to as I look to the back half of the year and I look at what we have for fourth quarter and Christmas holiday selling season, we have a great lineup ahead of us. And we're fairly bullish on what that should return as far as what the consumer will gravitate to. The product looks great. It's great value. And with our 14,000 store convenient locations, I believe that we're set up pretty well for the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Sure, Vinnie. I would tell you that we're very happy with all the different formats and we are seeing a very consistent return based on each and every format that we have. In saying that, the small format continues to do very well to your point. It's a great format to have in the arsenal, both for very rural crossroad-type areas in rural locations and then in more of our metro and satellite city areas. It gives us the flexibility and opportunity to get into some of those. I still have to say though that our workhorse, our 7,200 to 7,400 square foot sales floor box is definitely the most productive. And you'll see the majority of our stores in the near future still built under that format, but we'll be opportunistic in using the other formats where that 7,200 or the 7,400 square foot store may just -- may not fit just right in there. We just won't turn down a site that we believe is very good over the long-term just because it doesn't fit into one prototype or the other. We'll make sure that we're able to get into those with our great array of formats that we have available today. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. As I'd consistently talked about, and not just I, but many years in the past, it is our intent here at the Dollar General to drive units through this -- our boxes here at Dollar General and delivering that value to the consumer. And we did exactly what we said we were going to do and we did that and invested in some price to do that through promotional price as well as some of the everyday low prices. I can tell you though that most of it is done through everyday low price. And as you look at our pricing position today, we are as good, if not better, than any point in time in the 9 years that I've been here across all geographic regions which we do business in as well as against any class of trade. So I think we're in a great, great position as we go forward to be able to attract the consumer into a -- in a Dollar General. And if you take a look at our share as well overall, our share is as strong as it's been in many years and growing and gaining traction as we move through the quarter. So our prices and where we are today is definitely resonating with our consumer. And we feel that, right now, we're in a real great position to offer her that convenience and that value as we move through the back half. 
Todd Vasos: Again, we're very competitively priced today. I would tell you, as we look out, that we're well-priced today and I don't see us having to do anything that's very dramatic. But the great thing that I believe that we have here is the ability to continue to get our margins in other areas such as global sourcing, such as our private brands, such as our areas of transportation and distribution. We've got some real opportunities in that. And as I mentioned earlier, we're very bullish on what we see coming in the fourth quarter with our non-consumable sales and our business there with the lineup that we have coming into the fourth quarter. So we see opportunities to grow margin over time and we don't believe that we're in any long-term strong investment periods. We just don't see that as we go forward right now. 
Todd Vasos: As we look out, we obviously monitor price across all geographic regions that we do business in. And again, I would say that we are as good a price, if not better, than we've been in many years, including the 9 years that I've been here. And as we look at that, we did not have to take any large price decreases to get there. So they were very modest in nature. I think they were very well-balanced, but they were definitely targeted in areas of our consumable businesses to drive traffic and to give the consumer that value that she knows and trusts from Dollar General. I think that's the way to look at it and it's probably the way to look at it as we go through the back half of this year. 
Todd Vasos: We really didn't pull any markdowns forward. But in saying that, I would tell you that we have gross margin opportunities ahead of us that we'll hopefully start to see some moderation of the year-over-year declines as we move through the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We are very happy with our new stores as well as our remodel and relocation program. As it relates to the remodels, we are right on track to where we thought we would be on the remodels, both the number of remodels as well as the returns that we expected to see. The great thing about the 300 that we called out, which we've done just over 185 or so of them to-date with about 1/3 of them with the produce, they are producing 3 to 4x what a normal remodel produces. So we're very excited about that. And we believe that it has broader application across many of our areas where we'll need to remodel stores over the next few years. So we believe that, overall, this could be a real win for Dollar General and for our consumers because what it does is it offers our consumers items such as produce, expanded fresh, frozen and dairy type products as well as expanded areas of dry grocery as well as some of our non-consumable areas. So when you look at the complete package of these remodels, we feel very comfortable and confident that we have a blueprint to go forward with into next year. 
Todd Vasos: Paul, I think the thing to point to here is we feel very good about our initiative both on the short-term and long-term initiatives that we have moving through. And our short-term ones are really starting to just take hold now and are really starting to benefit the comp. So whether it's the health and beauty initiative, whether it's the cooler expansion initiative and we have a plethora of other ones through due course of business, I would tell you that we feel good about where we're headed on the comp side. But keep in mind, there's still half a year to go still. And being the fourth quarter our largest sales quarter, we thought it prudent to sit back and at least let everyone know we anticipate being at the top end of the guidance range for sales. And I think that's a good place to pinpoint right now. If that changes as we move out of the third quarter, we'll definitely make sure everyone understands where we are coming out of Q3 and into Q4. 
Todd Vasos: I think the way to look at it is 2 different ways. One, the lap did get a little easier because some of the transitory issues that we brought out last year in unit price deflation as well as the SNAP benefit reductions that took place started to moderate in Q2 and will continue to moderate as we move through the back half of the year. The other piece though, I think, to really think about is our initiatives and how well they're performing and taking hold. That was a big piece of our comp driver in the quarter and a lot of those initiatives were centered around our consumable areas. Remember, health and beauty, for us, falls in our consumable numbers and are reported through that as well as our cooler expansions are in there. So we've got a lot of initiatives centered around consumables, not only just the food side, but health and beauty and other areas. So I believe that's the way to look at it and also the way to look at it as we move through the back half of the year. 
John Garratt: Yes. So as we've said, we're very focused on driving traffic and pleased with the results that we got there. As we look long-term, we continue to see opportunities to increase margins or strategically invest back as needed to drive traffic and grow sales. We're not commenting specifically on the mix between gross margin and SG&A, but rest assured we're going to be focused on all the levers within both to deliver that. We continue to see opportunity to improve shrink, pleased with 3 straight quarters of improvement there. The team continues to do a very good job of category management while making sure we have what the customer wants. We continue to see opportunity over time to increase sales of private label, direct foreign sourcing and continue to drive efficiencies on supply chain. So we see an opportunity to enhance gross margin over time, but we're going to do what's right for the business for the long term and making sure we drive that traffic. 
John Garratt: So a couple of pieces there. In terms of the impact of Dollar Express on Q2, as we hadn't opened these stores yet during that period, we had no revenue, but did have costs associated with that. We had called that out as $0.02 in total. And if you look at the SG&A line, if not for -- the reason we deleveraged on SG&A was really a function of that coupled with the investment we've made earlier this year in store manager pay. Now we're opening these stores. As we get into the back half of the year, we'll have revenue associated with that. We're very excited about these units. They're highly complementary. They're in places that we wanted to go. We feel very confident in our ability to open these and deliver great results with these. And as we've said before, it would be modestly accretive to the year just given the back-loaded nature of getting these stores opened and the front-end costs associated with that. 
John Garratt: Yes. So I would say, as with real estate, we're disciplined in all capital and we look at everything through the lens of does it touch the customer, does it align with our strategic priorities, does it put the business at risk? And if it doesn't, we don't spend that money. We have teams dedicated at both the expense and capital side, removing all those costs to make sure that we're tight on that. And the way we look at it, everything has to have a return here. And referring back to the new stores, I should have mentioned earlier, we're continuing to see productivity in that 80% to 85% range. So we're seeing great returns. It's still north of 20%. And we target 18%, 20%, still at that 20% range. So we're getting great returns there and feel very good about the targeted investments. I think the other thing I'd stress is the investments we've made have been very targeted. And we're pleased with the results we're seeing there, whether it be the store manager compensation where we see a return there and are pleased with what we're seeing there, whether it be what we've done to drive traffic and pleased with the results we've seen in traffic, whether it be the investment in new stores or acquired stores where we see the same compelling returns and great unit level economics. 
John Garratt: Yes. We still see opportunity managing all the levers within gross margin and SG&A to enhance our operating margins over time. At times like this year, we will make investments, but we see opportunity to enhance that over time given all the levers we have and the team's track record of working these levers very effectively. 
John Garratt: Sure. So starting with in terms of the investments, what I would say is that the investments we made this year, we don't see anything on the horizon this time of that magnitude. We felt these were the right investments for the long term of the business. As we look out, we don't see any of that magnitude. In terms of the store openings, we continue to see great results there. As I mentioned, we continue to see the stores performing right around that 100% comparison pro forma within the 80% to 85% productivity, returns of 20%, a short payback and haven't seen -- cannibalization continues to be consistent with what -- where we've been and what we expect. We're seeing great results there. Yes, we made these investments with the long term in mind and are seeing great results from that and are pleased with results. But we feel very confident in the long-term growth of the business and the strength of the business unit, the business fundamentals and what we're seeing and the cash we're generating, too, from these stores. So feel very good about that. If you look at the guidance, yes, we thought, as we look halfway through the year and the back half expectations, that it was appropriate to point toward the high end, the upper end of the comp range and appropriate to narrow the range of EPS. In terms of the cadence, I think the thing we try to stress here is that, yes, the -- from a performance standpoint, the lap is more challenging in Q4 than Q3. And in Q4, you have that 53rd week. So as we look at the cadence between the 2, we'd look for a much stronger Q3 compared to Q4. I think that's something to consider as you model out the back half. 
John Garratt: Yes. So I think if you just look at this quarter, as I've mentioned, the reason we didn't lever was because of those 2 items, those 2 investments. So if you think of it that way, you're coming in at 2.6% comp. We've set our goal with 2.5% to 3%, and you're right there. So I think that's the way to look at it. Last year, we were able to leverage at a lower point. The team really was able to flex down a difficult environment. But we want to have that right balance when needed pulling back, but making investments as needed for the long-term as well. So I still think that 2.5% to 3% over time is the right way to look at it. And again, if not for those 2 items, we would have been there. 
John Garratt: I think that's a fair statement. As you look to the third quarter, it's a fair statement to expect an improvement there and that's what we're expecting. And you're right. I think with the investments we made last year, we're in a good spot and will meet year-over-year at that level. So we should see an improvement. 
John Garratt: Yes. So I would say your numbers are a little low. And for that reason, if you add up those 2 numbers, that would have gotten us to a point where we didn't delever. So you are in the ballpark, but a little low there. And again, these are onetime items that we wouldn't see as we go forward next year. 
