Todd Vasos: Thanks, John. In summary, 2015 was a great year for Dollar General. We were able to deliver record financial performance, while positioning the company to capture accelerated square footage growth. We continue to have significant opportunities for high-return, low-risk organic growth. I look forward to sharing more details about our long-term strategies at our Investor Day scheduled for March 24, here in Nashville, where we plan to further discuss our growth drivers for the long term. Our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value is unchanged. Our business generates significant cash flow, and we are in a position to invest in store growth, while continuing to return cash to shareholders through consistent share repurchases and dividends. I would like to thank the more than 113,000 Dollar General employees for all their hard work during the fourth quarter and fiscal 2015, all while fulfilling our mission of serving others. As a team, we are looking forward to 2016 as we build on our performance from 2015. With that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions. 
Todd Vasos: Matt, this is Todd. So just real quick. I think the way to look at this is a couple of things. Number one, we are very confident in our real estate model as we go forward. Matter of fact, our returns are still some of the highest that I've seen at consumable retail at 18% to 20% and still running there. We don't see that changing in the near term at all. Matter of fact, I believe you hit on it. Some of the newer opportunities that have been unlocked in metro and in smaller rural areas with smaller household counts, because of our new smaller store, it gives us the confidence as we go forward that we can actually expand that -- that square footage growth if we think we need to as we go forward. So not only are we confident about where we've been, but where we're going with new store growth. 
Todd Vasos: No, we don't see anything structurally changing, Matthew. And as you alluded to, we really look to manage our gross margin and SG&A in tandem. And we continue to have numerous levers within gross margin. We were delighted with the performance this year on gross margin delivering our fourth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion. And we continue to see benefits from the numerous levers. We continue to drive shrink rates lower over the quarter. We continued to see transportation efficiencies. We continue to grow our non-consumables business, 8 quarters of consecutive improvement, which, as you know, carries a higher margin rate with it. And we continue to effectively manage all the additional levers of category management, private label penetration, foreign sourcing penetration and distribution efficiencies. And we continue to see opportunities for growth on the gross margin side and on the SG&A side, with the introduction of zero-based budgeting, we've always had a very disciplined cost management process here with work elimination, but with zero-based budgeting implemented from a position of strength, that's one more tool at our disposal to manage that. So as we look at the 2 in tandem, we continue to see operating profit margin expansion growth over time. That's contemplated in our model. And as you look at the opportunity to drive total shareholder returns of 11% to 17% each year and the potential -- and we're really focused on the long-term growth as well. So the ability to drive those types of returns in a consistent manner and deliver long-term value creation is really what we're focused on and what we've built into the model. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. The 30, obviously, are dispersed in many different locations because we wanted to make sure we tested it in a lot of different urban settings. But, I think, the key here is it is in urban areas. So not satellite city as much as true urban-type areas, where dense populations, condominium-type living, those type areas. And that's where we've tried to test this, and we've seen that success. And again, what this also unlocks for us is it unlocks some real estate for us because again the 7,400 square foot box, while very, very productive, it's a little tougher in metro -- true metro areas to get that size of a location. And this gives us the flexibility to also get into some smaller spaces in some of those densely populated areas. So it's really been a win-win on both sides, both from our sales and productivity and as well as from our real estate side. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, the 7,400 square foot store is still going to be our workhorse. I want to make sure you realize that. That is still the most productive box that we put out there, and will continue to be. So I would think it would be fair to say that, that proportion is probably pretty close over the next couple of years to where it's at today. And if that changes, we'll definitely let everyone know. 
Todd Vasos: Well, Vinny, you know that -- shrink at retail for sure is always a challenge and a battle, right? It never ends. But I have to tell you that our team, both on the operational side of the equation and on the merchandising side of the equation, are very focused on working together to make that box not only productive from a sales standpoint but also to make sure that we have as much defensive merchandising tools in place that we can have, not only the -- some of the cabinets that we put in, but also where we place product. And as we go into 2016 and beyond, what you're going to see from us is more of an opportunity to in high, high shrink stores to take our merchandising mix and maybe change it a little bit, especially, as it relates to where you place product in these higher shrink stores to ensure that we can continue to show some type of shrink progress. But again, make no mistake, it's always going to be a challenge, and we continue to work it from all sides. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We are monitoring, and we always have our wages, both from our hourly rates as well as our store managers. And while we remain very committed to ensure that we pay competitive rates out there, and we'll continue to do that, but I have to tell you, what we have seen as we exited 2015 and now entering 2016, our critical staffing at the hourly level is at the highest levels that we've seen in a couple of years. And that's very good because what that shows is that our pool of candidates coming in are very, very robust. So while we'll always monitor it and we will definitely pay competitive wages, which we have, and will continue to do so, we haven't seen the overwhelming pressure as of yet that some have been talking about. But at the end of the day, for our hourly folks, the great thing about it is that they can quickly move up from being an hourly associate to being a key carrier and even an assistant manager in very short order. And we like to say here and when we recruit people that we can actually take someone from a job to a career in less than a couple of years. And you don't really find that very often, especially in consumable retailing. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, we have, Meredith, and we have done that over the years. I think what we have said in the past that about every 1,000 to 1,100 stores, give or take, we would need to open in a DC, but we've seen that grow over the last few years, maybe now 1,200 stores, 1,250. So the productivity inside that four-wall continues to improve. And so we see that probably it's going to average out to almost one a year based on our current square footage growth. But again, that's because of that probably closer 1,200 to 1,250 stores. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Meredith, we are watching that. And we, as you know, and you mentioned earlier, SNAP for us is approximately 5% of our sales. So it really has -- it's not a huge piece of the business, but yet, our core consumer does rely on SNAP benefits in a lot of cases. But in saying that, the great thing here about Dollar General, and we'll continue to monitor it, is that we offer her a great value proposition at the price. So whether she's pinched a little bit with SNAP or not, she can definitely come here to Dollar General and get all her needs. And we'll continue to deliver on that promise to her because she actually comes to us to make sure we can deliver on it. 
Todd Vasos: Absolutely. We think that we're in pretty good shape right now. And if we need to add an item or 2, a couple of lines, then we'll -- we're very willing to do that. As you know, we've got our Plus store and our Market stores out there, and they're a great test bed for all of that. And so we know exactly what sells in there. And if we need to add some things into our traditional stores, we'll add the best items based on those sales that we already know in our existing stores. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. Our core consumer continues to tell us that one of the main drivers for a trip to Dollar General is the frozen and refrigerated offerings that we have. So what we have planned for 2016 is in all of our new remodel and relocation stores taking our cooler count from about 16 doors up to 20 to 22 doors. Along with that, we have put together a very strong backward-compatible program to add additional coolers into our existing same-store base. Now it won't be all of our stores right away, but we see this as probably a 2- to 3-year horizon as we go back to add more coolers to our existing base, all while adding up to 22 doors in all of our new stores. So it's really a combination of both refrigerated and frozen offerings that we can put forth to our consumer. 
Todd Vasos: I think as you look at this, first of all, I want to say our merchandise initiatives should gain traction as it goes through the year. The laps were a little tougher in the beginning of the year and get little easier towards the back. But make no bones about it, our initiatives that we've got this year are the strongest that I've seen here in the last 2 to 3 years. Not only the perishable that I just talked about, but as I talked about in my prepared remarks, our health and beauty initiative as well as our party and stationery pieces really should help drive some of those initiatives as we go forward. You couple that with the work that our operators are doing on on-shelf availability and making product available when the consumer comes in the door at a very high rate, we think that guiding in where we did makes a lot of sense. But we feel very confident as we go forward this year into 2016 where that comp is headed. 
Todd Vasos: Well, anytime you have a competitor that leaves the space, you do get some benefit. The one thing that we're squarely focused on is making sure that any dislocation that happens from those closings, that as they come into Dollar General, we have got a superior box to offer her the right products at the right price and have it available when she needs it. So we're working real hard on that. But keep in mind, it's only about 100 stores, plus or minus, that they've closed. And with our vast, now 12,000, almost 500 stores, it is a smaller number on our total store base. But we are really looking to control what we can control, and that is if she comes in, we've got an offering that we hope that will keep her for life. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, and Paul, that is the real piece there, and that is the value valley area. In our new remodels and relocations, we have got a new fresh approach there, expanded the section, but also moved it to the front of the store, so it's more prevalent and can be seen a lot more. And also signed it a little differently for the stores. And then what we'll do is some of the best of the best of that expansion, we'll start to put it into our same-store sales base as we move further into the year to ensure that we can take advantage on a same-store sales base as well. They key for our value offering that we have is it really -- what it does, it gives the consumer trial. You have to remember, our core consumer can ill afford to make a mistake. So she can't afford to take a flyer, if you will, to go out and buy something at -- on a national brand basis that may be a little larger size without ever having tried it. But if we can offer her a national brand offering, as an example, at a very small size that she can afford, say, at $1, it gives her that trial. And once she has that trial, what we've seen is it becomes then -- it migrates into acceptance, and she moves from that $1 offering and actually trades up to the larger sizes. So our national brand folks really like what they're seeing there, and of course, we do as well, and it's great for our consumer. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, again, it's more than apparel, Dan, as you can imagine. But apparel does get pulled down somewhat in this model. But to answer your question, we consistently and constantly look at every year going in with our robust category management system, what areas we need to contract and what areas we need to continue to expand on. And the great thing about apparel, at least in the last couple of years, is we've seen some nice growth in apparel. Now obviously, we had a little bit of a weather hiccup here in Q4, but we don't see our apparel business slowing down as we go into 2016. Matter of fact, we're pretty bullish on apparel. Cindy Long, her team have done a really nice job in giving us some very competitive offering there. But again, we'll continue to monitor all categories, and if we feel we need to contract at times and expand in others, we'll definitely do so. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I think you've hit on a couple of things, Dan, is that expenses are a little higher there because of that urban nature. But again, because of that 6,000 square foot box, we can keep that also from getting too far out of bounds because, again, trying to manage 6,000 square feet versus the 7,400 square foot workhorse that we have is a little less complex. Then you couple that with the changing of the mix, and depending on the area that we put these stores, the consumable mix does increase a little bit, which does put a little pressure on gross margin rate. But again, when you look at overall return, because of the smaller box, it costs less to get into it, it costs less -- or it doesn't cost as much to operate it from a lot of different areas, and then, couple that with some good sales and sales per square foot, which is higher than our normal box, then the whole equation works pretty nicely. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I don't know if we really have talked about that, but I could tell you that it's going to be a nice balance because what we want to do is really look at how it works in -- of the 30 that we have open, I can tell you that we've got a few open in the rural markets and we've got the majority of them right now opened up in the metro markets. And so that balance is probably going to still be heavily weighted right now to metro. But as we go forward, we're seeing some real opportunities in the rural markets with those lower households. And again, that's why we're guiding long-term upwards of 8% square footage growth because there could be some real benefit as we go out in outer years. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, as we look at health and beauty, it is one of our categories that we're the least penetrated in today. And with that said, there is really a lot of opportunity. And again because of our convenient nature, our consumers are asking us for more and more of our health and beauty offering. Now in saying that, as we look at our new stores where a lot of the health and beauty initiatives will be put into place, the new store design opened up some opportunity for us in that we didn't have to take out a lot of product to be able to put some of that health and beauty initiative in. It's somewhere in that 6- to 8-plus feet. It depends on the store. It could go upwards of 16 feet in some areas. But what we're doing is we're not -- this isn't a one size fits all either. We're taking a look at shrink, we're taking a look at where the stores are located. And the other nice thing about this is it has a healthy balance of private brands. And as we all know, private brands, very good profitability, but also doesn't shrink near as much as your national brands. So I think when you couple all that together, I think this should be a real win for our consumers at Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, we've been pleasantly surprised. My goodness, we are up to now over 2.5 million subscribers, if you will, users. And we continue to see sign-ups very robust. The great thing that we're seeing here is that the basket size is significantly larger than our normal basket size without using digital coupons. And the other thing that our marketeers, along with our IT department, have recently done has made sign-up at the store very, very, very easy. Matter of fact, we went from -- to over 3 to 4 minutes to sign-up to now we can sign-up in a minute or less. And that has really helped propel the sign-ups at store level. So we're very bullish on what that will bring us into 2016 and beyond. And you have to remember, some of this newfound money that our consumer has gotten over the last year to 1.5 years between going back to work and less gas -- and the gas prices being a little lower, she's reinvested some of that findings for her into smartphones. And we have seen that our smartphone usage from our core consumer has gone up a lot. Matter of fact, it has now -- has crested over 85%, where just a few short years ago, we were in the 40-some percent range on usage. So you couple all that, she is now ready to really go digital. And we're on the forefront of that for her. 
John Garratt: Yes, our strategy's really unchanged there. We're predominantly leased, we're less than 5% owned. And so that will continue to be our vehicle is the build-to-suit lease store. No change there. 
John Garratt: Well, I can say that the zero-based budgeting has really been embraced by the team here. It's an extension of our culture where we've always had a robust budgeting process and cost discipline. But by undertaking this from a position of strength, it really enables us to go deeper and to uncover additional savings opportunities that we're able to capture in our bottoms-up budget. And again, as we went through this, and because we did it from a position of strength, we're really able to go through it with a filter that Todd mentioned of moving out those costs that didn't touch the customer, that weren't aligned with our strategic priorities, that didn't present risk and allowing us to put it in the most productive places. And the team has really rallied upon that. It's really changed the mindset in terms of how we look at the business and people apply this filter in everything we do. And we're delighted with having actions in place coming into this year, built into the budget that allows us to move that leverage point from 3.5% to 2.5% to 3%, while allowing for some targeted reinvestments in the business to keep that consistent growth going. We think that's a good place to be. We see our ability to continue that. And the team is very hard at work, working on the future pipeline of savings projects to keep that leverage point low, and we'll get it as low as we can. 
John Garratt: Yes, and again, I think the best way to look at it is in terms of looking at operating margin, looking at gross margin and SG&A in tandem, as that's the way we manage it, managing all the levers within that. But I think the best thing I can point you to is again our annual target of the operating profit growth. We're going to work both those levers to deliver that operating profit growth, and we feel comfortable with where we sit right now with the continued opportunities around gross margin with where we've lowered the leverage point on SG&A to deliver that operating profit growth, which is a very strong operating profit growth this year and in the foreseeable future. 
