Todd Vasos: Sure, Matt. Thanks for the question. We're pretty pleased with what we've seen in our short run here on getting back to the basics. You can see it in our comps in Q4, you can see it in our traffic numbers and we can see it in our customer data as well. So all good signs that we're on track to where we want to get to, to get back to the basics here at Dollar General. In saying that, you saw the comp guide for Q1 at 1.5% to 2%. Obviously, that is a more robust comp than we've seen here for a better part of the year. And I think that really goes to the -- to a couple of things. One is our commitment and -- as well as our confidence in the Back to Basics work that's being done. Let me just quickly recap a couple of those so that you all can have confidence as I do and the team does here on why we believe. One is, we have done a lot of work in ensuring we've got the right amount of labor inside of our stores, $150 million in labor investments in 2023. I think most notably here as well is in Q4, the reallocation of that labor to areas that mean the most to our stores and to our customers. And so ensuring that we've got somebody at the front register to ring out 100% of the time, check, we're actually doing that, I believe, at a very high level now. Second of all, ensuring that we put labor in to keep our on-hand and perpetual inventory counts more accurate. We, through Q4, have implemented that program, including extensive training to make sure that we feel confident long term that it will be sticky in our stores. And so I would tell you that our stores and our store employees have applauded that labor investment. And we're already starting to see some of the early benefits from that on the shelf, meaning more product on time and in the shelf. So really great to see. Also, another big reason on the self-help side, as you indicated, that we feel confident in is that we worked hard in Q4. We've gone back and peeled the onion completely back on transportation and DC accuracy, so in our whole supply chain and then put it back together, believe it or not, in Q4. What we've seen by doing that is that we've seen our on-time rates tick up greatly. Matter of fact, in the last 4 to 5 weeks, we've seen a very, very consistent level just shy of our goals. And last week, for the first time, we hit our goals on both our fresh distribution as well as our traditional DC distribution. So great to see. And how that manifests itself at our store is any time we can be on time and more inflow in our stores, it gives our store the ability to be able to work what we call that 7-day workflow, which -- when they're able to do that, things run very, very smoothly inside of our stores. So more to come. While we're not 100% there, we are getting there on our transportation and our distribution pieces. And then the other pieces that really come into play here is in our merchandising areas. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we've already turned off 1,000 SKUs. We've got those turned off and already starting to burn down at store level. So we hope that we see our markdowns be somewhat limited there while we've got some markdowns, obviously, planned in 2024 to move through that product. This is really going to help the stores, 1,000 less SKUs that they have to deal with. And then at the same time, reducing the amount of floor stands coming up and other products that don't go right to the shelf. And by the way, it's going to be a substantial decrease. We -- the stores haven't seen that yet. That's coming in later in Q1 and into Q2. And by the way, it's over a 50% to 60% decrease over last year in those floor stands and those alternate items coming in. So again, a lot less work at the store. And then lastly, as it relates to, and I alluded to it in my prepared remarks, the rolltainer sort. We haven't done that since 2017. If you remember, back in 2017, when we did do that, it makes the putting of the product onto the shelf from the delivery 15% to 20% more -- does it faster. So we're able to execute it faster at store level. And what that does and how that manifests itself at store is, bottom line, is it gets product to the shelf faster. That increases sales, and it increases the productivity of our stockers inside that store. So more to come there. That's why we feel so bullish about what we've got coming and what we've already done. So we've done this before, Matt. We know how to do it, and we're getting at it, as you could tell with a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of conviction here. 
Todd Vasos: Rupesh, let me start, and I'll pass it over to Kelly. Yes, as we look out into 2024, we do believe that the promotional environment will have an uptick here. We believe that it will revert closer to where pre-pandemic levels were. In 2023, we saw an increase as well. So this isn't an immediate left- or right-hand turn here. This is what we had anticipated, quite frankly, over the last couple of years that as we enter '24, we would probably start to see this. And by the way, I think our CPG partners, and I'm sure you've seen, have signaled this for quite a while now in that they need to move units and through that, encourage, if you will, some of that promotional activity to occur. The great thing about Dollar General, we talked about the levels of markdown, but the great thing about Dollar General is that with our size and scale, we're able to get a tremendous amount of CPG help when it relates to this higher level of activity. And so our margins usually tend to be okay, if you will, as we move through these higher markdowns -- promotional markdowns. But what it also does right now, Rupesh, I believe, is it just gives that customer that's looking for more and more value right now. And by the way, this customer is getting healthier and healthier every day. We're seeing it. She's figuring out her expenses. I think you probably remember, I talked about this quite often. It takes her a few quarters to figure out when she gets a shock to the system. And unfortunately, this inflationary environment we've lived in for the last couple of years has been a shock and maybe even a double shock to her. But she's starting to figure it out. You can see it through the transaction data. You can see it on the unit side, and you can see it even on the mix side. She's starting to pick up a little bit more of that nonconsumable-type items, that discretionary item a little bit more each and every passing week that we see. So there's a lot of reason to believe that this markdown activity will actually help encourage her to get out and spend more at Dollar General at a time where she needs us most. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Chuck, thanks for the question. And I would tell you, what we feel good about right now is getting back to the basics here. All the work that we're doing, as I indicated, we're probably just crossing over that 35-yard line. And so a lot of moving parts yet, but I think you could tell by my voice, and I can tell you, if you were here in this building, you could see the enthusiasm and in our stores of what is starting to really start to take hold. And that is getting back to the fundamentals that have made this company successful over the years. And a lot of it, the majority of it is not recreating the wheel, as I've said last quarter. It's taking tried and true items as well as processes and procedures and ensuring compliance. It's that simple in many instances. Now some of these, though, unfortunately, that had gone awry in the last 12 to 18 months. We really need to take some time to get those back in line. So those -- some of those are margin related and those components of, but as those start to heal, shrink being the largest one of those, I believe that we'll be in a really good position, as Kelly indicated, especially to start delivering on that EPS growth of 10% plus. And that is really some of the good health of the business that would start to show up. I feel good about that long-term algorithm. I feel good about this business as good as I ever felt. And quite frankly, I believe we have more drivers at our disposal today on driving that top line than we've ever had in the past, especially around the fresh network that we've got, the fresh food as well as all the work that we've done on NCI over the years and nonconsumables. That is just waiting for the customer to come back in. And as I indicated earlier, we're starting to see glimmers of her starting to come back in to that discretionary side. And we stand ready, willing, able with inventory, fresh inventory to get that done. So stay tuned. You know me, we're not going to stand still. We're going to push hard and get this thing moving as fast as we can, and we're off to a great start already here. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. I'll start and pass it over to Kelly. Yes, the very back half of Q3, we started to see some good glimmers of positive traffic. And then as we move through Q4, we saw that sequentially increase. And not that we're giving Q1 guidance, but that's continued into Q1. And so we feel very good about what we're seeing on that traffic side. And we believe, again, by all these actions we're taking on getting back to the basics should manifest itself in a strong traffic growth as we continue to move into the quarters ahead. And that's why the comp guidance that we gave is so important because we believe that we can see that positive traffic. Not only that, but all the work that we're doing to get back to basics here, get in stock not only helps that traffic. But what we're starting to see is -- and gives us confidence is that for the first time in many quarters, we're starting to see the trade down come back in. And we hadn't seen that for a few quarters. And quite frankly, it's been across every cohort, a customer that we track. So not only that higher income, all the way down to the lower income, we're seeing share gains. So great to see that. That means the work that we're doing is resonating and should also mean and manifest itself into long-term growth on that top line. 
Kelly Dilts: Yes. No, I think Todd told you all the reasons that we really believe that we're strengthening our foundation for long-term growth. And we really believe that this business is going to return to 10% to 10% plus EPS growth on an adjusted basis over the long term. As we move past some of the significant headwinds that Todd just talked about and getting back to all the mitigating actions that we're doing to combat those headwinds, we still have a lot of really good fundamentals in this business even with where we are and they're only going to get better. We're seeing momentum and growing share. We're growing traffic. We're starting to see healthy comps again, all the while, we've been generating a lot of cash flow. So this model is absolutely intact. And when we think about it, we've still got a long runway for growth. We think 700 and 900 stores are certainly still in our future. We've got a lot of remodel progress that we have on our plates as well. And that, as you know, contributes 150 to 200 basis points of comp contribution, so still really solid there. And we've got a lot of long-term drivers, some new, which Todd just talked about, making sure that we're reducing shrink. The inventory optimization gives us a lot of efficiencies, both in the store and in the distribution centers. But then we have those long-term drivers that we've had in place for a while and continue to benefit of, the DG Media Network, private brands, the global sourcing, category management, all of those things that we've had for a while are certainly still in place. And with that, we expect to continue to generate cash and are looking forward to being able to return that cash back to shareholders, not only through the dividend, which we're doing now, but also through share repurchases over the long term. So lots of reasons to believe back in that 10% to 10% EPS growth, and we feel good about the future. 
Kelly Dilts: That's right now and I think Todd hit on most of it. We really like the IRR. They're certainly at the upper end of what we expect from new stores and a payback of less than 2 years. We like the top line and the flow-through on the operating margin, and the 4-wall is strong. So we think it hits all cylinders. It's great for the business, but as Todd alluded to, it's also great for our customer. 
Kelly Dilts: Yes. And just to kind of give you a cadence just off of exactly what Todd was talking about, as we think about moving through the year, Q1 is certainly our [indiscernible] from a sales perspective. But as Todd talked about on the markdown side of things, it's really -- it's a cadence thing more than just being impactful on gross margin overall for the year. And so last year, our markdown cadence, because it was more clearance related, was back half heavy. This year, because we're leaning into the promotional cadence, just getting back to more normal rates, you'll see that spread a little bit more evenly over the quarters. The other thing that we're looking at is just annualizing the retail labor hour investment. And so that's going to put some pressure on Q1. And then the -- we talked about shrink being 100 basis points or more above in -- year-over-year in Q4. And so with that exit rate, you're going to see some pressure in the front half of the year as well. I think importantly, as we think about the cadence overall, the momentum of the actions that we are taking, we're certainly pleased with what we're seeing now, but that's going to continue to build. And we're going to see top line improve as we move through the quarter and a strong bottom line growth as we move into the back half of the year. If we think through just the components -- and back to your original question just on the gross margin piece, from a headwinds perspective, you've heard us talk a lot about shrink, but we do think with all of the actions that we're taking that we're going to be able to bend that trend as we move into the back half of the year and certainly start to see some benefits there. But really, as we move into 2025, we're going to see sales mix headwind probably all year as they make trade-off in the aisles, but as Todd alluded to, it's nice to see that we are starting to move that discretionary items as well. And then on the tailwind side, lots of work done in supply chain. You've heard us talk about the efficiencies there and just structural improvement on that. And the inventory reductions are going to help, again, with shrink, but also with damages. DG Media Network continues to grow. We continue to like what we see there as well as private brands. So those are kind of the components as we think about the margin. And then just a couple of things on SG&A. Obviously, retail labor has played into our baseline that it's little bit Q1 impact there, just based off of the annualization. And then the incentive compensation will pressure us throughout all of the quarters, and we call that out as a $0.50 headwind that we're estimating for the current -- for the 2024 year. And then depreciation cost increases over the prior year. So those are really the puts and takes as we think about the flow and just the different components of both gross margin and SG&A. 
Kelly Dilts: Yes. No, I think the teams have done a lot of nice work on inventory, and you're absolutely right on what you're thinking about as far as trajectory. I think that they've done a really good job here threading the needle. And so we're seeing both sides of that. We're seeing the nonconsumable side inventory drop on a per store basis. And to your point, we're seeing the consumables increase. But that's us getting improvements in our in-stock, which is helping to drive sales. So they're doing a good job of balancing both of those things. As we move into 2024, inventory continues to be a high priority for us. We see opportunity to reduce our inventory on a per store basis as we move through. And then as you know, as we do that, the benefits just continue for us. It lowers our carrier costs, and it continues to drive efficiencies both in the stores and in the distribution centers. It takes pressure off of both shrink and damages. And frankly, with the improved in-stocks, that just positions us better to serve our customers. 
Kelly Dilts: Absolutely right. And then on the wage side of things, I'll tell you, we feel really good about our wages. We've increased wages almost 30% since 2019 and feel we're in a good position there. We're not seeing a lot of stress on the wage front. So a more normalized annual wage growth is what we're expecting. And then with all of the investments that we've made in the labor hours, we feel like we are well positioned on that front in 2024. And all of that's considered in the guidance that we gave. So feel good about that as well. 
