Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. We had another record first quarter, and we are on track for a great year at Dollar General. Dave will provide more details on our financial results in a moment, but I want to share just a few highlights from the quarter.  Our total sales increased 13% over last year to $3.9 billion. Same-store sales grew 6.7%. Both customer traffic and average ticket increased for the 17th consecutive quarter. Operating profit, excluding a $13 million litigation charge in 2011 and a secondary offering expenses in 2012, increased 15% to $385 million or 9.9% of sales. Interest expense was down $28 million and adjusted net income increased 29% to $215 million. Adjusted earnings per share increased 31% to $0.63 per share.  Sales were strong in every department in our consumables and seasonal categories, and a positive sales momentum in home continued. We're very pleased with the sell-through of our holiday, seasonal merchandise, including Valentine's Day and Easter. Spring and summer seasonal sales had a strong and early start due to warmer weather and our improved product quality and assortment from our global sourcing initiatives.  I'll talk more about our operating initiatives in a moment but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question, John. It's still really early as far as the returns are, and we're continuing to work our way through them. I will tell you, I am pleased with the progress we're making on both the Plus and the Dollar General Market. I view the Dollar General Plus, John, as the opportunity where we anticipate doing larger volume. I think if you think in terms of a 7,300-square-foot store, that store gets really constrained when you start doing 1,000,007, 1,000,009 a door. And the DG Plus affords us the opportunity with incremental, refrigerated space, wider aisles, so 2 carts could get by and of course, additional linear footage to help us with our in-stock. The DG Market, we are still very excited about. We think that gives us the opportunity to differentiate ourselves in smaller, rural markets, as well as perhaps the urban environment down the road. So what we promise to do is keep you guys up to date as we move through the year on all of these. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would say, John, as I look across the nonconsumable side, I'm very pleased with where we're going at seasonal. We're doing a lot of hard work on it, again, as much improvement as we've made, hitting it really hard again towards the end of the year. And you have to say, what we're seeing in home decor, what we're seeing with window treatments, items like that, I'm pleased with what I'm seeing there. Our struggle continues to be hanging apparel, and we're still working on that. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question. It's actually a combination of both. We have remodeled some higher-volume Dollar Generals to see if we get a bigger leap with the additional space -- or relocated them rather. And then of course some of them are out of the ground. And in terms of what is the long-term potential, we really haven't called that out yet, other than to say, Chuck, we're pleased with what we're seeing at this stage of the game. 
Richard Dreiling: We saw traffic and ticket both increase through the quarter. The cadence to the quarter, as you can imagine with the shift in Easter, we had a good start in February, had a great March and of course, it's slowed a little in April. But if I put and added March and April together and divided by 2, you would say to yourself, you had a really good April and March. To be honest with you, we feel good with what we're seeing in May, but it's too early in the year to really step out and up the guidance. What I'd rather do is look at you guys at the end of the second quarter after we've got one more quarter and tell you, give you a feel for the year. There's just -- Chuck, there's so much chatter with the election. You saw what happened with unemployment. There's just a lot of noise right now, and I would just like a little more time. 
Richard Dreiling: If I look at the overall competitive landscape, I would say it's actually a little calmer than we've seen the previous couple of quarters. You look at our numbers that we posted in the first quarter, where we're certainly doing -- controlling what we can control. So I feel pretty good about the competitive environment now. 
Richard Dreiling: I would say we are probably -- probably to a football game, I'm a big football fan, I would say first quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: We started the apparel strategy, we're doing the more promotional pricing. We are pricing very much like you'd see when you would go into a more traditional seller or product. I can say that we've seen some traction in the infants and toddlers. We're doing a little bit better in men's. The important thing is that we're seeing units improve. While we're still struggling on the overall sales number, we're starting to sell more of it. And I think we're going to have to give it a few more months, Deb, to unwind. And our new VP stuff doesn't really start to show up until September. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, in regards to the fresh items, we're still using the outside companies that we have dealt with before. While we're moving a lot of products overall, it's still a small amount of product on a store-by-store basis. And we use 2 companies to help us. We use Armour-Eckrich in the base stores and the Plus stores and we use Nash Finch On the DG Markets. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. We're in about slightly north of 26% now. And in terms of the change in the basket, I can't -- I don't know what that is off the top of my head. I can tell you this though, that we added the $1 items and we are not suffering any kind of cannibalization with the items we added in. So to give you an example, we put in anywhere from 12 to 16 foot with a $1 HBA and assorted items, and it didn't erode our margin and it didn't cost us any sales. So it's all incremental. So our feel is it's a purchase we weren't getting. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we have right at 10 stores in California, and they are exceeding our real estate pro formas. So we're doing much better than we thought we would be doing. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think you called it perfectly to be -- yes, I think you called it perfectly. If you look at the Nielsen data, we're gaining share from grocery first, drug second and mass third. So that would be kind of how I would look where it's coming from. 
Richard Dreiling: I would think on grocery, you're winning on price and convenience, to be honest with you. I could see both. 
Richard Dreiling: I think the issue is we deal -- if you look at all of consumable retailing, it's an $800 billion pie. And I think what's going on is that, Dan, we're taking a little bit from a lot of different spot, and it's really hard to really focus on just us. So I think when we -- as long as we stay true to what our formula is, which is every day low price and convenience and don't get into the trap of going to high, low, I really believe that we're going to be able to move the business. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the sales per square foot is going up. And it's a question now of us managing our way through what the cost to build them, and the marketing team is continuing to work on the mix. So it's a matter of fine-tuning the vehicle. 
Richard Dreiling: Sure, Joe. I would say we are still growing our share of wallet with our existing customer, and there's been no change and the fastest-growing customer segment we have is $70,000 or more per year. So I would say you're continuing to appeal to your core customer. And at the same time, the changes we've made are -- that we've made over the last 4 years are continuing to be recognized by the trade down and trade-in customer. And I apologize, I forgot the second part of your question. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would tell you the paycheck cycles are as pronounced as they've been the last 18 months, and there's been no change in that. Every indication is that our customer is still very much affected by what's going on and there's been no change in their sentiment at all, Joe, just to be straight. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's a great question. We have felt all along that a couple of things happened, January, February, particularly number one is the warmer weather. I think while the warmer weather also put more money in people's billfold because they didn't have the big heating bills. So I think you had -- the customer had a little more money and I think they spent it. And I have said for some time here, Mary Winn is getting tired of me saying it, I think as we look at sales in May and June, that's really going to tell everybody what's going on. 
Richard Dreiling: Meredith, we accept food stamps in all of our stores. And the growth we've seen in food stamps mirrors that growth that's taking place in the country. It's not like it's growing significantly faster than anything else in the stores today. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, to answer your question, it's one and two and not a lot of three. We are going in, and I've used the example of when you build a store in a more mature neighborhood, you would expand the incontinence and contract on the diapers. Basically, the bulk of the set is the same. You take the slower moving out and expand on the faster moving and perhaps, even add additional couple of SKUs. We are also looking at the fact that there might be some categories that we don't need in certain stores. But in terms of going in and altering the mix and really changing the number of SKUs, that would be a logistics nightmare, if you did that. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. And actually where we're seeing, where it gets done is improved in-stock numbers. That's exactly right. And Meredith, what's been fun about it all is that the store managers are excited about it. Every time I go into a store that's been done, the store managers is like, "Oh my gosh, why did it take it so long to get it done?" It's pretty neat. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean the real estate program -- the surprise we've had in California has been the price of real estate, just to be -- which I think we've said a couple of times. And in terms of build-to-suit programs and all that, it's very typical of what we're doing in any other market. There's no significant difference there. 
Richard Dreiling: Scot, and we're seeing it broad, across a lot of commodities, too, sugar and flour and oil. Everything's coming down. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's a case-by-case item. But I will tell you, I want to reinforce, we're really committed to EDLP thing. So we'll do what we need to do. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, John, we have been relentlessly focused on unit growth. And I think it's translating into more customers, more trials. I tell you, this time last year, we made a pretty big call, and I think it's worked out as I look back the last year. 
Richard Dreiling: Well, what I mean is if you go back and you look at the last year, John, you had all of this inflation taking place and people were passing it all on to the customer, and it's slowed their unit growth. We recall, we took our price increases a little bit at the time and actually didn't pass them on and we kept our unit growth going, which created more market share for us. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, good question. I think the weather, no doubt, affected particularly the summer seasonal sales. I think we had a good Easter, we had a good Valentine's. But I will tell you, there's also been a serious change in the product mix again this year, not only in terms of what we've got, but the quality. And we've managing to hold the retail on it. We are still seeing really good seasonal sales as we move through the quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: 3,900 stores, excuse me, with a goal of trying to get to 5,000. It's on track. We're still pleased with what we see in regards to what happens in the basket and we're pleased with what we see -- how it affects total store comp. With regards to cigarettes in Nevada, I would say it's unchanged. We're seeing what we've seen since we've been doing it in November. We continue to work with it. But again, we'll wait until it plays out a little longer. 
Richard Dreiling: David, when you enter a new market, the money you spend out of the chute is going to be the least expensive long term. And we really want to come out -- we have a lot of thoughts in California. We're trying to come out of the box really strong there. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Dave. I'd say I have looked at this really hard over the last 4 years, trying to ascertain that when gas prices go up, does it affect our business or when they go down. And all I can -- all David and I can come up with is when gas prices are high, people need us more often; and when they come down, they have more to spend. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think, Emily, that we're going to need a little help with the economy before we really get that piece going. I can tell you, when we look at our market research, our customer buys for their child first, their husband second and themselves third. And I think it might -- since we're seeing a little bit of improvement now in infants and toddlers and men's and boys' that might actually be bearing out. So we have worked really hard on getting a little more fashion relevance, which we'll see in the spring and -- or excuse me, in the fall. I can tell you, we brought in some shorter shorts and some capri pants, and we saw those blow out of the stores. So I think it's a little bit about mix and it's a little bit about the economy. 
Richard Dreiling: Cotton is down significantly now, and we're not looking for any inflation at all on apparel this year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I -- we're real committed to everyday low price. That's been the backbone of this company for all of the years it's been here. And I think if you listen to customers today, while they do recognize certain prices, they're getting a little ornery about not knowing what the price is going to be when they come in because of promotional activity. So we're focused on EDLP. We think that's the right way to go, and we think our numbers in the first quarter show that this is a successful strategy. 
David Tehle: Definitely, a piece of that has to do with the growth initiatives, both in terms of incremental advertising costs that we had in the quarter that will continue to have in the second quarter to support our California effort. And then the cost, as we mentioned before, as the distribution centers come up to speed before they start shipping, a piece of that cost goes to SG&A because it can't be capitalized in the inventory and that definitely hit in the quarter also. For the full year, our goal remains to leverage SG&A, as we've told you before. And again, we don't give specifically -- specific quarterly guidance on that. But clearly, there are a few items hitting there that we've mentioned that are causing SG&A to be a little bit higher that won't be there as we get on an ongoing basis more back to average run rate for the business. 
David Tehle: We continue to work on our sourcing efforts, Deb, overall. The receipts grew in the first quarter versus a year ago. It continues to be one of our largest items in terms of where we're going to get long-term margin growth. We've opened up -- we're in the process of opening an office in Turkey and one in Northern China. We continue to work on ways to increase that effort. So I think we're getting a little bit more in the Consumables, also on sourcing. So we're pretty pleased with that effort right now. 
David Tehle: Yes, so the LIFO charge in the quarter was $1.6 million versus $3.6 million in the prior year. And right now, and again, this changes obviously every quarter, it changes depending upon what vendors are doing on prices. But our best thought process is it's somewhere between $8 million and $10 million in total for the full year. 
David Tehle: Yes, it's definitely come down. If you remember in fourth quarter, we were at like 200 basis points hit on inflation and now it's more like 50 basis points, so for the full year, like 0.5%. So it's definitely come down. 
David Tehle: Clearly, any time you're opening up a new distribution center, there's going to be somewhat of a drag because it's just not efficient when you first -- when it first starts out. As we get down the learning curve and as we add more stores to each of the distribution centers, they will get more efficient and ultimately -- obviously, the reason we did it is it helps us, particularly on our transportation cost, cutting down the transportation, cutting down stem miles. So yes, it will absolutely help us in the long term once we get over the initial start-up period. 
David Tehle: I think, again, we really don't give that granular in terms of quantifying individual line items with SG&A. When we started the year, we made the comment that for the full year, our goal is to leverage SG&A, and that remains to be our goal. As we go through the year, we really don't -- we don't see that changing. The one item that goes away in SG&A is both DC costs that we talked about. Again, as you're starting up a distribution center and you're not shipping yet, SG&A does take a bit of a hit for that, and that will go away. 
David Tehle: Well, we continue to grow California and experiment. So I guess it's a little early to make that call yet. 
David Tehle: Yes, still a valid comment. For the full year, again, our goal remains to leverage gross margin. I want to be clear on that. Don't see that happening in the second quarter because of the depreciation and some other expenses for the 2 new DCs that are going to impact the margin in Q2. And again, as we talked about on the call in Q1, some of these expenses hit SG&A because they were preopening expenses from a timing perspective. Also for Q2, there'll be a full quarter depreciation hit for the DC. They weren't opened the full first quarter. They will be open the full second quarter. So we will have somewhat of an impact there. I do want to stress again that once the new DCs get up to full capacity, their efficiency improves quite a bit and ultimately, this will be a positive for Dollar General down the road. But we clearly still see that margin hit the first half of the year. 
David Tehle: Our freight costs have actually been down if you look at where we are as a percentage of sales from the prior year. Now some of that is due to our efforts, reducing stem miles, improving cartons per load and things of that nature. But we've also done a very good job in negotiating our contracts, and feel pretty good about where we are in freight right now. 
