Todd Vasos: Simeon, it's Todd. I would tell you that our core consumer continues to be in pretty good shape. You're 100% right that a lot of the stimulus money has now dissipated. But I've always said, and our core customer has always said, as long as she is gainfully employed, that is probably the biggest driver of her confidence to spend. And there is no doubt that she is gainfully employed right now and can work as many hours as she may or may not want to. But as we look through the remainder of this year and into next, we believe that she'll continue to be gainfully employed. And with that, will have money to spend.  And then the other thing to think about with this low-cost consumer, to your point, we continue to show great value, right? When you look at how we operate, our pricing is as good as ever against all classes of trade. And as we talked about in our prepared remarks, we're not walking away from a $1 price point. We believe that's so important to her as we continue to move forward. Not that we believe it, she tells us that each and every day. So I think that value and convenience message will continue to resonate with our core consumer. 
Todd Vasos: Thanks for the question, Matt. As you know, right, we put out a range and we definitely see that the consumer is still shopping at a pretty good rate. But I would tell you there's a lot of the quarter left. So let's make sure we temper that just a bit. But the great thing about Dollar General is that we have never taken our eye off the ball on what that consumer is looking for. And that gives us that confidence as we move through this year and into next on our ability to continue to service that consumer and if there is any trade down that tends to come in that, that consumer will also enjoy those benefits. And then lastly, we still are very positive on the trade-down consumer that came in during the pandemic or trade-in is probably a better term for it. And those numbers continue to exceed our expectation on retention rate. So we've got that moving through the fourth quarter and into next year as well. So with all that high end of the guidance is very attainable. But on the other side, we've got a lot of quarter left and that's why we give you that nice range. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, this is Todd. I would tell you that the way we've been looking at this all along this year has been on a 2-year stack basis, right? Because some of our laps are pretty difficult as you know, Michael. But we're happy with where our 2-year stacks are right now on market share. And quite frankly, in some of our key initiative categories like Fresh, it will outpace where we thought it would be on a market share basis. We're confident as we go forward that we'll continue to pick up market share at the same rate, if not accelerated as we move into 2022 and beyond, with all of the initiatives that we have. And keep in mind, that value and convenient message resonates across not only our core customer, but many different customer bases. And that is being preserved at all costs. Our pricing continues to be as good, if not -- was as good as I've seen it over the last few quarters and over the last few years. And as we continue to look out, we don't see that changing either. Promotional environment has been pretty tame. So when you put all that together, we feel that our market share gains will continue to move in a real positive manner with really, the same classes of trade being those donors as we continue to move into '22. 
Todd Vasos: Karen, this is Todd. We're really excited about that, the potential opportunity. And as you stated, we do have a lot of opportunity right here in the Continental United States. And you know us pretty well. I don't -- we won't take our eye off the ball on that. We are squarely committed, seeing 17,000 opportunities in the Continental United States to put a store between pOpshelf and Dollar General. That hasn't changed and nor has our focus on that. I think as you look at Mexico, the intriguing piece, there's a couple of things. Number one, as you know, going into another country, it's a little bit more complex than going into your 47 state as an example. So we started working on this well over a year ago. And it takes many years to cultivate this initiative. And as we indicated, up to 10 stores next year is fairly aggressive, but it will take us many years to build out Mexico, right? And with that thought, even though we've got so many opportunities here, why not start now was more our kind of thinking because it will take many years. We don't want to wait till we're down the road and need to move faster. We do everything pretty methodically here. And we feel that for sure, the right thing to do was to start working on it now, with the intent to put many locations down to Mexico. So where will we start? Well, we'll definitely start closer to home, if you will, that Northern Mexico feels right. So it will be probably more in that area. But it will open up as we continue to look at different opportunities as we go. And then distribution-wise, stay tuned. We're not quite ready to talk about all that. But as you can imagine, before you start putting a lot of distribution centers in Mexico, we'll need some more critical mass. So we're working that plan as we speak as well. We've got a lot of folks on board already. The team has done a great job using a term that we've been incorporated, if you will, in the country of Mexico. So we're now hiring and able to transact in Mexico. I think that's very important. And that's what we're doing right now and starting to look at how we build out that assortment and what it looks like. And stay tuned. We're excited, as you can probably tell in my voice, this is a real opportunity for us to continue to grow the brand and continue to move forward with Dollar General in different locations other than just the Continental United States. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. This is Todd. Yes, the traffic number continues to be a little bit soft. But I would tell you that it definitely has been -- it's sequentially better than it was when you look from Q2 to Q3. And as you continue to think about our core consumer, and this is what's so important to continue always to keep in mind, when times are good for her and she has more money, she tends to come less often and spend more. What we've seen in our basket continue to be pretty strong throughout. And so that always happens with our core customer in better times economically for her, and that's what she's seen.  And then as things switch, if they start to switch, then you'll see her come more often and spend less. So those smaller baskets tend to then grow and that traffic number tends to pick up. We're squarely focused on it. We're not -- we're definitely not happy with traffic overall because we love to see positive, but we understand the drivers and the reasons. And we'll make sure that as things continue to progress, that we're squarely focused on driving traffic and price and convenience is our big mantra, and we'll continue to make sure that both of those are well intact for our core consumer. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. This is Todd. I'll take that. If you think about the drugstore business, the drug business has been our biggest donor of share over the many years, we've been very vocal about that. And with our health initiatives, we continue to gain more and more share from consumers around health and beauty in general. And so when any competitor, as you can imagine, goes out in the marketplace, it does -- it gives us an opportunity to garner more share in that area. Drugstores tend to exist, if you will, in areas that have multiple competitors in them. And that normally spreads out across many competitors. But we're squarely focused on anytime, just gaining share and any opportunity. So we'll continue to watch that very, very carefully. But we believe we're in great position just overall to continue to capitalize on health and beauty in general.  And then on the pOpshelf question, we'll continue to look -- call it, Southern Midwest to that Southeast is really where we're focused on right now, early on. Mid-Atlantic to a degree too, if you think about Mid-Atlantic being that Virginia type area down into the Carolinas. Those are the areas right now we're focused on. But over time, we see this across the United States as an opportunity. So we won't be limited to certain geographical areas. But as we always do, we're very methodical in our rollout. We want to make sure that we're able to supply the goods we need timely and warehouse is important. The great thing about how we've set our warehousing up with this is it's integrated with Dollar General. So we strip all the costs out of that. And we use the mother ship as we talk about the Dollar General mother ship, the brand not only in distribution but in so many different back-of-the-house areas, where we can make this very, very accretive, as John talked about, over the years as we grow the pOpshelf brand. 
Todd Vasos: And on the second part of the question, yes, we anticipate as things start to level out in '22. As John indicated, Q1, we still got a pretty big lap with stimulus and other things, the pandemic still in swing in 2021 as we move into '22 early. But as things start to level out as we get into '22 and into mid -- the back end of '22, we believe that the market share gains will probably continue to come from those same areas that were there prior to the pandemic. And so when you think about it, it's almost against all classes of trade, but definitely, drug being one of the larger [ share owners ] over time. And again, as I indicated earlier, that won't change. We believe that will continue, and will probably accelerate as we continue our initiatives around health and beauty and our health initiatives in general services and such in the years to come. So we feel good about being lined up nicely for market share gains, but we're squarely focused right now on ending Q4 on a high note and moving into 2022. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you for all the questions, and thanks for your interest in Dollar General. I'll wrap up things by saying we're very pleased with the third quarter results, which I think speaks to our strategy, our culture, and the great execution by our team, even in a constantly evolving environment. As we look forward, I'm very optimistic about our robust set of initiatives, including today's announcements to accelerate the pace of new unit growth at pOpshelf and expand internationally for the first time. As I said earlier, I never have felt better about the underlying business model. And in fact, I believe this is a much different company than it was just a few years ago and that we are very well positioned to capitalize on the enormous growth opportunities we see in front of us. Thank you for listening. Have a great day and a happy holiday. 
John Garratt: No, nothing incremental in terms of investments. We noted the $70 million, $80 million of investments in the strategic initiatives, which again are accretive overall. And then the other thing we pointed out is just on the gross margin. You certainly have a continued pressure that we anticipate, associated with the supply chain, which, again, we believe that's transitory in nature. It's a supply and demand issue, but we saw that increase as we went into -- from Q2 to Q3, and we expect that to remain elevated year-over-year as we look at Q4. And then obviously, the other big piece here is inflation. We're seeing higher prices passed along from vendors, and that's showing up in terms of the LIFO provision, which we noted. But that's really the key drivers I would point to on a 2-year basis. And then on a 1-year basis, I would just point to the very difficult lap as we're lapping extremely high sales of nonconsumable goods, which have a higher margin as well as unusually low markdowns around clearance items, just given the extremely high sell-through last year. 
John Garratt: You're right, Matt. This is John. And you're right. As you look at the implied 2-year stacks, it is a significant outperformance versus pre-pandemic levels. And I'd really point to 2 things. You mentioned and Todd mentioned the retention of the new customers that came into the brand. And the other piece I would point to is the larger baskets, growing our baskets on top of basket growth last year. And so I think both of these are really enabled by the strategic initiatives. The strategic initiatives have really increased the relevance of Dollar General, providing a fuller fill in trip for bigger baskets. You can do more of your grocery shop, you can do more of your home shop on the nonconsumables side, purchase services as well as the broader appeal to these new customers. And I think also the initiatives really highlight and further enhance the unique combination of value and convenience that we bring to the consumer. That's what I see as the key drivers of that outperformance. 
John Garratt: Michael, this is John. I'll take the question. What I'll say is it's early to provide specific 2022 guidance, we'll do that on the next call. But as you think about next year, I would tell you, as we said in our prepared comments, we've never felt better about the business model. We feel great about the fundamentals and the initiatives as well as the performance of the real estate, including the new formats that further boost sales. As you think about headwinds and tailwinds for next year, I do -- and as you think about the cadence of the year, I would point to, as you noted in the first half, Q1, in particular, it's a difficult -- very difficult lap with stimulus. Certainly, that will be a tough lap, but again, I think we're well positioned with the initiatives and the value and convenience we bring to consumers when they need it most. And then also, as you think about next year in general, we come into the year with elevated inflationary pressures. We have, as we said, expectations that the supply chain costs will continue to be elevated through Q4, and they won't magically drop right out of the gate in Q1 as well as the product cost pressures. But we do think there's reasons to think that this is a supply and demand calculation here. And over time, it will moderate. And so that could flip as you move through the year into a tailwind. So more to come on the specifics. But as you think about next year, I would tell you the fundamentals are fantastic. But the beginning of the year will be more pressured than the latter part of the year. 
John Garratt: I'll take that, Karen. If you look at -- obviously, there's a lot of year left, and it's a pretty dynamic environment. Certainly, there's uncertainties that creates -- that we thought it was prudent to keep the range wide, although narrowing it in half and taking the top half of our earnings and sales guidance. But as we looked at the key pressures and unknowns in Q4, certainly, supply chain remains elevated, and we expect that to remain elevated. And it's unclear as the pandemic continues to evolve, what that's going to mean specifically in terms of supply chain costs, but we do believe that's going to remain elevated as well as with the LIFO provision, that also is a pressure. What we have done is accrued year-to-date based on our projections of full year inflationary costs passed along to us by vendors. But certainly, that could change as well, although the team, I think, is doing a very good job of mitigating both. And I think compared to some of our peers, we've done quite well in terms of delivering year-to-date, the operating margin expansion. So it's really reflective of those key inflationary pressures, which, again, we believe are transitory in nature, but could still be volatile in the near term. 
John Garratt: I'll take the first part of that question, Rupesh. I think it's important to note, and Todd touched on this in his prepared comments, that as we look at pOpshelf, we see this as additive to our Dollar General banner growth plans. And the other thing we've noted is we see over time, as many as 3,000 additional store opportunities from this, incremental to the 13,000 DG banner opportunities. We're accelerating it rapidly, effectively tripling the number of stores next year as we add 100 on top of 50, and then look to have 1,000 by the end of 2025. So as you think of the algorithm going forward, I don't want to give any specific long-term guidance at this point, but I think it's important to note that it is additive. As you look at next year, the 100 is additive on top of the 1,000 DG stores, and that's the way we look at that going forward. While in the near term, you do have start-up costs that offset the near-term benefits, but when you look at the fantastic unit level economics of these stores, and we've talked about these, $1.7 million to $2 million sales margins that we see as 40% and growing over time. It's just fantastic unit level economics that we anticipate and fully expect to be increasingly accretive to operating profit long term as we scale it. 
Jeffery Owen: Thanks, Kate. This is Jeff. And you're right, we are excited about pOpshelf, and we continue to be very, very pleased with how our customers are responding really to the entire box. And very excited that we're going to triple the store count in 2022 and laying the groundwork for 1,000 stores by 2025. So I think you can tell by our bullish news and our excitement, just how excited we are with what the customer is telling us. When you think about the store in general, there's many areas that she is gravitating towards and responding well. And quite frankly, there's more than we have time to talk about. But I would tell you right now, certainly, we love what she's seeing around the toys that we've offered, we've got great -- in the home area, she's really finding ways. When you think about it, the majority -- over 90% of our items are less than $5. She's really finding ways that she can treat herself and has a lot of fun in the shopping environment. And so the team continues. We're just getting started here. We'll get better and better and better. But right now, that concept is really, really performing great, and we're really excited about how it's going to complement the traditional Dollar General network as we move forward. 
Jeffery Owen: And Rupesh, I'll talk about the store-within-a-store concept that you mentioned, like pOpshelf, we're very excited about what we're seeing here as well. This is obviously very new here, just been in stores just a few months. But very pleased with what we're seeing again from the customer. And when you think about this store-within-a-store concept, really what it is able to do is it takes about 70% to 80% of the pOpshelf assortment and right inside this Dollar General Market.  And so the store-within-a-store, as you look forward, will continue, as we mentioned earlier, to expand that. But as we think about the long term here, we recently announced a larger square foot store format, which we've talked about, pleased with that productivity. But again, things like that give us the opportunity to create enough theater to perhaps bring some of that merchandise into the broader assortment of the Dollar General network. So we'll have to wait and see long term as we look forward, but the team is continuing to refine and look at ways that we can continue to learn from this store-within-a-store just like we learned from NCI and how it really was the genesis for pOpshelf to begin.  So more to come, but very pleased with the store-within-a-store concept and our ability to grow that over time. 
Jeffery Owen: I'll take the first part. This is Jeff. And when you talk about the geographic footprint of our stores, first of all, we're pleased with the balance in terms of our sales performance, and that's one of the real beautiful things about this company is, is just how evenly distributed and how well the company is performing across all geographic.  When you think about the rural, earlier in the pandemic, we did see outsized performance in our rural stores. But it's beginning to normalize where it traditionally has performed, where we continue to perform better in rural, but not to the same degree from a disparity standpoint that we saw early in the pandemic. So as things open up, we're seeing performance open up just like we would expect across all of our store base. So generally speaking, we're very pleased with really, the performance across all of our geographic regions and the demographic regions. So real pleased with what we're seeing there. 
