Richard Dreiling: That's a great question, Mark. We're actually seeing inflation moderate in the first quarter. I would guesstimate that it's about 1/2 of what it was in the first quarter of last year, so around 1% is what we're seeing right now. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question. One of the things we've worked very hard on, John, is not to be a 7,600-square-foot grocery store. We believe the nonconsumable side to us is as important as the consumables. Now as I look back over the last 4 years, we have made some decisions, made some changes and pulled back on some of the nonconsumable categories. We're very encouraged with what we've seen on just about all of the nonconsumable categories, with the exception of apparel. And we still think that has a long term. But we heat map the store. We understand how the categories are performing. And as we roll through the year, we'll make the necessary decisions we need to make. 
Richard Dreiling: And in regards to the back half, we believe it's a part of our future. It's a little early to stand up and say how many stores we think it's going to be. But I will tell you, John, the ones that we've opened and the ones we've remodeled, while we've got a lot of work to do yet, we're very pleased with what we're seeing. 
Richard Dreiling: It's -- what we always try to do is put our best view on it. It's a little early yet to be honest. And what I will promise you, we'll do what we've done for the last 2 years. Every quarter, we'll give you an update based on the results we have. 
Richard Dreiling: What a great question. I think the LIFO charge, to me, having to work with inflation. I will tell you, I was very pleased with sales and the way sales ramped up through the year, which I think is very -- I think that's very telling, and that it says that we're broadening our appeal to a broader customer base and still growing our share of wallet with our existing customers. And I got to tell you, as far as the organization goes, I would say that we continue to demonstrate that we have multiple levers that we can pull. If you think about the LIFO charge we took in the fourth quarter and we were still able to manage the business and exceed the Street's expectation. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, it is a little early yet. We're continuing to expand the number of items that are on there. I think we have almost 2.5x the number of items we had before, so we're approaching 3,000 items. We're getting some hits. We're measuring the re-hits, where people come back to it. We're pleased with what we see, but it's a little early yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Believe it or not, all across the United States. It's been very interesting that we've had hits from states we're not in. Not Hawaii, by the way. 
Richard Dreiling: I look at it -- Dan, we still have opportunities in sourcing, private brands, shrink, warehouse and transportation. There's a lot of room there. And the one thing I think is the real key takeaway for us, the improvement that we've driven has not been from raising prices. It's been doing -- by doing a better job around the acquisition and the moving of product. So I feel comfortable there's still some room. David, I don't know if you'd like to add anything to that. 
Richard Dreiling: And Dan, I would tell you this, too. If you look at the syndicated data, I mean, on a 4-week, 12-week, 24-week, 52 -- I mean, we're growing our share 10% to 12% now. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think that's a really fair question, Dan. Even though we're adding a lot of cooler doors, we still -- we're not -- it's not a big case business for us yet. The growth is phenomenal, but the people we're using deliver by the piece for us, which makes it much more better to control our inventory. It is something that we're watching, something that we're monitoring, something we're thinking about, to be honest. And I'll give you an update when we decide to make that move. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, actually, if you look at it, we're in the top 10 with most of the CPG companies out there now. And the advantage, Paul, to national brands for us, it gives us relevancy with the trade down and the trade-in customer. And the merchandising team has been able to develop a very strong private brand program and a very strong national brand. So it works out good. 
Richard Dreiling: I'm very pleased with the selection overall. And when you think about the national brands that we carry, we really focus on the ones that our customers can afford and relate to. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would look at you and tell you, you could pick anyone you wanted to on that. We enjoy the same relationship with them as all of the bigger players do. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think it's more than just looking at the capital. As we look at it, you certainly have to look at the revenue that's coming out of that box, the mix of products because the product mix is skewed a little heavier towards the consumables. So we have to work the top part of the equation, as well as the bottom part of it on the capital. So I think we're working all sides of it right now. It's still early. We're still learning, and we're doing a lot of value engineering in the stores in terms of trying to figure out what makes sense from a capital point of view. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think until we really put a stake in the ground on the model and are willing to say we have it perfected, we're still experimenting. And we'd rather not lay a number out there. And certainly, when we feel like we've got it where we want it, we'll be willing to give a little more guidance on that. 
Richard Dreiling: Okay, that's -- I would tell you in all honesty, that's just a one-off observation. It happens to be where that store was at the time when we were going to remodel it, and we took advantage of it. 
Richard Dreiling: No, the Plus [ph] store is a major commitment to just the refrigerated and the frozen and then some expanded sets within the store. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Actually, we're learning a lot about produce and meats. And again, it's too soon to stand up and make a commitment on that. You got to remember, that's brand new for us. And we're not new in the Dollar General Markets, but really understanding the quality, the selection, the variety. So we have a lot to learn there yet but stay tuned. We'll see down the road. 
Richard Dreiling: That's a great question. It's actually not only consumables, but we're also doing a lot of work on the nonconsumable side. We introduced many SKUs of Dollar HBA items in the course of the year. In terms of the profitability, they still carry a very solid profit. And it's equal to the stuff we're actually selling, the merchandise we're selling in the store. The real key takeaway on the addition of the dollar merchandise is that it's not eroding the category. It's become incremental. So we actually believe it was the sale we weren't getting that we're now getting. 
Richard Dreiling: And in terms of the comps through the year, I mean we're looking for a pretty consistent role through the year, Chuck, not that's going to be heavier in one end or the other. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, Chuck, the way to think about it is we expect both gross margin and SG&A leverage for the full year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think a fair question, this will obviously give it some room for a period of time. We like -- we really like to run our DCs at about 85% capacity. That gives us the fluctuation to deal with incoming seasonal and all that. So that's why the 1,000 stores is a real good rule of thumb. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, actually, it's exit research, where the customer comes out of the store. Right? And we also use Nielsen panel data, so it's not a guess. There's some rig around it. 
Richard Dreiling: Scot, I'd also throw out, too, that the real estate team is taking a much different approach to entering a market. When you think you back into the old days, we put a store in Northern Arizona, Southern Arizona, Eastern Arizona and Western Arizona and wonder why no one knew who we were. The real estate team here now is going in putting the stores together where the merchants can effectively put a marketing and merchandising strategy around them to make a bigger impression quicker and get the sales moving faster. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, let me give you the easiest example. Think in terms of a younger demographic versus an older, so traditionally, today, we have an incontinent set that is the same in every store in the chain and a diaper set that is the same in every store in the chain. What we'll be able to do based on age, obviously, is go in and alter the size of those sets. So as I said, that's a very easy example. Think in terms of seasonal, Halloween, for example, does very well in rural, doesn't do quite as well in urban environments, and we'll be able to go in and adjust those sets. It will ultimately, over time, affect every store in the chain and every market and every category. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the nonconsumable side of the table, Denise, is being driven by the macroeconomic environment out there. We're very comfortable with the decisions we're making on the nonconsumable side. As I said on the call, we're starting to get some traction in a lot of areas, home and stationery. And we're very, very pleased with the changes we made on infants and toddlers. And we still have some work to do, but we're not willing to give up on it yet. So I think a little help from the economy will get us going in the right direction. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, it was approximately 2% in the fourth quarter. And nuts come to mind, peanut butter, a lot of basic commodity items. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, we, obviously -- we continue to make good inroads on shrink. Remember, our warehouse and transportation is in the margin line, and we're working very hard on that also. And so remember, there's a lot of levers here that we're working on. We're not -- our margin improvement is not coming from raising prices. It's doing a better job of managing the overall business. And I think, as you guys think about us, that's our story, that we have multiple levers to pull, which is why our growth is so sustainable. It's funny. I don't know if you've looked at the can of nuts on the shelf, but I believe the 16-ounce can is down to about 8 or 9 ounces now, where everybody is really downsizing that type of product. Peanut butter -- I mean, a jar of peanut butter is $6 now. So it's coffee, I believe, we saw some increases there. Creamers, we saw increase. So just a lot of broad-based items. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we're calling out that we will have some margin improvement for the year. And again, I'll turn it over to David here. I don't want to shortchange the ramping up of 2 distribution centers in the first quarter of the year. They don't come out flying shipping 1,000 stores. And then in terms of markdowns, what I would like to say about markdowns is we have a new apparel strategy in place in which we are focused on selling apparel more like the customer is used to buying it. So we do believe we're going to get SG&A leverage for the year. We do believe we're going to have margin expansion for the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we've reallocated space in the department. 50% of it now is infants and toddlers. There's a real focus in the organization on basics and collegians. But I don't want to mislead you that we think we've figured it all out, and the trends are heading in the right direction. We've got a lot of work to do there. We've got a great team in place there now, and we're going to let that play out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we have almost 3,500 stores complete now. We continue to be pleased with what we're seeing, not only in regards to the basket, but also what it does to the comp in the store. What's been really exciting for us is we've launched our private brand wine, and it's doing very good, very pleased with what we're seeing there. And of course, as we move into California and Las Vegas, while we're working our way into it, we'll also be selling spirits. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think John, you're right. I mean, we don't ever see the returns equaling what we have in the traditional stores. But as we work on the merchandise mix and as we work on the capital that we invested in it, we see that gap closing somewhat from where it is today. Again, the play on that, if you remember, is we're going into food deserts, where we think we can drive a lot of volume. And then they generate a lot of raw profit dollars in terms of just generating EBITDA for the model, which certainly is something we're very happy to see. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think, and particularly as we look at private label and sourcing, we know we've got a long runway to go in both of those. And sourcing, anyway, is something we totally control. Obviously, private label, the customer has to vote on it. But the things internally, sourcing, and shrink and distribution and transportation, those are things that we have total control over. And we know that we have room for advancement in those areas. 
David Tehle: I'm not going to give you an exact number there, Wayne. But we have what I would call a moderate amount of LIFO played into the number of our guidance, our $2.65 to $2.75, certainly not as large as what we saw in 2011, something more moderate than that. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think as we look at that, several things. Certainly, the supply chain is the biggest one as we move forward, and we think that will do a lot for us in terms of inventory turns, in-stock, demand forecasting. We've got some enhancements we'll be making to our handhelds in the store, which is kind of a lifeline for the stores again in terms of managing inventory and helping increase our sales. Two new distribution centers this year, obviously, there's a lot of IT work involved when you open a distribution center. We're doing some pricing system enhancements with DemandTec. And again, we think as we refine our pricing, that will have some major benefits for the company. And then we've got some things going on in transportation and distribution, including expanding our transportation routing. So kind of a whole bunch of different things touching many different parts of the business, and we still think there's a lot of technology that we can inject in the business to help drive more sales and drive more profitability. 
David Tehle: Yes, traffic is definitely has been trending higher than the basket. However, the basket is still contributing. I don't want to mislead you. We're still happy with what we're seeing in basket, but traffic, clearly, is the bigger piece of that, particularly in the more current time period. 
David Tehle: Yes, we're not going to be that granular in terms of actually quantifying. And I think what we've said is that we do see some pressure on the margin -- the gross margin percentage the first half of the year, and one of the big reasons is because of the inefficiencies as we have 2 new distribution centers coming up. We do have a little bit more SG&A also and some of the startup cost hits that, and then we have the investment in California that we mentioned. So we do have a moderate impact related to that. I think as we move forward in our model, we see ourselves adding a distribution center every 1,000 stores. So as we open 1,000 stores, it's probably time to add a DC. I will also say as we look at our 5-year strategy on distribution and transportation, we look at where we are today and we look at where we see ourselves in 5 years, we see these investments that we're making being positive and being accretive to that line item. We look at DC and trends where we are today versus 5 years from now, we see ourselves leveraging that. So I think these are great investments that we're making for the long-term growth of our business. 
David Tehle: Yes, there's definitely some drag when we go into a new market. Again, keep in mind, we still have a lot of opportunities in our existing markets when we talk about the number of stores long term that we can open. So of course, part of our goal is to try to balance that out in terms of our store openings and where we open them. But yes, clearly, there is a little bit of a startup when you go to a new state. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think as we look at it right now, we're pretty satisfied with our current debt levels. We had mentioned that our goal was to drive our debt to EBITDAR below 3.0, which we did in the quarter. It's either a 2.8 or 2.9 depending upon if you put cash in there. So our belief is that as the Buck Holdings ownership comes down, we should become investment grade. So we're about where we want to be in terms of the debt level. So our current thought process is that we'll refinance the $450 million sub debt sometime around that July call date or thereafter. And certainly, we'll get much lower debt since that's at 11.875%, and you know what the going debt rate would be for a company of our nature. So I think our current thought is that we'll definitely use debt to -- and keep that debt out there. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think, Colin, it was items that we also have a lot of inventory because they're good items for us, and we sell a lot of them. And that has an impact on the LIFO calculation, is how much inventory you have in items of coffee, batteries, peanuts, peanut butter, eggs, motor oil, some paper products, charcoal, I mean, you name it. We just have a lot of products. And yet it came in a little bit higher than we had planned and clearly, a little bit deeper than we had planned. If you look at the margins for the quarter, a couple of things to keep in mind, the LIFO was clearly the biggest factor. But also you have that mix factor that we've talked about, where our consumable business in the quarter was higher than it was in the previous quarter, 71.4% of the business versus 69.6% last year. So we continue to have a bit of a negative impact on mix. And then transportation, the fuel prices, again, are something that hit us in the quarter overall versus the last year. As we look forward on it, we still have some headwinds there in terms of, as we mentioned, we've got a certain amount of LIFO played in. We still see the mix being an issue, and we're still seeing the fuel costs being an issue as we move forward in the model. 
David Tehle: Yes, we've been pretty consistent with what we have been seeing out of both of our remodels and our relocations on sales lift. The relocations are somewhere around the 20% to 25% sales lift, and then the remodels are somewhere around 5%. And like I said, that's been fairly consistent for us. 
