Richard Dreiling: Thanks, David. Dollar General is a strong and growing business with tremendous high-return store growth opportunities that we intend to capture. Our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow, and we are in a position to invest in store growth while continuing to return cash to shareholders through consistent share repurchases.  My sincere appreciation goes out to more than 100,000 Dollar General employees for all they do to fulfill our mission of serving others in the more than 1.5 billion annual customer transactions. With that, Mary Winn, we'd now like to open it up for questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Paul. I'll take that one. A couple things here. First of all, our remodel, relocation and new store program continues to be as healthy as ever. Our new stores continue to open up at 85% to 90% of our average comp number. I -- fact, I looked at some real estate numbers just yesterday, reviewing the 2013 projects, and they were tracking at almost 101% of our projection, so continue to be very, very healthy. I have historically laid out on this call, all of our initiatives going forward in a lot of detail. And I've elected this year, because of the intensity of the competitive environment out there, to choose to rather come back to you and tell you how we're doing once we get them done. But I will tell you that we are focused on SKU productivity. We actually believe we can do more in 2014 with less SKUs. We've examined a lot of categories, and we have discovered there are categories we can expand and categories that we're going to contract as we move through the year. We've become highly focused on not just work simplification but work elimination in the retail stores, which will free up our store managers and district managers to be more involved in the merchandising and store standards. We are also -- which I will report on as we move through the year, have developed what we are calling out a life cycle remodel, and the majority of these stores are undersized by our current standards. They're in the 5,700 to 6,500 square feet. And these are stores that historically, we might stand up and say, "Hey, let's relocate them," but they're in keeper sites now. They're in good spots. We don't have the opportunity to expand them. And we've done some experimentation of going in and working this smaller store, and it's costing us about 30% to -- 30% less to remodel them, and we're generating a return that's 25% to 40% higher. And really what this involves is going in and refreshing the store up in terms of our new decor package and then making the commitment to the right categories that are in there. Rather than trying to play in every category, really focusing on those that are most productive. And then, of course, we're going to continue to stay focused on category management. And I know, Paul, that's kind of much broader than we historically have given you, but I would rather report this year on how we're doing versus laying it out on the table upfront. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question. We actually -- we're feeling very comfortable about the merchandising initiatives that are starting to roll out. We are actually getting ready to do our spring roadshow, where we could go out, Peter, and lay all those out for the store managers. We're very comfortable there. And we're also -- quite honestly, I think the competitive environment is going to settle down. And really intense competitor -- competitive environments have a habit of coming and going, and when that does happen, I believe the role of EDLP is going to be even more important than the promotional activity that we've seen recently. So -- and I also think -- I fall back to what we said in our comments, when mother nature is not interfering with what's going on, we're pleased with what we're seeing. And I know the groundhog is getting every bit they can out of seeing their shadow this year, but we think the good spring weather is coming. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I can tell you, if I took -- it's interesting you brought this up. We took the 1,000 store -- took the bottom 1,000 stores that were in the hardest hit in regard to temperature and compared them to 1,000 stores that were in areas that weren't as severely impacted by the weather. And Peter, the significant change in the comp -- it's significant, the difference in the comp. I attribute that to 2 things: number one, the weather. I do think that we do know that natural gas and propane are both going to be up significantly for the consumer, and we might be seeing some of those higher heating bills working their way through now. So it's a little bit of both. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, Walmart is a fabulous competitor. There is absolutely no doubt about it. I think, though, Judah, if you look at it, their primary focus is the neighborhood store. They're talking about adding 100 Express stores, I think, this coming year, and primarily, their focus is on the neighborhood market. And we're going to open up over 700 stores. So I think we've got a significant lead here, and we'll just have to see how that one plays out. 
Richard Dreiling: Matt, I would say is what David's calling out is spot on. I would say to you that we have a long track record, though, of really good results, so I wouldn't let 2014 influence me looking forward. 
Richard Dreiling: That's exactly right. We call out, historically, 1.5% to 2% on the real estate program. And then the rest is what we're going to do going through the course of the year to drive traffic and sales. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think the issue of accelerating our new store growth is one that David and I wrestle with all the time. We are very much into organizational capacity. And if you think about it, every year that we've been together here as a team, we've upped the number of new stores that we've opened. And what we don't want to do is get ourselves into the jam the company got itself into several years ago, where it actually had to come in and close 400 stores because in the rush to open new stores, we were more focused on quantity rather than quality. And I would rather guide open 700 stores and open them right than open 850 and be marginal. So it's something we wrestle with all the time. It's a very fair question. But right now, we're very comfortable with the number of stores we're going to open. 
Richard Dreiling: Actually, John, it's a combination of both. We've said all along that we're really comfortable with the steps we've taken in non-consumables in terms of the branding, how the products position in the stores, the quality, the fact that we've been able to improve the quality and reduce the price to the consumer, and we are going to need some help with the economy. Having said that, though, Phase 5 is the perfect example of how we're looking at everything, in that we're saying that every category has to carry its own water in the store. And if you look at the fact that we have reduced hanging apparel in some areas, we are committed to getting the store balanced properly. But saying -- having said all of that, we think the non-consumables side of the business is incredibly important. We are today's general store, and getting that offering moving, we think, is incredibly important to the overall mix and to our value [ph] proposition. So we're very committed, and we're still committed to it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, 2 good questions. We continue to experiment with Dollar General Market. John, I grew up selling produce and meat, and it's pretty easy for me. But it's very difficult teaching somebody how to sell it when they're not used to selling it in terms of rotation, how you order it, how you mark it down, how you keep it fresh. And right now, I don't see a lot of movement like moving produce items into the traditional DG. I will tell you, Todd and his team have made some learnings on the perishables side, the cooler side, that we've been able to move into the traditional Dollar General stores, that are beneficial. In regards to the CVS thing, I think what happens when someone gives up a category like that, those sales just tend to go where they're going to go. I think we'll get our share of it, but I don't think it's going to be more than that. 
Richard Dreiling: And I think, Meredith, I'll throw out one thing, too. I think the -- it was our feeling the environment was incredibly price competitive. And people were throwing prices during extreme weather conditions that I don't think people were going to respond to anyway because they couldn't get to the store or they'd already stocked up. And we chose not to play in that, and we focused ourselves on taking care of the inventory we had in the store. 
Richard Dreiling: That is 100% true, but we've taken and refined it even further, where the product actually comes out how it's laid out on the shelf. So imagine all the detergent used to show up for the detergent aisle, and now we're trying to lay the rolltainer out where it actually matches to the shelf by the planogram. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think, Chuck, that is a very fair question. We do a lot of work on our sensitive items every month. We do a full book every quarter. And to be honest with you, the gap between me and that guy you mentioned has not narrowed at all. And I do think they have been more promotional, and I think they have publicly said they want to back out of that. I will tell you that we have responded on promotional items that we think are important to the consumer. But we're staying focused, true blue to everyday low price because we think, long term, that always wins. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I will say this. We didn't talk about the cadence of the quarter. But I will tell you, January was the day that -- or January was the period in which the most affected days were there that we experienced. And the gap between the bottom 1,000 and the high 1,000, while we didn't call out a specific number, I will tell you it was significant. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would tell you, Chuck, probably the non-consumable side. And believe it or not, not the apparel side, but the hardware, the automotive, the stuff where we think we really can play well in. And we're pleased with the assortment. We just think we need a little bit of help -- more help from the economy. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean -- yes, I think when I reflect back on -- we had a pretty solid quarter 2 and quarter 3. I think that I don't want to take quarter 4, where we obviously suffered severe, severe weather issues. And I think as we reflect on quarter 4, we have to remember that when the weather is bad, people don't come to Dollar General to stock up. They go to the more traditional retailer and they stock up there. And they go there for a number of reasons. Number one, we're limited in assortment, and more importantly, they can get what they want, right? There's a broader depth. You come to a Dollar General to buy sugar with another 15 or 16 people, and all of a sudden, there's no sugar. And then we don't deliver for another full week. So I don't think that you can necessarily look at everything that happened in quarter 4 and push that out going forward. I do think that tobacco, the point you're raising, is that it is adding to our comp line, and it's doing exactly what we want. We're not looking at the comp number. We're looking at the transactions it's driving. And again, if you look at the fourth quarter, we're one of very few retailers who called out the fact that we still had transaction growth. So I feel, as we move through the back half of the year, that tobacco is going to continue to do what it's been doing, deliver -- it's going to deliver transactions and then, more importantly, the attachment rate is continuing to grow. So I feel pretty solid, feel pretty good about the back half of the year, particularly when I roll in what we intend to do on the initiative side. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, I -- as I look at our price -- as I look at our pricing studies that are conducted on the most sensitive items, I continue to see a gap that was very similar to what it was 5 and 6 months ago. I do think that when you -- I do think when you deviate from EDLP, it takes a while to get that notion back into the customer's head. The customer is used to coming in and getting these onetime prices, right? And then it's hard to reestablish that, "Hey, my price of Tide is good day in and day out." So I don't want to really speculate on someone else's pricing strategy or what they're doing. I'm just kind of saying we're very comfortable with where we are today and where we've been. 
Richard Dreiling: I would say about the same that we've seen historically. I would not say that non-consumables is getting better, but I would also tell you it's not getting any worse. We have tobacco in there, too, Matt, which kind of distorts the consumable side. 
Richard Dreiling: I -- actually, we're quite bullish on the non-consumable side, and we're looking to see some solid comps on that side of the table in 2014. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Almost all of it will be in existing markets. We're going to add somewhere between 50 and 60 stores in California. However, we're looking at California as an existing market now. But we will probably not enter into any new markets in '14. 
Richard Dreiling: That's actually a very fair question. We are actually, in those 4,000 stores, very pleased with the numbers we've seen. Now those stores were more space-constrained than our traditional store. And we made the decision there, Mark, not trying to be everything to everybody on every category. So I would look at you and tell you we haven't really arrived at that conclusion yet. I will tell you as we look at apparel, so far into this quarter, we're actually -- I wouldn't say pleased, but we're seeing some rays of hope in our apparel strategy. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean I will tell you, the first 15 days of February were very tough. I will also tell you the first 10 or 12 days of March were tough. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I got to tell you, Scott, I haven't seen -- I've heard all kinds of speculation on it, where it's going to go, what's -- how significant that is. But I think where we are right now is we're kind of waiting to see what the president is going to do. I would be remiss if I didn't tell you that we are evaluating several scenarios and looking at what the impact is going to be. But again, I don't think it'll necessarily impact 2014, and it's going to impact everybody. And I'll tell you what I've always said to everybody on these calls. We are just a retailer, and whatever costs you can't remove from the system eventually gets passed on. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think the competitive landscape has suddenly decided that the dollar channel is a viable channel that can't be ignored any longer, and I think there's a lot of work being done on that. I will tell you, though, at the end of the day, what we bring to the table is the true value proposition. And the beauty of our model is -- the beauty of our model is a national brand is a national brand. And we have the ability to trade in and out of brands and always have the best value in front of the customer. And I'll also tell you the work that we're going to do in 2014 is all focused around that value proposition and giving the customer even more choices on those particular items. And again, I would look at everybody and say the environment has gotten very competitively intense. That does not sustain itself for a long, long period of time. And again, I fall back to where everyday low price, every day of the week on the basic necessities that the customer needs, and I think that's going to be -- that's going to serve us well into the future. 
David Tehle: Yes. Well, Paul, we're not giving specific guidance beyond 2014. But I did say in my prepared comments that we do think we've got some headwinds in 2014 that are -- that won't reoccur as we get out of 2014 and in 2015 and beyond. Specifically, we talked about the team share, the incentive comp being $35 million or about $0.07 a share, 18 basis points on SG&A. We talked about the Affordable Care Act. That's $10 million to $15 million or 5 to 8 basis points, $0.02 to $0.03 earnings per share. And then the sale-leaseback, although it doesn't hit earnings per share, it does hit the basis points on SG&A, and that was about $10 million. So we have some discrete items here that are impacting 2014. And again, as we get beyond 2014, we see these being more normalized and not being an impact as we get into 2015 and beyond. And again, we're just not giving specific guidance beyond 2014 at this point in time. 
David Tehle: Yes. I just want to jump on the weather piece of it, that, in so far, in first quarter, we have continued to have a weather impact. And that plays a big role in how we set our guidance for the quarter. 
David Tehle: Yes. I'll take it off, and then, please jump in, Rick. As we look at our gross margin for the year, clearly, the first half of the year is being impacted by tobacco, particularly the first quarter, but also in the second quarter. And then as we get to the back half of the year, that mitigates. And right now, we are actually forecasting that as we get into third and fourth quarter, we should start seeing some leverage in gross margin. So I don't think there's a whole lot besides the tobacco impact to talk about here. On the first -- we talked about shrink. We see shrink improving as we go through the year. And again, that will be more second half-based than first half-based. We're still dealing with that a little bit here in the first part of the year. But besides those items, I don't think there are many other items in gross margin that would have an impact. 
David Tehle: Yes. I think I'll have to go back to my earlier comment that we know we have items in 2014, the team share, the Affordable Care Act and the sale-leaseback that are having an impact, particularly on our SG&A and our operating profit [ph] if you go to the bottom line. That should be more normalized as we get outside of 2014. But again, beyond that, we're just not giving guidance over and beyond 2014 at this point in time. 
David Tehle: Yes. Our IMU was definitely better, and our net purchase cost, ultimately, was better in the quarter than we had in our original guidance forecast. And I think there are a whole variety of factors that go into that, Meredith. And quite honestly, it's a little hard to dissect and say exactly how much is due to what, but you're definitely hitting on it there. A piece of it would be a little better activity going on in our foreign sourcing. We continue to expand products that we're sourcing other places. We now do trash bags out of Thailand, crackers out of Colombia. We have $1 pasta out of Italy. We're doing some $1 lotions out of Mexico. It goes on and on. So we continue to be very, very, very innovative with what we're doing with our foreign sourcing. And then I think just the merchants and the buyers did a better job overall in terms of the -- how they were able to partner with the vendors and the types of deals that they were able to get for Dollar General. So I think it's a whole variety of things. 
David Tehle: We still have a lot of opportunity in our private label, our foreign sourcing and our shrink. Again, let's not forget shrink because shrink, unfortunately, has been going the other way now for several quarters. So again, we continue to work those areas. And I think the question we have, Meredith, and we've talked about this before, is how much of that do we invest in price, staying true to EDLP, driving units to the box and growing margin versus letting fall to the bottom line because we've said publicly several times that the most important thing for us is making sure we are the EDLP operator and that we continue to grow our market share. So we'll have decisions to make on those private label, sourcing, et cetera, the pluses we get there, how much of that do we let fall through and how much of it do we invest in price. 
David Tehle: There are other opportunities in our real estate area to do that if we wanted to. We don't have any plans right now to capitalize on that at this point in time. So I would say just stay tuned, and it may be something that we'll do in the future as we evaluate doing incremental share buybacks. I do want to stress, when we do something like that, and we demonstrated this with what we did when we closed the deal in January, the main reason for doing that is buying back stock, taking that cash and buying back stock. And that's exactly how we funded -- the $200 million that we have already bought back in the fiscal first quarter came from that, the funds from the sale-leaseback. 
