Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, Kayla, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Todd Vasos, our CEO; and John Garratt, our CFO. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call for questions. Our earnings release issued today can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com under Investor Information, News and Events. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, future estimates and other nonhistorical matters, including, but not limited to, our fiscal 2016 diluted EPS guidance; fiscal 2016 and '17 store growth; initiative, capital allocation strategy and related expectations; our long-term financial growth model; and future economic trends or conditions. Forward-looking statements can be identified because they are not statements of historical facts or use words such as outlook, may, believe, anticipate, expect, will, would, plan, going forward, looking ahead, estimate or goal and similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans, intentions or beliefs about future matters. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those projected by our forward-looking statements are included in our earnings release issued this morning, our 2015 10-K filed on March 22, 2016, and our most recent 10-Q filed today and in the comments that are made on this call. We encourage you to read these documents. You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call, except as may be otherwise required by law or as described under the heading Financial Outlook set forth in our earnings press release issued today.  Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Todd. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: Hey, Alan, it's Mary Winn. Hey, Alan, I'm sorry to interrupt, but we're having a real hard time hearing you. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: Operator, I think if we've hit the top of the hour, let's probably go end our call now. So I want to thank everybody for being on the call. And if you have any questions, Matt and I are both around, so please feel free to give me or Matt a call. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Mike, that's a great question. As we came out of October and then into November, we saw continued traction from those initiatives. It was great to see that our pricing initiatives start to really take hold as well as all the initiatives that we really launched in early '16 around our merchandising pieces. Those continue to gain traction throughout the year and especially in the third quarter and now into the fourth. But keep in mind that we are still seeing those headwinds from the SNAP participation rates being down as well as deflation. So a little choppiness is probably the right way to look at it, but we're very encouraged on how we see our initiatives taking hold and taking shape. And again, as we saw our comp sales improving throughout the quarter and especially in October and now moving into November, we feel good about a lot of the initiatives that we put in place. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, that's another great question, because as we stated earlier on, it takes a little time for these price investments to take hold with the consumer. But the great thing is, as we move through Q3, we saw the units transactions and sales starting to build momentum. And actually, as we exited Q3 and entered Q4, we even saw a further acceleration of that. Whereas, we have actually crossed over where we're now returning pretty nicely on our investment. So again, in the quarter, quarter 3, we spent a little bit to get it moving. But now, it's really starting to pick up, so we feel good about where it's headed. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The real thing to look at there is that a lot of our initiatives coming into the year 2016 were around those traffic-driving areas. So again, around perishables in the food areas and immediate consumption. So while we're facing great headwinds on deflation there, what we're starting to see is that those initiatives are overtaking even some of those deflationary pressures. But make no mistake, those headwinds are pretty strong, and that's why we said we feel pretty good about where we're headed because those initiatives are really taking hold in those categories. And as we look at this pretty transitory. And as those deflationary pressures hopefully start to ease mid next year, when we pop out of the other side, we should be in very good shape. Because the initiatives that we deployed to include some of the traffic-driving initiatives around our pricing that we've recently implemented are in a lot of those consumable, high-discretionary categories that are out there for the consumer. So I think, all in all, we made the right decisions. And as we come out of this, we should be in a much better shape. 
Todd Vasos: John, we're continue to monitoring the investment that we did make in pricing. Remember, it's really only a quarter old right now. And while we're very pleased and we're gaining traction, we're going to continue to monitor it to ensure that we've got the right items and is driving the proper returns that we expect to get from that. So I think, it's fair to say that we'll continue to monitor that for a bit longer. And as you look at it, yes, we see that when you look at the competitive environment for Q2, it's been about -- or I'm sorry, in Q3, it's been about the same as Q2. So overall, I would tell you that it's aggressive out there, but not anymore than we've seen in Q2. And I'm sure, when we monitor prices, everyone monitors prices and we look at what everyone else is doing. But I can tell you that what we're squarely focused on is what we can control and driving traffic into our stores and being there for our consumer. So we're pretty pleased on what we've seen so far. 
Todd Vasos: Well, when we look at the 450-or-so items that we've taken price on, I can tell you that in face of deflation, we're still seeing the entire store really start to react in a real positive manner on the sales side. Some of those items are not reacting the way we thought. We'll roll some off. We'll roll some new ones on. And as you could imagine, some that have heavy deflationary pressures, the top line may not be as robust. But again, it's not always about the sales piece right off hand. Eventually, it is, but it's about driving traffic and units to the store. And we've always said that we're going to do everything we have to do to drive traffic, John. And we continue to do that because we believe through any economic cycle, whether it be deflationary or inflation, that if you're there for the consumer when she needs you the most, that when you come out the other side of those economic times, she's going to stick with you. We've proven that time and time again, and I believe this will be no different. 
Todd Vasos: Again, when you look at -- in aggregate, we look at it by geographic area and, of course, in aggregate. And again, we're pretty happy with what we're seeing there. And the great thing about the comps in those stores, that it's lifting both consumables and nonconsumables. It started with more of the consumable areas, as you can imagine. But as we started to build not only units going through the register because of the better prices, when we started to see traffic start to increase because word of mouth getting out there plus our advertising, we're now starting to see transactions start to move through and more sales. So we're pretty happy with where it is right now. It's still early, but it's doing exactly what we thought it would do. And actually, on the sales side, maybe a little bit better than we thought it would do this early on. 
Todd Vasos: We're very much a real disciplined company, and we want to make sure that we're doing exactly what's right for the profitability of the company at the end of the day. So we're -- this is a real test and learn for us, right? But it's a pretty big one, 17% of the store base today has these prices in it. So I think, it's prudent to give in a little bit more time to percolate, if you will, and to continue to grow. And as that happens and we see it performing the way we think it's going to perform, then as we get into next year, I think we'll continue to look at ways to expand that and to be there for our customer to continue to give her that everyday low price that she needs. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, when we look at it, it was about the same when we look at our SNAP-affected states. I'll give you a little color. Really, what's interesting here is a lot like Q2, Q3 was pretty close to about the same. But if you look at it, it affects about 56% of our store base in the states that have reduced or eliminated these SNAP benefits. And those states that have had the reduction or elimination, they are approximately 100 basis points worse in comp. That gives you a real good idea of how impactful those SNAP benefits reductions have been. Again, we feel it's transitory. We'll move through that as we move through 2017. But right now, that's why we've really taken a real hard look at reducing prices for those core consumers, especially in and around those states because they need us right now based on what we see. 
Todd Vasos: When you look at it though, we feel pretty good about a lot of the initiatives that we got in play. We feel good about, early on, the initiatives for 2017 as we start to really shape those up. We had a little bit of a Halloween drag in Q3 that moved into Q4 for us. And not to make any excuses, but there's definitely some headwinds there. But I think what we're really focused on here is a lot of the great things that we have moving that we believe are going to be real positive to our same-store sales as we move into 2017 and some of these transitory effects start to abate and we start to see that the consumer starts to come back in the store as well as those deflationary pressures starting to ease. Over the long term, we believe that we can have comps in that 2 to 4 range over the long term. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, this is Todd. Let me -- I'll take the second one first and have John quantify that Halloween impact for you. Right now, with the stay that is out there, we have communicated to our stores that we're in a holding pattern for right now to see exactly what happens in the courts and see exactly what transpires. So we are on hold, and the operating group has done a fabulous job in communicating that to our folks. And we're in a wait and see. So we, like you, will wait and see what happens. But at the end of the day, we always do what's right for our employees, right? And again, that's one of our 4 operating priorities is really taking care of our people. So we'll do what's right by them as we continue to move into '17. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Again, overwhelmingly, the Dollar General traditional store, that 7,300-square-foot store that we talk about, will be the dominant, by far, the dominant player there. I believe, we're going to have about 150 to 160 of the smaller format stores next year in key metro and rural areas to augment that. But overall, it'll be that 7,300-square-foot store. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, interestingly, we talk to our consumers each and every quarter through panel data as well as we bring them in and talk to them in general. And I can tell you, as late as mid-third quarter, they were telling us that their sentiment, feeling is even more dire than it was in previous quarters in early 2016. And what they're citing and continue to cite is the rising health care costs that they're facing. I don't believe any of our core customers realize what they were up against on those rising costs. And then rental costs continue, and they called that out second on paying rent. Because most of our, again, core customers rent, don't own, and those rents are going up across the nation at a pretty high rate. And they have to continue to allocate their spending. So anywhere they are saving, they are doing some things a little differently than they've done before. For instance, they're investing in smartphone technology at a greater rate than we've ever seen. And those come with an expense, as we all know, a monthly expense. And so the little bit of money that she does may have, from maybe lower gas prices and some other tailwinds, she is moving into a little bit of a technology world herself very slowly, albeit, but she is moving there. So we're hearing a lot of the same things we've heard over the last couple quarters, but what was interesting to us was that she was feeling worse off today, middle of the third quarter, than she was earlier in the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. As we look at the entire box, and we've got one of the most robust category management processes and teams in consumable retailing today. They do a great job in evaluating each and every year what should be inside of our stores and what those initiatives should be. And we've always said that the consumable initiatives and the consumable products will drive traffic, and our nonconsumable businesses will drive the basket. We see that no differently. And actually, we've seen our nonconsumable business tail off along with our consumable business, as that customer pulled back and especially in the SNAP-affected states. In saying that, a lot of our initiatives for this year and next year are both in consumables and in nonconsumables. Because we believe that you have to have a fine balance between the 2 to really round out the shopping experience for the consumer. And so we're looking at it really no differently. Now in consumables, there may be some differences in some of the products that we bring in because, again, our consumers are starting to look for better-for-you, more healthy, a little bit more fresh products. And the great thing about having the market stores, 150 or 160 market stores that we have as well as our Plus stores, we're able to infuse the best learnings and products into our traditional store from those formats. So there isn't any test-and-learn periods. We know what works, and we continue to bring those type of products to market in our 7,300-square-foot store. And you'll see even more of that, maybe even in a low accelerated rate as we move into 2017 because, again, our consumer preferences are changing. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The health and beauty initiative, especially around health, has been one of our really shining stars of 2016 so far. Those initiatives have been doing very well. Remember, they fall into our consumable world as it relates to how we report and how you see those numbers, and they've been doing well. But we still believe we have a lot of opportunity there, and a lot of it really revolves around awareness. And while we've made great strides over the last 5 to 6 years on building loyalty in our HBA areas, we believe we still have a lot to go, not only in SKU proliferation there, probably more awareness and the ability for our consumers to know we have the products that she needs. And the great thing is, it's at a fabulous price, especially to our competition in the drug side and the grocery side of the equation. So as she learns and sees that those products are there, and she sees the great price, we've got her for life. And I think it's about awareness for her, and that's what we're going to work on into 2017. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. A little bit different time and date, but I could tell you that it's a lot like 2013. I could tell you, though, that what we saw in '13 versus '16 is transactions actually start to get more traction this time around than even in 2013, which has probably translated into a little bit better of a sale than we thought we were going to get by now and just moving into a profitable ROI on that. So it's actually ramped up a little faster. And I think, a lot of that also has to do with -- we were a little bit more aggressive this time on how we communicated that to the consumer as well as our operating group did a fabulous job executing, signing packages as well as our other in-store communication. So while I'd love to be able to compare it, it is a little bit different. But I can tell you that we're happy with what we've seen so far. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We, again, as I mentioned earlier, we go out and talk to the customers each and every quarter. And again, I believe that the majority of what we communicated to everyone earlier in the year pretty well is still well intact as far as the consumer is concerned, except for the notion that she may be a little worse off today economically than she was even earlier in the year. At least, her sentiment is a little less positive. But in saying that, we're still seeing our -- what we affectionately call our BFF, which is our core best customers, continue to really resonate with our everyday low price. And through Q3, with all the traffic-driving initiatives we did, what really stuck and resonated the most was everyday low price. And that really goes to show you that the segmentation work that we do is right on in key, and that is our best customers look to us to deliver everyday low price first, because she needs to count on us each and every day. But in -- but beyond that, we're still seeing a healthy customer base outside of our core. Some of our reach customers, we're still seeing trade in and trade down-type customers coming in, and we're still seeing a decent millennial-type customer that really just started to emerge. And that's some of the reasons we're looking at even more better-for-you and healthier as well as maybe some fresh options as we go forward because that consumer is really starting to emerge as a real player here at Dollar General. 
John Garratt: Good questions. To start with the question around real estate. The way we see it now, this is something we watch very closely, monitor the sales performance and the returns. And we continue, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we continue to see the stores open as expected at the 80% to 85% sales productivity. We continue to see the returns above 20% above our target. We continue to see paybacks in less than 2 years. And given the low-risk, low-cost, high-return opportunity we see here, we're proceeding, but watching it very carefully and understand that this is something that we could dial back quickly if needed. But based on the great results we continue to see and the belief that the pressures on the comps are largely transitory in nature, we don't see a need to do that thus far part, but we'll closely manage that. And in terms of the second question around zero-based budgeting, our ability to dial back that even more, we're very pleased with the performance that we've seen with zero-based budgeting. When you consider in the difficult environment we've been operating, the team's done a phenomenal job managing costs, looking at everything through the lens of, does it touch the customer? Is it in line with our strategic priorities? Does not doing this put the business at risk? And so were -- we have, and we're going to continue to go after all the cost we can, continually but thoughtfully, and making sure that over time, we're also -- as we manage the business for the long term, investing in those initiatives that will drive long-term growth. But rest assured, the team is hard at work on zero-based budgeting. It's performing better than expected this year. When you consider it, if you exclude the impact of the relocations of the acquired stores and the disaster-related costs, we would be leveraging our SG&A at 0.9% comp versus the stated target at the beginning of the year where we lowered it from 3.5% to -- and creeping up toward 4% to 2.5% to 3%. So we're ahead of schedule. We feel great about what we've done. But we'd be very balanced going forward in doing the right things for the business for the right long term. 
John Garratt: Sure. So after driving 6 straight quarters of expansion in Q3, we did have contraction of 49 basis points in Q3. The key drivers there were markdown, mix and inventory shrink. Markdowns, being the most significant driver, as it was listed first. And that was both in consumables and nonconsumables, first is we moved through inventory with clearance and markdowns to keep the inventory fresh. The good news here is that the quality of the inventory is in great shape. And then also with the tougher sales environment in Q3, we had additional promotional activity, as we mentioned, with the goal of driving the top line and are pleased with the results we're seeing and the learnings we've captured from that to be more targeted, more focused on targeted pricing and EDLP and optimizing the spend for maximum results going forward. And again, pleased with the momentum we saw coming out of the quarter and into this quarter. So those were the key drivers there. We feel like with the actions we've taken here, that's the best actions for the long term. And I think with the learnings going forward, we'll be able to be more targeted with this and continue to see opportunity over the long term. Managing the various levers, we continue to see opportunity to reduce shrink over time, supply chain efficiencies, strong category management and opportunities around increased foreign sourcing and private-label penetration as we look at the long term. 
John Garratt: In terms of the Halloween shift, the impact, we believe it to be about 20 basis points impact on comps. And the Halloween shift had to do with 2 fewer selling days this quarter as the quarter ended on October 28 this year versus October 30 of last year, so about 20 basis points. 
John Garratt: Yes. So bear in mind, the model is a long-term growth model, and that's really where our focus is on over the long term. And we said from time to time, we will, as needed, make investments to do what's right to drive traffic and to drive that long-term growth. And so we'll do what we need to in that regard. But as I step back and just look at the fundamentals of the business, I still feel great about this business as you look at the organic growth opportunity, the great returns we continue to see from the new stores, with the actions we're taking to reinvigorate the comp sales growth and with all the levers we have in gross margin and SG&A with the addition of zero-based budgeting and with the tremendous amount of cash this business throws off that we can reinvest in new stores, in the business, while comparing -- providing a very compelling total shareholder return with the addition of dividends and share repurchases. Feel great about the model and the long-term prospects, but it's a long-term model. We'll do what we need to, invest where we need to along the way. 
John Garratt: Yes. So in terms of 2017, we're still in the budgeting process and weren't going to provide any updates on that at this stage. We will in the next call. But again, with gross margin, our focus is on the long term here and continue to see a lot of opportunities managing the various levers and look to balance gross margin on SG&A to offset things. So certainly, in a challenging environment, you do have the pressure of delivering that everyday low price. But we have a lot of other levers that we will look to manage effectively, as we have in the past, to balance that out to drive that growth while delivering bottom line results. 
