Mary Winn Gordon: On the call today are Rick Dreiling, our Chairman and CEO and David Tehle, our Chief Financial Officer. We will first go through our prepared remarks and then we’ll open up the call for questions. Before Rick begins, this morning we filed a preliminary prospective supplement related to a potential secondary offering by several of our existing shareholders of up to 25 million shares of our common stock plus up to an additional 3.75 million shares to cover over allotment. No shares would be sold by the company.  This offer is pending and there can be no assurances as to when it may be completed if at all. We will not comment further in our prepared remarks regarding the offer, nor will we address it in the Q&A sessions that follows, so in advance thank you for not asking about this topic.  Let me caution that today’s comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, objectives, anticipated financial and operating results and other matters. For example, our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 financial and capital expenditures, forecasts, our comments regarding planned 2011 and 2012 merchandising, operations, expense control, and store growth initiatives, and comments regarding our expected consumer and economic trends are forward-looking statements.  You can identify forward-looking statements because they do not relate solely to historical matters or they contain words such as believe, anticipate, project, plan, expect, forecast, guidance, intend, the likely results, or will continue and similar statements. Because they are subject to significant risks and uncertainties we cannot assure you that forward-looking statements will prove to be correct or that any trends will continue.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements are included in our third quarter earnings release issued this morning, in our 2010 10K filed on March 22, 2011 and in the comments that will be made on this call. You should not unduly rely on these statements which speak only as of today’s date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call.  We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning’s earnings press release which can be found on our website www.DollarGeneral.com under investor information press releases. This information is not a substitute for the GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.  It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Rick.
Mary Winn Gordon: Earlier in the year we had stated what that was back at the time that we first issued our guidance. 
Mary Winn Gordon: I think that will wrap it up for us from a time standpoint but thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today and thank you for your interest in Dollar General. Please feel free to give me a call if there’s anything that I can help you with.
Richard W. Dreiling: That’s actually a great question. We’re right around 10,000 SKUs now if you count the in and out seasonal items. We actually think that’s the right SKU count. Our category management process is very robust and when we raise the profile to 78 inches that allowed us the ability to expand and contract different categories. My team does what’s called [HEAP] mapping where we go in and not only look at how SKUs and categories perform in terms of sales but we also look at it in terms of margin. It’s very much an evolutionary process. We’ve expanded some categories on both the consumable side and the non-consumable side and we’ve contracted categories in the consumable and non-consumable side. It’s very much an evolutionary thing. But the SKU count we have right now, we think is the right amount.
Richard W. Dreiling: Another good question. I think what we’re discovering in this economic time is that non-consumable items that are less discretionary that I have to have are doing much better than a purchase I can put off. I have to have socks, and I have to have underwear but I don’t have to have a brand new pair of jeans. I don’t have to have that fancy hanging item. What we’re doing here is really when I called this out it was interesting in that the core non-consumable items are starting to do pretty good again.
Richard W. Dreiling: I actually think John that staying with the basic things is going to attract every customer. Everybody has got to have socks, everybody has got to have t-shirts. By staying focused on that I actually think we might be broadening our appeal.
Richard W. Dreiling: I’ll take it and David will probably piggyback with me. I think the technology being installed was of course the first piece of all of this, the most important piece. But what the labor management system is allowing us to do is step back, analyze what we are doing and believe it or not eliminate unproductive work as well as allocating the work properly through the store. So we still think we have lots of legs yet on that. The energy management system, we continue to have many stores in the chain we haven’t gotten that installed in yet so there’s still an upside there also.
Richard W. Dreiling: I think as we look at our capital structure and first and foremost, and I’ve said this many times, our number one priority continues to be investing in the business. Our opening new stores, doing relocations, remodels, and having the infrastructure to support the stores both inside and out whether that be distribution centers or creative innovative things we’re doing within the four walls of the store.  We’ve reached the point now on our debt levels, and after having some meetings with the credit rating agencies in September where we feel like the overhang issue with Buck Holdings will probably prevent us from being investment grade until we do something about that. We also believe because of where we are on our ratios we can go out in the marketplace and get if not investment grade interest rates, very, very close to investment grade interest rates and that’s the main reason we want to be investment grade anyway, is to get the lower price financing. We think this is an opportunity to return cash to our shareholders in a very productive way. Again, as we mentioned, it will include a direct purchase from Buck Holdings which addresses the issues with the credit rating agencies. And ultimately down the road should leverage us to a formal investment grade.
Richard W. Dreiling: What we don’t want to be long term Joe is a 7,100 square foot grocery store. We’ve said that all along, the importance of getting the non-consumable side to be as productive as the consumable side. Having said that though, our whole merchandising strategy is building around letting the customer vote with what they’ve got in their pocketbook when they’ve got it. So I’ve never really stood up and said, “Geeze, I’d feel really good if it was 60/40, 75/25,” or whatever. We’re going to let the customer decide that.  But what we’re going to continue to do is work on ways of taking costs out so we can pass it on to consumer in terms of everyday low price. As we get better on the non-consumable side I think we’re going to see that start to accelerate again. Remember, also the work we’ve done on the consumables side has been the [inaudible] items we’ve introduced, all of the private brands we’ve introduced, the whole $1 items we’ve introduced in consumables and GA. We’ve actually caught some of this ourselves.
Richard W. Dreiling: I think too when you look at the consumable and non-consumable mix in the third quarter, the rate of movement into the consumables side actually slowed down a little bit compared to the two previous quarters of the year. 
Richard W. Dreiling: I continue to be pleased with the beer and wine. We’re in about 3,500 stores now or about 40% of our chain. I will tell you when beer is in the basket those stores have a 1% additional comp so we’re real pleased with what we’re seeing.
Richard W. Dreiling: That’s really a good question. I’ll tell you [Static] got this morning that blew me away is that the number of dollar stores is now larger than the number of drug stores in the United States today which is the first time that’s happened. I think obviously there is a saturation point but our work now tells us that there’s 8,000 existing opportunities in the states we’re in. There’s another 3,000 to 3,500 opportunities in the states we’re not in. So there’s 11,000 opportunities to grab out there. The other advantage to our model is they don’t have to be 25 or 30 miles apart. They can be much closer together because our trade areas is smaller. Remember, one of the driving pieces of this model is not only the value equation the customer gets but the convenience angle as well.
Richard W. Dreiling: As a matter of fact it’s interesting you brought it up, we talked the last quarter about our core customer, the trade in customer, and the trade down customer. The trade down customer and the trade in customer are still our fastest growing segments right now. When I say that, I don’t want to lose sight of the fact that our core customers is still 59% of our shoppers and still 83% of our sales. But this idea that people are trading down and trading in and sticking, that is playing out. 
Richard W. Dreiling: I wouldn’t expect it to be any different to be honest with you. We are entering two entirely big markets here so I think I need to give you a little more view on that when we get a little closer but I’d model it the same way for now.
Richard W. Dreiling: Yes, it’s more of the good stuff to be honest about it paper, chemical, a lot of food items. What we’re really watching, as I’ve said before, is particularly price points. The dollar price point is very, very critical for our customer and everything we’re doing is exactly like we’ve said all along. We make our price adjustments and if we see a significant erosion in units we back it back off.
Richard W. Dreiling: I need to reflect on that one for a minute. I mean logically, yes. I have to say as I think about it while we’ve made some improvements there’s enough areas out there where we still have to work on it so I think it’s going to be a period of time using sourcing, allocating the space, getting a little more work done on allocation of space and then I think we’ll get there. I don’t want to be a 7,100 square foot grocery store and it’s one of those things we have to work our way through to yet.
David M. Tehle: The only thing I’d add to that is this task tracking and compliance, this electronic to-do list that’s available in workforce management is very impressive, it’s called the START program, store task assignment response tool and it really allows the DMs and the stores to keep track of what should be getting done, reporting back on it and seeing what is and isn’t getting done. Again, we’re just starting to use these tools and the third quarter is when we finally got this installed in the whole chain so now the learnings begin and the productivity comes out of these tools. I still think we have a ways to go before they’re fully productive.
David M. Tehle: We’re still seeing our developers do a great job for us overall. Again, we set aggressive goals at the beginning of the year and we meet those goals and we reaffirmed our guidance on the store openings for this year so we’re feeling good about that. Having said that, one of the byproducts of the store buy back of course is it does give a little more capital out there to the developers and I think long term the back half of your question there on the store buy back, at some point we might bundle some of these stores and do some type of financing transaction with them. But, we’re in no hurry to do that. Again, the stores that we have bought back have been outstanding stores that we want to keep for a very long time.
David M. Tehle: We continue to build our sourcing efforts and we’ve mentioned before, we’re looking in different areas of China going more north and more western in terms of where our presence is going to be. But just to give you a flavor of some of the things that have happened very recently in the breadth of what we’re doing, we’re sourcing pickles out of India right now. We’re doing aluminum foil out of China, denim shirts out of Kenya, and bandanas out of Pakistan. So we continue to really expand our foreign sourcing efforts and we see that even getting broader and broader as we move forward in this effort. So stay tuned there, we still think there’s a lot of legs on foreign sourcing. And of course, as you know that helps take costs out of the business any time we take an item and take it over seas.
David M. Tehle: I think the key on the DG Market is the sales volume that it generates. Keep in mind a DG Market has an average sale of $4 to $5 million versus the $1.4 that we see out of our regular box. We have several stores that last year in fiscal year 2010 produced over $9 million in sales so this is the volume piece of the equation in terms of what it provides to us. The raw margin dollars and profit margin dollars that we get out of a DG Market is very impressive. Now, the mix is more consumable so the margin percent is somewhat lower but again the dollars, the raw dollars we get because of the volume is very impressive. We also think there’s an opportunity in smaller markets that are what we call food deserts to add tremendous volume where we can go into a town that really needs a DG Market and get a lot of volume and get a lot of market share. That’s really the way we’re playing the DG Market. 
David M. Tehle: As we look at the third quarter obviously the three big impacts were the LIFO charge that we had, the sales mix that you mentioned and then the transportation costs because of the price of fuel. Again, as we look at fourth quarter we see, in terms of the impact, fairly similar to what we’ve seen the first part of the year overall in terms of the basis points that we’re anticipating to be leveraging in the fourth quarter. So we do see that continuing as we move forward into the fourth quarter.
David M. Tehle: I think again, as we look at next year there are two pieces of the debt to talk about. The first one is the revolver, our asset based lending revolver, and that becomes due in July of 2013. So as we enter next year we’ll be looking at refinancing that and obviously that’s just a refinancing and a lot of that will depend on the market and how we see interest rates going when we think would be an opportune time to do that. On the sub debt, the $450 million of subordinated debt, you’re probably aware we can purchase that on a [105] price in July of next year. The current thought process on that more than likely is that we’ll do a refinancing on it and roll it into some type of much lower cost debt than the interest rate than it’s at. Again, the feeling is based on what we’re hearing from the credit rating agencies that the goal of getting the overhang out of Buck is probably what’s more important than taking debt down in terms of getting us to investment grade so we’re focusing a little bit more on that overall. Of course, we’re very comfortable with our debt and where it is today and the leverage ratios that the company is living under.
David M. Tehle: It looks like 96% of them are in existing markets and 4% in new markets in terms of what we’re doing right now. Next year, and again this can change as we go forward, but you’re probably looking at somewhere about 10% in new markets 90% in existing markets.
David M. Tehle: We have several things we’re working on in terms of offsets and of course we haven’t finished our budgeting process yet so it’s a little preliminary to lock and load on any number of certainly the labor standards from workforce management will continue to help us as we move forward and as I mentioned earlier as we mature in terms of using that and understanding that tool and using it even better we think there is still more to come out of that.  The energy management systems that were mentioned again, right now we’re thinking we’ll be in a little over 8,000 stores at the end of fourth quarter and as we roll into next year you’ll get the impact of having those in the stores for a full year and then we’ll obviously finish up putting them in the stores. We think there’s still room in damages in terms of how we receive the product from vendors and then just the full court press on things like supplies, shopping bag usage, maintenance in the stores, rent, continuing to look at ways to take costs out of rent as we renegotiate contracts. So a lot of things going on that should help provide offsets to the items I mentioned earlier. 
