Todd Vasos: Thank you, Jennifer, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We ended 2018 on a strong sales note, with a 4% comp in the fourth quarter. While we certainly faced various challenges throughout the year, we believe 2018 was a great year for our employees, our shareholders, and we remained squarely focused on taking care of our customers. As we head into 2019, we are excited to have so many new opportunities ahead of us.  During today's call, I will cover 5 main topics. I'll start with key highlights from the fourth quarter results. Then I'll update you on our progress and outlook for our digital and non-consumable initiatives. Third, I'll lay out 2 new strategic initiatives we are excited to be launching. Fourth, I'll give you an update on the results we are achieving with our operating priorities. And finally, I'll finish with our operating plans for fiscal 2019.  John will provide you with some 2018 financial highlights, guidance for fiscal 2019 and our perspective on Dollar General's long-term growth.  Turning to our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial performance. We delivered a very strong top line in the fourth quarter, with net sales increasing 8.5% to $6.6 billion compared to net sales of $6.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full fiscal year, net sales increased 9.2% to $25.6 billion compared to net sales of $23.5 billion in fiscal 2017. The strong net sales performance throughout fiscal 2018 was a balance between performance from both new stores and mature stores.  During 2018, we continued to gain market share in highly consumable product sales, which was a key driver of our strong sales performance. Syndicated data shows that we had mid- to high single-digit growth in both units and dollars over the 4, 12, 24 and 52-week periods ending January 26, 2019.  For full year comp sales, we posted a 3.2% growth rate for fiscal 2018, marking our 29th consecutive year of same-store sales growth. Given the overall strength of the economy in 2018, this continued growth underscores our belief that our business model can perform well in all economic cycles.  We are proud to continue our legacy of serving the underserved by providing them with the value and convenience that they have come to expect from Dollar General. As I mentioned, we finished the year with a very strong 4% same-store sales growth rate in the fourth quarter. This growth resulted in our highest 2-year stack in 21 quarters and our third consecutive quarter of accelerated 2-year comp stack growth.  The fourth quarter top line performance was driven by growth in both average transaction amount and customer traffic. This quarter's average transaction amount growth included expansion in average unit retail and increased units per basket. Driving profitable traffic is paramount to the health of our business over the long term. This quarter, we took steps to continue providing our customers with terrific value and focused on promotional activities that allowed us to take share for multiple classes of trade. We believe we can sustain these share gains in 2019, and that these investments attracted customers who will continue to shop at Dollar General.  These actions were especially important in the fourth quarter, given the increased seasonal sales volumes seen across retail industry during this time of year. We achieved our goals of growing traffic and market share and continue to broaden our overall customer base. We were also pleased to deliver another quarter of solid growth in non-consumables. We are particularly excited about our performance in the home category, which led overall comp growth in the fourth quarter. The team is doing a great job in this category, which led to our best performance in home in many years. This is the first time in quite a while that we've seen a non-consumable category outcomp consumable growth.  During the fourth quarter, we believe same-store sales benefited from the acceleration of February SNAP payments during the government shutdown. Based upon an analysis of EBT sales, we estimated this created an approximate 70 basis point benefit for same-store sales. As we head into 2019, we believe we have compelling opportunities to gain more market share, drive profitable traffic to our conveniently-located stores and deliver more of the products our customer seeks at the value she needs. We remain focused on these opportunities, and after John's discussion, I look forward to sharing how we are targeting our efforts in 2019.  With that, I will now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Vinnie. I would tell you, we talk to our core customer each and every quarter. And while she is feeling better about having a bit more money in her pocket, she continues to tell us that it is definitely from productivity, meaning working more hours and in some cases, multiple jobs. But what she is also telling us is that she is feeling a little less confident than she was at the middle of last year to the end of last year, which gives us a little bit of pause from the standpoint that we think that our core customers are starting to weaken a little bit, which obviously we do very well in all economic cycles. So we're positioning ourselves for the back half of the year for a little weaker consumer as we move through the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I'll start and then turn it over to John for '19. We really went after some targeted markdowns in Q4. As you know, Q4 has the highest traffic count across retail, not only at Dollar General. And we've got a track record here of working the price levers pretty well, and we know which ones to work for the stickiness of the customer, meaning we pulled some promotional levers in the fourth quarter that we believe will sustain that traffic growth into Q1 without having to be nearly as aggressive. And we thought -- we went at it from a position of strength, and we saw a real opportunity to take share as we went through Q4. It did exactly what we thought it would do and positions us very well going into the first quarter here in 2019. 
Todd Vasos: Michael, thanks for the question. As you know, here at Dollar General, we do everything very methodically, and we make sure that it has a solid return before we move to a broad scale rollout. In saying that, we really like what we see from DG Fresh early on, and we have great confidence in our Fast Track momentum as well, especially around some of the digital efforts that we have to include the self-checkout option that will be coming. In saying that, as John indicated, we believe that these initiatives will become accretive as we move into next year, so it should help offset some of those pressures as we continue a broader scale rollout. A little bit of a pay as you go, if you will, type of a rollout schedule. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, thanks for the question. I would tell you that we're very happy with not only our new store pipeline, but our remodel relocation pipeline as well, and I think you're thinking of it right in that because of the ramp-up of our remodels, especially in the DGTP format to include produce in many of those stores, we're closer to the high end. I wouldn't say that we have broken out of that at the range that we talked about, but we're more at the high end of that range with some of the work that we've done. 
Todd Vasos: No, that's exactly what we're saying. We have not seen a dollar-for-dollar impact. I think that really goes to what I talked about earlier, some of those investments we made in markdown being very sticky. And we know our customer very well, and when you get to change her shopping patterns, she sticks with that. And we saw that as we moved into Q1. 
Todd Vasos: I'll take the first one, but we really aren't talking really much about Q1 right now, obviously. But I would frame it this way. We feel very confident in our top line sales due to all of the initiatives that we have in place, including the investment we made in Q4. And just keep in mind, March has an Easter shift in it. I think that's important towards the end of the month. But for us, we'll equalize as we move through April. So we're bullish about the quarter, but we have a lot of quarter left to go. And John, you may want to address the other one. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So why now? I think the best way to answer that is that we continue to expand our cooler program here. It's been one of the biggest traffic drivers and one of our biggest comp drivers that we've seen. We have a series of distributors out there today across the country, and those distributors do a nice job for us. But it comes at a cost, and that cost is very high, as you can imagine. In many cases, it's a full-service program. So we see a real opportunity from a position of strength right now to take that in-house and control your own destiny. And the way we see sales and margin enhancement here is a couple of ways. Number one, on margin, not having to pay that very hefty upcharge. We're going to build a bank, the majority of that with the little labor that we're putting into the stores to help work the goods, again coming off of the full-service program. But margins will be very accretive with this program. And then the second thing is sales. What you're going to see is our ability, one, to stay in stock; number two, longer term what you're going to find from us, as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, is going to be a different assortment that's going to really take into account a lot of our private brand offerings, which will help our margins and our sales. But also on items that we don't carry today because of the distributor network that we have. So we're very excited about this. This is probably one of the biggest margin opportunities we'll have shorter term to really move the needle here. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. So the way we look at customer and customer traffic again, as I have mentioned, we talk to our customer every quarter. What she was telling us is that she was feeling a little weaker than she was middle of the year, and we took an opportunity from a position of strength to take share. We saw where we could take share in many different [ DMAs ] across the country. And we thought the best way to do that, which turned out to work pretty nicely, was to do it on a promotional basis because we feel very confident in our everyday shelf pricing that we have today. And so we did it on a promotional basis. And we know this customer very well. We know if we could change her shopping patterns, especially in the busy fourth quarter where we have her attention, she is very sticky. She'll stay with us. And I think we've seen some of that as we entered Q1, evidenced by the [ knock ] per dollar to dollar trade-off back on SNAP as an example. So we believe that it did exactly what we thought. And we've said in the past, we reserve the right to go in and make these investments periodically to continue to drive traffic and continue to take share, and that's exactly what we did in Q4. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, it was pretty stable throughout the quarter. The back half, a little stronger than the first. But I would tell you, we are pleased overall with the traffic in Q4. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, that's a great question. And I would first start by saying that as we look at the DG Fresh initiative, we see a real opportunity to driving both the top line and the margin. So I would look at it this way. It will be a significant margin driver as we move into 2020 and beyond, and that's really driven primarily off of the distributor cost that we pay today, which has a substantial upcharge attached to it, substantial. And as we work with our vendors, which we've got relationships with all of them, what we're finding in the first 300 stores and the first DC that we put in were substantial reductions in cost of goods to move the product into our own DC and distribute it ourself. So I think you would need to look at it that way. On the top line, I think it will be a meaningful top line contributor as well as we continue to be better in stock because we know how to distribute goods. Fresh, shelf-stable, whatever it may be, controlling our own destiny there gives us high confidence that we can execute at a much higher level than we were seeing across the country. We have some distribution voids, quite frankly, across the country, and we still do with our distributor network because it is so complex and so large. By taking it in-house, we believe it will simplify our network and be able to execute that much better. And as you continue to look out, we see opening these DCs about the same pace as 2019, so an average of 5,000 to 6,000 stores a year for the foreseeable future until we're built out. And we believe that these fresh distribution centers, we will be able to leverage as well some of our dry goods that perhaps we can deliver out of there as well, taking some of the pressure off of our larger DCs. So we believe it's a win-win across the board, which should see substantial P&L ramifications on the positive side as we move into 2020 and then beyond. 
John Garratt: Okay. A couple of questions there. I'll start with the first one around the initiatives. As you look at the initiatives, we said we see these as being accretive as early as next year. The 2 new ones we talked about are Fast Track and Fresh. We're very excited about both. As you look at Fresh, we see both of them helping the top line and the bottom line. As you look at Fresh, the immediate impact we see from that is helping our gross margin, helping reduce our product cost. Now that does come with upfront expenses, particularly in SG&A, and it's a trade-off for SG&A for gross margin. But we're very excited about what that can do not only to our cost, but then also our flexibility and longer term what that can mean in terms of as we expand our Fresh offering and in-stock availability there, we think that can be a meaningful sales driver. On Fast Track, that has 2 parts to that. You have the self-checkout piece and then you have the one-touch shelf stocking piece. The latter will have a more immediate impact, and we're starting to do that now, and we'll scale that over the course of the year. The self-checkout will take a little bit more time with the technology involved in driving the adoption on that, though. These are sizable investments this year that will pressure the SG&A. But as we look out, we see them as being accretive as early as next year, having a meaningful impact on our overall operating margin, EPS growth and really positioning us with the long term in mind to drive double-digit EPS growth over the long term. 
John Garratt: And as Todd said, with this helping drive traffic and taking share and our belief that we can retain these customers, we believe we're very well positioned going into 2019 to further optimize our promotional activity while at the same time driving profitable sales and traffic. So we feel we're very well positioned. 
John Garratt: Yes. I'll start by saying the fundamentals are very strong. We're really pleased with the impact that our initiatives are having and the share we're taking. There is a bit of a timing impact to start the year. We talked about the benefit from the acceleration of SNAP payment from early Q1 into late Q4. That did have a bit of an impact on the beginning of the quarter, not necessarily dollar-for-dollar. But I would draw that timing to your attention. Other than that, it's a pretty smooth year in our mind and yes, I think we're firing at all cylinders. 
John Garratt: No, the comment we made there, and I'll start by saying we continue to see ourselves as double-digit EPS growers over the long term. That comment just meant to say that we reserve the right in some years to make targeted investments to drive that long-term growth and protect that 10% growth. 
John Garratt: Yes, I think you're thinking about that the right way. We talked about a couple of pressures at the beginning of the year. One thing we talked about is changes to inventory replenishment. We've seen a very high correlation between on-shelf availability and sales. And as such, we're making an investment at the beginning in the year bringing more inventory in to make sure we're right in stock. This will have a Q1 price tag due to the impact on product mix, but as we cycle through that, that will normalize. The other thing is as the year progresses, we expect to start to see some benefits from the initiatives we're putting in place like Fresh and others to enhance gross margins. So as you look at the year on a year-over-year comparison, we expect that to improve as the year progresses. 
John Garratt: As we indicated, there are start-up costs associated with this. As we start to scale these, as Todd said, it's more of it pays for itself as it goes, and we expect this to be accretive as early as 2020. 
John Garratt: Yes, walking through the last year, we articulated the specific Q4 drivers. So I guess, stepping back and taking a broader look, if you look at the full year, our gross margin was down 32 basis points. But we're very pleased with the results where we drove traffic, we took share, delivered very good comps. We did invest some margins opportunistically in promotional activity, as Todd mentioned, but it's clearly resonating with our customers. It allowed us to take share that was a very high take rate here, and helped us deliver the sales. And we believe that this will stick and we'll be in a position next year to rationalize these investments. The other impact was the SNAP. While that did benefit our sales with that pull forward, there was a mix impact that came with that, in general, lower mix of those additional sales. And then the team managed through the headwinds of tariff and transportation costs. As we go into this year, as we said, we believe we're very well positioned that we could throttle back to be even more targeted in our promotional activity while still driving traffic and sales. We believe we have opportunities to increase margin over time with the new initiatives, like DG Fresh and the NCI initiative, shrink, where we had 9 quarters of year-over-year improvement, and the other lever that we talked about. We think we're very well positioned. 
John Garratt: Yes. Just to reiterate that over the long term, we see ourselves as double-digit EPS growers. We're not able to give specific guidance at 2020 at this point, but we do feel very good about the initiatives and their ability to be accretive next year. As you look at the fundamentals of the business model, we feel very good about what we're seeing from our new store growth, with the great returns on the sales from those, with what we're seeing on a comp basis with the performance of the initiatives and the comps we're seeing. We see, as we said, a lot of opportunities over the long term to improve our operating margin. We really look at operating margin overall. And we believe we're making the right investments here to enhance that operating margin. It comes at a little bit of a cost now, but we believe this positions us better for the future. And we continue to generate a tremendous amount of cash, which allows us to reinvest in this business while paying back a significant amount to shareholders through share repurchases. So we don't see the future differently. 
John Garratt: Yes. As to the timing impact we mentioned, the overall year comp that we guided to reflects our current views of the year. 
