John Garratt: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. As Todd has taken you through the highlights of our second quarter, I'll share more details on the rest of the financial results and our outlook. We are pleased with our second quarter results given our strong gross margin expansion and our SG&A performance. Gross profit for the second quarter was $1.6 billion or 31.2% of sales, an increase of 36 basis points from last year's second quarter. As compared to the prior year, the most significant drivers were higher initial inventory markups, improved inventory shrink rate and lower transportation costs. Partially offsetting these improvements to gross profit were increased markdowns. SG&A expense increased by 9 basis points over the 2014 period to $1.1 billion or 21.8% of sales in the second quarter. Using disciplined cost management, we were successful in mitigating our SG&A deleverage. The SG&A increase was primarily attributable to higher store asset impairments, incentive compensation, repairs and maintenance and fees associated with the increased use of debit cards. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 38%. Moving now to our balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter end, merchandise inventories were $3 billion, up 2.7% on a per-store basis. Year-to-date, we generated cash from operations of $557 million, an increase of $70 million or 14% compared to the same period last year. Total capital expenditures were $247 million. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of our common stock for $200 million. We also paid a dividend of $0.22 per common share outstanding, totaling $65 million. Since the inception of the share repurchase program in December 2011, we have repurchased over $3 billion of our common stock. We currently have a remaining authorization of approximately $489 million. We remain committed to our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Our first priority remains investing in new stores and the infrastructure to support our growth. We aim to create lasting value for our shareholders through anticipated quarterly dividends and share repurchases, all while maintaining our investment-grade rating and managing to a leverage ratio of approximately 3x adjusted debt to EBITDAR. Turning now to guidance. We are reconfirming our financial guidance ranges for 2015. Details of our guidance are included in our press release. Highlights include top line sales for the year are expected to increase 8% to 9%. Expectations for overall selling square footage growth remain at approximately 6%. And as you model out the third quarter and fourth quarter, please keep in mind that the day of Halloween falls into our fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to our third quarter of 2014. We anticipate this could have a modestly negative impact in the third quarter due to the year-over-year comparison. For the year, same-store sales are expected to increase 3% to 3.5%, with the expectation that it will be closer to the lower end of our range. Our expectation for diluted earnings per share remains $3.85 to $3.95 for the year. As our long-term track record demonstrates, Dollar General is well positioned to serve our customers in a wide variety of economic conditions and in turn, deliver strong results for our shareholders over time. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Todd. 
John Garratt: Well, we do feel great about the margin expansion in the first half with 45 basis points of growth in Q1 and 36 basis points in Q2. And as we look at it, it's very broad-based as we've utilized many levers. We continue to reduce shrink and see opportunity for further improvement there. We continue to grow our non-consumables business, which helps our mix. We've had 6 consecutive quarters of growth with non-consumables. And we continue to effectively manage the other levers, including category management, private label and foreign sourcing. As we look to the back half of the year, we don't see this structurally changing. We do see it moderating somewhat, and do bear in mind that we also always reserve the right to invest in EDLP as needed to drive units and transactions. 
John Garratt: Yes, you're correct. The SG&A leverage point has been and is around 3.5%. What you will see as you move into the back half as we do accelerate our targeted investment in labor, you will see some deleverage from that on the front end. This pays back, provides a great return in the longer term, but it does provide some deleverage to SG&A as it takes a couple of months, couple of quarters for it to pay back. 
John Garratt: We'll be coming back to you later with 2016 guidance later in the year. But right now, we're comfortable with our guidance for this year and to model and see this labor investment as a near-term impact that will provide great returns, longer term. 
John Garratt: Sure, sure. We don't see anything structurally changing in terms of the drivers from the first half in terms of them going into second half. In terms of the devaluation, there's no immediate impact. The payments to our international vendors are denominated in U.S. dollars to reduce volatility. Of course, we're monitoring the situation. And this could translate to opportunity for lower costs down the road. 
John Garratt: Sure, great question. We feel great about real estate. We have a phenomenal team that does a great job finding great sites while holding down cost. We have not seen a change and we've not seen a change to our great returns, we're still averaging about 20% returns on our newbuilds, and less than 2-year payback. So no change to that, and we feel great about the pipeline going forward. It's a very robust pipeline. We're going to open 730 new units this year. And we are targeting about 900 new units next year. And we continue to see these new units perform at about 85% the comp base. And we continued to see them, as I said, deliver great returns. So we feel very bullish about our returns going forward. 
John Garratt: Sure. As we look at the back half, as I mentioned previously, we do expect to continue to grow or expand our margins in the back half. But given the tougher laps we do expect that to moderate somewhat. On the SG&A front, as we've mentioned, we're investing in labor, and that's ramping up. And while that does provide great returns in the long term, it does deleverage in the near term. So that would put some deleveraged pressure on SG&A in the back half on the front-end of that investment. 
John Garratt: The markdowns were promotional driven and really ordinary course, nothing unusual with those during this quarter. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, John. As I approach the conclusion of my first 100 days as CEO, I am as excited as ever about the opportunities ahead of us at Dollar General. I feel great about the team that we have in place, and I am confident that Jeff and Jim will play an important role in Dollar General's long-term success. The team is energized and excited as we look to help our consumers Save time. Save money. Every day! Looking ahead to 2016, the team is focused on driving profitable sales growth. We are deep into the planning process for this coming year. While it's still early, I would like to share with you some of our preliminary initiatives. A new store prototype will be rolled out in 2016 for all new stores, relocations and remodels. The format will allow for a more customer-friendly shopping experience. And in this prototype, the consumer will be able to and have faster, more convenient checkout, an attribute that is a high priority for our core consumer. We have value engineered the design to be capital-efficient and easier to operate for our store teams. Given the early results from our tests, we are encouraged about the prototype. We have a significant opportunity to increase our cooler penetration across our store bases, perishables, drive trips and basket size with our consumer as she looks for a quick meal solution or a fill-in item. Across the chain, a basket with a perishable item is nearly 50% higher than the chain average. This is a big opportunity that we know how to capitalize on as we have already increased the cooler count on average by just over 50% since 2008. More and more our consumer is looking to DG for her health and beauty needs. Based on our customer insights, we will look to expand our offerings across segments, such as hair care, cough and cold and over-the-counter meds, skincare and nail care. We are well positioned to capitalize on this trend given our brand offerings and price relevancy. Our ongoing affordability initiative will be front and center with the new refreshed approach. Our underlying principles are to keep the business simple, but move quickly to capture opportunities, control expenses and always be a low-cost operator. All in, 2016 is shaping up to have meaningful initiatives to drive our performance. I look forward to sharing more details about our plans as we move forward. Our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that is proven and resilient. Our team is energized to seize growth opportunities. Our business generates significant cash flow and we are in a position to invest in accelerated store growth while continuing to return cash to shareholders through consistent share repurchases and dividends. My personal thanks and gratitude go out to all of the 112,000 Dollar General employees that fulfill on our mission of serving others by providing our consumers with convenience, value and service every day. With that, Mary Winn, we would now like to open the lines for questions. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Matt, sure will. When we looked at our sales, it really did mirror I think what the nation saw at retail out there. What we saw was, once we got through the month of June and into July, the weather patterns normalized, the heat returned and those torrential rains in Texas and Oklahoma and other areas subsided, and we saw a return to a little bit of a normal pattern and where our consumable and non-consumable businesses both did very well as we moved into the weeks of July to the end of July. So that's what gives us confidence in our guidance for the full year in sales because we've seen that our sales are -- have rebounded from that dip in June. And to be honest with you, I think it's way too early to have seen, and we really haven't seen any indication that the consumer is spending anything more because she has additional wage money in her pocket. But again, our core consumer is a little different in that before she starts to spend, she really needs to have confidence and see a sustained ability that income will continue to come her way. So she's a little bit slower on pulling the trigger on spending a little bit more money. 
Todd Vasos: Dan, I think it's way too early to really know exactly what's going on. I think it's fair to say with the transaction closing in July, it's in the infancy stages. But what we're squarely focused on is controlling what we can control. And we are always out there looking to capitalize on opportunities as we see them. But I am encouraged on the labor front where we have invested in labor in some of our stores where the product is getting on the shelf faster. And I can tell you that all of our consumer work in these stores are showing that the consumer is seeing the difference inside of our stores with our in-stock rates increasing. So we feel very, very confident that in any way that we can capitalize, we will as we go forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, while I can't exactly tell you why they left, because I'm sure they had their own reasons, I think the interesting thing is that they saw an opportunity, as I do, here at Dollar General and returned. And really, what I'm excited about is that return, because we have all worked together for many years prior to them leaving, and they know the play book, they know our customers, and they know how to move quickly and drive profitable sales growth. So we feel very confident that in the quarters and years to come, they'll be huge contributors with the rest of the executive management team. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, those are great questions, John. On the Smart & Simple side, first. Affordability is still and will be and continue to be front and center here at Dollar General. And Smart & Simple plays a huge role in that. We've doubled the SKU count so far in 2015, and we see that pace continuing as we go into 2016. It really does give our consumer that price point that's magical in a lot of cases of $1. And even though some items are over $1 at Smart & Simple, it is a tremendous value. So we see that brand growing, and we see it as a price fighter to a lot of different disciplines out there across grocery and drug. So we feel very good about it. And again, remember, our consumer looks to us first for value and price. And that's what we deliver with that Smart & Simple brand. So we're very excited about it. As it relates to DG Markets. We continue to use DG Markets as a test lab. We continue to learn in those stores. But also, the great thing is, is a lot of the learnings from DG Market, we apply into our plus stores and our traditional stores. And quite frankly, some of the pieces that you'll see in our new store prototype in 2016 was generated from the market store concept and the plus concept. So we still see those -- we still see the market store as a real viable kind of a store for us because of a lot of things: One, driving top line sales giving the consumer a great value with expanded grocery and perishable; but also, because of that test bed that it provides the rest of the chain. So we feel good about it. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, that is very fair to say. Right now, we don't have anything on the horizon as far as the perishable side. But you know what, we're always looking. Again, in our market stores, perishables play a pretty important role in those, and we're learning a lot about that fresh side of the business on perishables. But right now, no big plans to do anything there. As it relates to -- back to Smart & Simple, I think the best way to look at Smart & Simple for us is that what it really provides us is, and the consumer is, that it provides that affordability. And then for our consumer, it gives her trial. And then from the trial, she moves into acceptance of an item. And then she trades in or trades down, so I think it's an important piece. Now as we start to put more and more of these Smart & Simple items on the shelf, I think it's fair to say that something has to go. And the great thing about Dollar General is we're very disciplined in our category management approach. So I can tell you, John, that what we decide to eliminate to put in Smart & Simple will be the exact right decision for our customer at Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: John, I think you look at it, we're very pleased with how our second quarter ended up. We've delivered nearly 8% revenue growth and 14% EPS growth. So we feel very strong about it. And that's what gives us the opportunity, Peter, to work and look at the back half of the year and our full year guidance. And it gives us the confidence that we'll hit that range, that lower end of the range. 
Todd Vasos: Well, Scott, it's still a little early with a few of the things that are out there. Obviously, as we said before, we will always in markets pay a competitive wage to attract the right people and retain the right people. So we have been doing that for years, and we will continue to do that in '16 and beyond. But it is pretty early on a few of the fronts, especially the non-exempt and overtime legislation that's out there, it's still in comment period. So we're waiting to see exactly how that affects us. But as you can imagine, only our store managers are exempt today within our store from a salary perspective. So while it will affect us, it will be -- also an effect on everyone else in the marketplace. But I think again, it's still a little early, but rest assured, we are watching it very carefully. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I think, for right now, again because it's so early, I would think about it, it's going to affect everybody. But as this becomes clearer, as time passes, we'll have a better idea and get back to everyone on it. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I think the way to look at it, Scott, is that the calendar shift has caused a little angst probably out there with the consumer only from the standpoint that Labor Day has been pushed back a week, as you know. And most states with schools, they sort of key off of that Labor Day date. So in a lot of cases, what we've seen is that back-to-school has been pushed back in the calendar a little bit. Now the great thing here at Dollar General that we've seen is that where school is already started, our back-to-school comps are hitting and/or exceeding our expectations. So we feel very good about that. But we have contemplated where we think we are here in August, and where we'll be at the end of the third quarter, and we've embedded that in that guidance that we've given you. We feel pretty confident about that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, we're, David, pretty bullish on that back half of the year and holiday because of all the work that the team has done on category management. That 40%, I could tell you that it is an increase over last year. And again, that it was because of the success of holiday of 2015 where we saw our consumers gravitating to that affordability piece. So we've had a full year to make sure that we deliver on the strong affordability for holiday 2016, and we're pretty excited about the lineup that we have coming. 
Todd Vasos: Meredith, this is Todd. When we look at it, we are definitely looking at all opportunities that are out there. But as you know us very well, we always take a very measured approach on how we accelerate growth and where we accelerate it. And rest assured, because of that discipline we have in our real estate model, that one, we're looking for every opportunity, but also on the second side of that, we're making sure that we do it very measured. So as we go out, that we continue to outperform our expectations when we open these stores. 
Todd Vasos: Ed, I have to say that the environment is still very rational. And when we look out, we don't see anything that structurally -- where that changes. But as you know, any time that we see necessary to drive units, we will invest in price to make sure that we protect and grow our market share. So while we don't see anything that's immediate, we are always looking at opportunities to deliver further value to our consumers. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The fun thing about retail is that there's always opportunity to get better out there. And in-stock is one of those for us that we can get better. We've done a good job over the years on in-stock, but there's always room to improve. And we think that improving in-stock, and we've proven it with these labor investments that we've done here in the second quarter, that the consumer reacts very quickly to those in-stock pieces and she sees the product she wants on the shelf, and we deliver a great price every day, we just got to make sure when she comes in that it's there for her and she can pick it up. So I think between the labor investments that we've made and the ones upcoming as well as our supply chain solution that I talked about, as that now starts to really get fully integrated into the system, it should as well help our in-stock position. So we've got, in my mind, nowhere but up to go on in-stocks. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Stephen, we still continue to see the trade-down consumer gravitating toward Dollar General, which is great to see. Our core consumer, which obviously makes up a big piece of our overall sales and profitability here at Dollar General, while she feels a little bit better, it appears, financially, what she tells us, and we knew this going in, is that, it takes her a little longer to start spending because she has to feel confident that what she's seeing is sustainable in her budget. And so it takes a little bit more time for her to let go of the purse strings a little bit more, but the great thing about Dollar General is, is that through our category management work and through our field operators that we have out there, our store managers and their staff, we can deliver a great product to her when she's ready to spend. And I think we've proven that over the years. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Taylor, we're very proud of what the team has accomplished in apparel and in non-consumables in general. But also, our consumable business. We are -- when we look out in the guidance that we provided, we feel good about both sides of those businesses. As it relates to apparel, it is a key driver of profitability for us. And we see that even through the back half of the year going into 2016, our teams have got great products lined up, great values for our consumer. So that we really see that year-over-year, we're going to see and continue to see increases in our apparel businesses. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, private brands are really important to Dollar General, very important. So we watch it very carefully. We're essentially complete on our rebranding, the repackaging pieces of it. But as you expect from Dollar General, we're always trying to improve everything we do. So we're now going back to certain SKUs that may not have performed like we thought and are now tweaking those. So we're in Phase 2, I would call it, of the packaging. And right now, we're pretty happy with what we see. And again, private brands, Smart & Simple and the Rexall brands for us are extremely important as we go into 2016. So lot of emphasis being placed there, and we'll continue to see that grow for us. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, when you look out across our store base and the beauty of Dollar General is we've got over 12,000 stores and working our way to 13,000 stores. And as you could imagine, we've got, in some areas, we've got better standards than others, and we're always working to make sure that we better our standards. And the great thing with the labor investments that you've mentioned is that we've seen betterment, if you will, on both top line sales as well as store manager turnover rates going down, not only in those stores but across the chain. So we're doing something right here. And we think we're onto something. And when you look at it, that's one reason we want to accelerate these labor investments as we get into Q3 and 4. As we go into the back half of the year, we think that there is a big opportunity for us. And to be honest with you, by the end of Q4, we should be approaching about 1/3 of the chain with these new labor investments and additional hours in there. So we feel very good about going into fourth quarter and taking that into 2016 with us. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, when you look at it, here at Dollar General, the great thing about the disciplines that we've put in place over the years, we do nothing here that doesn't have a return. I can guarantee you this has return metrics in place, and they are delivering on those returns. Now, is every store delivering? Perhaps not, but that's the beauty of us. We look at it by store, and we either get those stores to produce or it we'll roll those off the labor investments, and reinvest those somewhere else. So we're squarely focused on making sure it returns. 
Todd Vasos: The -- when you look at the beauty of Dollar General and the value that we create for the shopper as well as the convenience that we have, you couple that with probably the strongest category management disciplines that you can see out there. And then with our store managers and their store teams squarely focused, we feel that we're in a great position, if not some of the best positions out there, to capitalize when she starts to spend. And on top of that, we're always looking at other ways past the consumer to capitalize. And anything that we see, we'll make sure that we get our fair share here at Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, again, Dan, when you look at it, we've got opportunities just like everyone out there. And our opportunities, the nice thing about Dollar General, because of the disciplines we have, those opportunities that present themselves, we feel very confident. And as we put programs in place, as we've done now with in-stock, we feel that we can capitalize quickly on it. While I don't want to give you the exact metric around it, rest assured that the focus, the attention and any capital that we're throwing at this will have a return. And we'll definitely make sure that it returns to the consumer. And that's really what this is all about, is making sure that our consumer is satisfied when she leaves our store every time. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, for us, we haven't really quantified it, but we know internally, obviously, what we expect on that Halloween Day. And because of our convenient nature as a retailer, the holiday is always late, right? So it's always those last 2 days, so the day before or the day of the event. So it's a significant piece of our business the day of the event. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, it is a little bit of a comparison issue. When you look at it, it was seasonally driven. And when we saw the return of the warm weather in the July month and now into August, we saw things normalize. We feel very good about where we are on a sell-through percentage rate, it is right on target. So we don't think there's anything structural there. It was just a little bit of a blip. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. And as you look at it, as far as the competition is concerned, we, again, really want to deliver value to our consumer. So where we think we need to invest in price, we do. And in some cases, it may come in the form of promotional. But the majority of our reinvestment in the price comes at an everyday low price value on the shelf. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, shrink continues to be one of our biggest gross margin levers that we have. And the team has been squarely focused over the past 12 to 18 months on reducing shrink. And I can tell you that, that between the use of our tools that we have available to us, which I think are world-class, our defensive merchandising, and just the complete refocus at retail on shrink has given us the benefit that we're seeing. We don't see that slowing down. Matter of fact, we are putting more ammunition and tools and abilities for our stores, our district managers to reduce shrink, and we'll continue to do that as we move through the rest of the year and into next. The good thing about shrink, and the bad thing, quite frankly, but the good thing for us is shrink has a tail to it and anything that we work on now pays dividends down the road and into next year. So we feel good about where shrink is headed, and we'll continue to work it hard because it is a big, big opportunity for us. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We're going to come back to you with a little bit more detail. But just to a tad bit of color, the store will visibly look different to the consumer. They will definitely see a difference as they walk in the store. The checkout area is a big, big difference and a departure from where we've been, but really is consumer-centric. And I could tell you that all of the work that we've done around this and as you can imagine here at Dollar General, we don't do anything without bringing our consumers along with us. She loves that new front end, that new prototype. And the investments will come in areas like cooler expansion in other areas. But rest assured that our team has looked at ways to pull cost, though, out of the build as well as the investments inside the box to help offset that. So we feel very confident in maintaining the returns that we currently see today as we go into our 2016 pipeline. 
