Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are pleased with our second quarter results and continue to be grateful to our associates for their dedication to fulfilling our mission of serving others. Despite what remains a challenging operating environment, including additional uncertainties brought on by the Delta variant and pressures on the global supply chain, our teams continue to successfully adapt and deliver for our customers. Because of their efforts, during the quarter, we saw an improvement in customer traffic as compared to Q1 and once again, increased our market share in highly consumable product sales as measured by syndicated data. Looking ahead, we remain focused on controlling the things we can control and believe we are well positioned to navigate the current inflationary environment and global supply chain challenges. As always, the health and safety of our employees and customers is our primary focus, while meeting the needs of the communities we serve. And with more than 17,500 stores located within 5 miles of about 75% of the U.S. population, we believe we are well positioned to continue supporting our customers through our unique combination of value and convenience. To that end, we recently hired our first Chief Medical Officer. Going forward, our plans include further expansion of our health offering, with the goal of increasing access to affordable health care products and services, particularly in rural America. Overall, we remain focused on our operating priorities and strategic initiatives, as we continue to meet the evolving needs of our customers and further position Dollar General for long-term sustainable growth. Turning now to our second quarter performance. As we continue to lap difficult quarterly sales comparisons from the prior year, net sales decreased 0.4% to $8.7 billion, followed by a 24.4% increase in Q2 of 2020. Comp sales declined 4.7% compared to the prior year period, which translates into a robust 14.1% increase on a 2-year stack basis. Our Q2 sales results include a year-over-year decline in customer traffic, which was partially offset by the growth in average basket size. From a monthly cadence perspective, comp sales were lowest in May, with July being our strongest month of performance. And I'm pleased to report that Q3 is off to a great start. Importantly, we continue to be very pleased with the retention rates of new customers acquired in 2020, underscoring the broadened appeal of our value and convenience proposition. We believe we will ultimately exit the pandemic with a larger, broader and more engaged customer base than when we entered it, resulting in an even stronger foundation from which to grow. Overall, our second quarter results reflect strong execution across many fronts as we continue to strengthen our position while further differentiating and distancing Dollar General from the rest of the discount retail landscape. We operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail and we believe our unique store footprint, further enhanced through our multiyear initiatives, provides a distinct competitive advantage and positions us well for continued success. As a mature retailer in growth mode, we are also laying the groundwork for future initiatives, which we believe will unlock significant growth opportunities as we move forward. In short, I feel very good about the underlying strength of the business, and we're confident we are pursuing the right strategies to enable balanced and sustainable growth by creating meaningful long-term shareholder value. With that, I'll now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Rupesh, we are happy with the way Q3 started out. Back-to-school is doing very well for us. We got all of our products that we anticipated getting from overseas as well as domestically. And the consumer has a little extra money in their pocket. So as evidenced by our guidance in the back half, we feel pretty good about our sales line as we go forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Matt, that's a great question. And I'd tell you what, we are very pleased with what we are seeing with that consumer, especially that new consumer. When you think about -- we launched that retention program back last summer and really pushed the pedal down, if you will, as we move through the back half of last year. And we never took our foot off the accelerator. I'm happy to say that right now, through second quarter, what we're seeing is double our expectation of that retention rate of that newfound consumer. That is higher by a long shot, quite frankly, than what we saw in '08 during the financial crisis. So I attribute that quite frankly to the relevancy of this box that we have today. While we made some really nice changes in -- coming out of that '08-'09 time frame, this box now is much more relevant. And I think the important piece is much more relevant across a broad spectrum of the consumer base. And I believe that's why we're keeping that consumer. And then when you think about how that mix is looking, as John indicated, we are very, very pleased with our nonconsumable or discretionary side. And that is really enhanced compared to 2008 when you really go back to take a look at it. So not only our consumable business, but our nonconsumable business is doing very, very well. And then as I look at how some of the other components are looking, think about units for a moment. On a 2-year stack basis, our units were up 11.5%. That is very, very strong. And that's, again, a real testament to the ability for us to drive that top line with these new consumers, and our existing consumers still see that value, obviously, that she needs. So we'll continue to watch that as we go forward. Our goal, as you know, long term, is always to drive that traffic number. And -- but this consumer, especially our core consumer, acts a little different when she has a little extra money. Just as a reminder, when she has extra money in her pocket, we saw it in '08, we see it now, she comes a little less often, spends more once she comes in, and we've seen that on our numbers. As a matter of fact, our 2-year stack traffic number is up about 25%. And again, very, very robust. So we believe when things start to normalize and some of this extra money that is in the system through government stimulus may start to wane here, we believe that she'll start coming more often and probably spending a little less, getting back to a normal shopping pattern most likely, Matt. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Karen, this is Todd. I'll take that one. And I would tell you, we feel very good about this core customer. And also remember, the customer that we've retained during this pandemic and continue to retain, we feel very good about keeping her well engaged into next year as well. You couple that with all the initiatives that we have in front of us, both in play and as you heard from Jeff, some newer ones like health care that will, in fact, start to play out as we go into next year, but even longer term than that. But when you start to think about who we are, right, and who we serve, we're an all-weather brand and always have been. And it's even more pronounced now, I believe, than every before, right? So when times are good, we do pretty well. And when times aren't so good, that consumer needs us more. And now we've got that new trading customer that we've gotten, that seemingly will have a little bit more money even when times turn a little negative for our core customers. So once again, we feel good about it. We're not prepared to give guidance yet for '22. But we here always control what we can control. And we feel good about that algorithm over time growing the comps at 2% to 4% over the long term. And that is still our vision, and we work toward that each and every day. 
Todd Vasos: Well, we look at all that, as you say, Michael, and I would tell you, that we do feel good about where this consumer is and how she lines up, if you will, based on what is ahead of her. But again, that whole notion that we control -- what we can control is really what we're squarely focused on. But yes, I would tell you, the implied number that you're talking about is that in that 4% to 5% type of a comp rate, whether we hit that or not, that's still well on top of our algorithm, if you will. So we feel good about it. I don't want to get ahead of our skis and say that it will be even better. But I would tell you, with the initiatives that we have and the retention rates we're seeing from that new consumer, that's what gives us the confidence to raise that sales guidance in the back half of this year and will propel us into '22. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, John, that's a great question, and thanks for asking it because we're pretty excited about what this health care initiative could hold. But I want to caution everybody, this will be a journey over many years, right? But what we're going to be squarely focused on here is exactly what you talked about, those services that rural America today especially doesn't have access to. We talk a lot about grocery deserts or food deserts. There's as equal health care deserts out there across the U.S., and we're in all of these communities. And then when you step back from that, with my background in health, we really know that there's an opportunity for these services. So whether it be eye care as an example, whether it be telemedicine, whether it be prescription delivery, not -- by the way, not pharmacies in our stores, but build to order and maybe pick up inside of our store, those type of things, mail order. And so could we benefit with a partnership? Possibly. We're going to be fishing all that out over the next many quarters. But could it be bigger than NCI? I think this could easily eclipse NCI. I don't want to get in front of our skis, but it could be a really big deal not only for our top line and bottom line at Dollar General, but even more so making that box even more relevant to those consumers in rural America that have to drive now 30, 40 minutes for an eye exam as an example, or even to see a doctor. So we believe that there's some real opportunity here. You can probably tell in my voice, I'm pretty excited about it, but the journey is just beginning. 
Todd Vasos: No, John, we've got a smaller version of the DG Market already. As a matter of fact, we continue to grow that. And that -- the genesis of that was the Walmart Express stores that we bought back a few years ago. And we've cultivated those 44 stores we bought and have grown that format as well. We don't talk about it a lot, because we believe that over time, it could be a big piece, though, of our rural strategy, especially you just mentioned in that combo piece. Because if -- we already have stores in -- within 75% of our stores within 5-mile radius of the overall population. And if we could give her even more options, including health care, including pOpshelf inside of a smaller box, I believe it could be really powerful. And I know Jeff believes that as well, and we'll be working toward that over the next few years. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you that the majority of the headwind is coming from the import side of that equation. We have seen some tightness in the domestic market, but pretty manageable overall there. It really is the import side that we feel is the headwind here. And then as far as passing along, what we do here at Dollar General, probably better than most is negotiate with our vendors, with our size and scale. We've been doing that for many years. It's second nature to us, if you will. But I would tell you that we've been able to offset some of these inflationary pressures that you've seen out there. But yet, we have taken price in some instances. But what I'm happy to say is that our price positioning is as good as it's ever been. As you may remember over the last few quarters, I've been very bullish on our positioning and it's just as good as ever. So I would tell you, we've been very thoughtful on passing along price, because we know that our core consumer can ill afford very many price increases. But we have the ability with just 10,000 to 12,000 SKUs to also pick and choose the SKUs that we offer our consumer. And if we have some price increases that we don't believe we should pass on to her, we'll drop the SKU and move on to something else that, in fact, she'll need also. And we've done that a lot in the last quarter to 2 quarters. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you, Michael, I think the discretionary headwind that we talk about really stems from the robust number we had last year. Last year, other retailers were either shut down still, limited hours, one-way aisles. I think you remember all of that. We were pretty much in full swing last year, helping out all the communities that we serve. So it was really on a 2-year stack basis, we couldn't be more happier or proud of our discretionary business. As a matter of fact, feel very robust about it going into the back half of the year and in years to come because of our NCI initiatives, because of our pOpshelf initiatives and many other things that we're working on. So yes, I wouldn't characterize it any other way other than on a year-over-year basis is really the headwind. I would tell you that starts to subside as we move into '22, right? And so watch out for that as we move into '22. But right now, we feel good about where we are on a discretionary platform basis. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you, we really haven't said what those numbers were, but as I mentioned earlier, we just have to remember, on the traffic side, you've got 2 things that are in play here. Number one, you still have a consumer that is contracting her shopping patterns due to COVID, right? You still have some of that dynamic going on, not as much as we saw last year, obviously, and we're starting to see those traffic numbers come back, and I'll explain that in a second. What we're starting to see now is as stimulus starts to wane, COVID in many states starting to wane, I know it's flaring in certain states and a little less than others. The consumer is getting out more, and we're seeing our traffic numbers start to rebound. And what normally happens with our core consumer as that dynamic takes place, especially around her income levels, what we'll start to see is smaller basket sizes and more traffic. And that's exactly what we're starting to see occur over the last couple of months, and we anticipate that to continue as we move through the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Well, thank you very much for all the questions, and thanks for your interest in Dollar General. I want to start by saying how proud I am of this team, which continues to execute at a high level, resulting in another great quarter. As you heard today, we have a number of exciting initiatives in place, and we believe we are well positioned to grow same-store sales, new stores, operating profit margins and market share over time, while providing a strong employee proposition. So overall, I'm proud of the year-to-date results, feel very good about the underlying business and very optimistic about the future. Thank you for listening. And I hope you have a great day. Thank you. 
John Garratt: Yes. So in terms of gross margin, and I'll start by saying we're very pleased with the performance, up 62 basis points year-to-date. While down 80 basis points in Q2, were up 87 basis points over Q2 2019 as we continue to see initiatives like DG Fresh, NCI and others really contributing. But like with our Q2 results, we do expect some continued pressure on gross margin in the second half due primarily to inflation, which we believe to be transitory, but related to higher transportation costs, higher than previously expected. Of course, we're seeing elevated demand with the great sales, and that's resulting in some transportation and supply capacity challenges with our third-party carriers. And then on top of that, we did mention a higher LIFO provision as a result of product cost increases. Some others have seen similar inflation and pass some of that along. And then, of course, we have a very challenging lap as we talked about with the year-over-year mix. In Q2, we lapped 40% nonconsumable sales. And so while nonconsumable business is still doing fabulously, it's a very difficult lap in the back half. And certainly, you have a very favorable last year mix profile with that mix. And then you also had unusually low clearance activity associated with nonconsumables on that high sell-through. So while we expect to continue to do well, it provides a challenging lap. So a difficult lap near-term inflationary pressures, which, again, we believe to be transitory. But as you look ahead, we believe still, that with the growing benefit from initiatives, with all the levers at our disposal between private brands, foreign sourcing, shrink, supply chain efficiencies as we get through the near-term pressures and of course, category management and of course, our scale, we believe we're in a great position to continue to expand margins over the long term and believe we're in a great spot right now in terms of price too and don't see the need to invest there. So near-term pressure for sure, but the fundamentals of the business, I would say, are stronger than ever, and we feel very good about the future. In terms of how long this persists, we said that we expect this to be elevated through the end of the year, at least through Chinese New Year. It's hard to say how long beyond that. This is really a supply and a demand issue. We would expect this to start to normalize, but it's hard to say, hopefully, as we push through next year, but hard to say exactly when that will happen. 
John Garratt: Yes, Simeon, I'll start by saying that we feel great about the fundamentals and I've never felt better about the algorithm. I'm not going to obviously give any specific guidance on 2022 as we don't normally at this point. And obviously, things are fluid in terms of the duration and depth of the pandemic and how long these inflationary pressures persist. But as we said, we do believe these are transitory. The team is doing a great job to mitigate these and that would provide a tailwind at some point as these -- we believe, as these normalize, as well as we get to more normalized mix levels. Again, that's the other big pressure this year is just lapping unusually high nonconsumable sales and unusually low clearance activity. But as you look at the fundamentals, as we've said before, we were at the high end of our 2% to 4% algorithm going into this. We are delighted with what we've seen in terms of the stickiness of the new customers we've brought in, even above expectations, as well as how we've been able to hold on to these larger baskets. And so I think the brand has never been more relevant, and I think this really bodes well going forward on the sales momentum with the initiatives really coming together to help the bottom line and the top line. And again, what we're doing to hang on to these new customers and bigger baskets with this fuller fill-in trip we've been able to provide with the initiatives. And in terms of the gross margin, I would say we still see benefit -- growing benefit from our strategic initiatives with more to come and still have all the levers I mentioned at our disposal and see a lot of opportunity there as things normalize. So as we push through these, again, what we believe to be transitory pressures, we see ourselves in a position to continue to expand our gross margin. And again, when you tease out the impact of the strategic initiatives to leverage our SG&A at the rates that we have done in the past and then, again, the business generates a tremendous amount of cash, which allows us to buy back shares. So we feel good all around with the outlook for the business and believe the algorithm is very well intact. And when you look at real estate, that's the other piece I would point to that bodes very well for the future in terms of upping the potential units for everybody on our space to 17,000 units. We're seeing unit level economics as good as ever and we continue to innovate with new formats that continues to extend the runway. So feel great about the algorithm. We'll comment on the specifics of 2022 as we go into the next year. 
John Garratt: Yes. What I would say is we've considered all of that. And I would say there's a lot of moving pieces here that seemingly are directionally offsetting. You do have the roll-off of the enhanced unemployment benefits, which is a bit of a headwind, but then you have the child tax credit, which is a bit of a tailwind. And then when you look at SNAP, there's puts and takes there that are directionally offsetting. The 15% benefit expires on October 1. But then with the USDA's action with the Thrifty Food Plan, that puts back some enhanced benefits. And then they did extend the emergency supplemental benefits, which allows waivers -- waivers allows folks to get maximum benefits regardless of income. So as you look at all the pieces, it's hard to say exactly what the net impact would be, but right now, it looks directionally offsetting, and that's contemplated in the guidance. And we feel very good about the guidance based on what we know now. 
John Garratt: Sure. Okay. No, good question, Karen. I'll start by saying we feel good about the updated guidance based on the strong first half results. And as you mentioned, we did raise our sales outlook. We raised the floor on EPS, held the ceiling on the EPS guidance. But I think when you look at the 2-year lap, it's important to look at what this implies in terms of a 2-year CAGR, and that's a CAGR of 20% to 24%. So we feel great about that outsized performance relative to the algorithm. What I would tell you is we have seen, as we mentioned, seen increased pressure from freight. And so that is the limiting factor here in terms of the ability to take that up. We did -- as others saw, we did see heightened pressures around transportation to a lesser extent. We mentioned with our LIFO provision, we did see higher costs in terms of product costs, and that's largely a function of some transportation costs being passed through. So really, that's the driver of that. But again, I would tell you, we feel great about the fundamentals of the business, never been better. And we're going to wait and see how things play out. But that's really the pressures as we look at the back half of the year. And again, we believe them to be transitory in nature and very pleased with the performance based on the -- that the guidance would indicate in terms of being a step change to the top line and the bottom line over the normal algorithm. 
John Garratt: Yes. In terms of -- when you strip out the noise of the freight costs, it is the same fundamental drivers, and we continue to see huge benefits from initiatives like DG Fresh, NCI. And again, we've been talking for several quarters around as we kept calling out the 3 biggest drivers, it was lower product costs associated with DG Fresh. It was lower markdowns and favorable mix, and a big driver of that was NCI. So we're continuing to see those benefits. They're continuing to grow. I don't want to give a specific number on that, but I would say, that continues to be the biggest drivers of -- when you strip out the noise of what's been the biggest levers to improve our gross margin. So that's not changed. What has changed is, one, the much more difficult lap of NCI from -- of the 40% nonconsumable growth we lapped in this quarter and then the heightened pressures associated with freight and, to a lesser extent, product costs. So the fundamentals are unchanged. That's really the drivers. We didn't give a specific number on freight, but what I would tell you is, as we listed out the headwinds, that was the #1 headwind that we called out. And then we did say, as we look in the back half of the year, that's similar to Q2, we expect that to be a -- although we think it's transitory over the longer term, that continues to be a growing headwind for us versus what we previously thought. 
John Garratt: Yes. What we have seen is when you look at the employee environment, I'll start with that. What we initially saw as those states rolled off the enhanced unemployment benefits. What we did see was an initial nice pickup in applicant flow and staffing. The good news now is we're seeing that across the system. And so it's hard to discern that impact now because everything is up. And so that's been helpful. We did see a little bit, not a huge impact, but we did see a little bit of a negative impact in states when the enhanced unemployment benefits rolled off. But then as I mentioned, then you have the benefit of the child tax credit. And that's why we said as we look at all the puts and takes, the way we see it now, we think it's directionally offsetting. 
