Jeffery Owen: Thanks, Matt. We are very pleased with our 6.8% comp sales increase. And as you mentioned, seeing traffic accelerate again for the second consecutive quarter was very nice to see, and also continuing to grow market share. We grew market share in our consumables and our nonconsumable business. And so when you think about that, our outperformance on sales really was driven in the consumables business, and it really is a testament to our going where the customer wants us to go. And that is something we've always done here at Dollar General. And I think it's a testament to the relevance of our box. When you think about our box and how we've continued to make it a fuller fill in shop, it really speaks to our ability to serve a broad spectrum of customers. And as you mentioned, with customers -- our core customer, one thing that is encouraging to see is she's still gainfully employed. And we've long said that is the single greatest factor in her economic health. So it's encouraging to see that, and it's encouraging to see us grow productivity and share with her. And also the encouraging thing we saw this quarter is we grew share in all income levels. And so that's particularly good to see when you think about the higher income levels. One of the things we've been very pleased at is our ability to retain that COVID customer higher than we expected to over the course of several quarters, and we continue to see that here. And we also saw us grow share and customers in the $100,000 income level. So when you step back and think about it, it again just points to our ability to serve multiple income cohorts. And that will set us up extremely well as we look to the future and our ability to not only make our core customer more productive, but also the ability to retain these new customers. So we feel real good about that. And as I mentioned around the consumable business, we're pleased with the performance there. And I think the thing to keep in mind, as you step back and you think about where Dollar General is today, our consumable business is a much different business from a profitability standpoint due to our strategic initiatives. When you think about NCI, our health offering, DG Fresh, it really has made that business a different business from a profitability standpoint. In fact, in the third quarter, our gross margin is 100 basis points higher than it was in 2019, just to give you a little bit of color there. So again, we feel good about the top line. And as we look forward, we feel we're really well positioned to serve a multiple cohorts of customers in this economic environment. And I'd also say that we're excited to deliver more real estate projects in 2023 than we've ever done at Dollar General. And I think it's a testament to the robust pipeline and then also the strategic initiatives. So I feel real good about where we are from a sales standpoint and our position to be able to serve our broad customer base as we look forward. 
Jeffery Owen: Corey, this is Jeff. Thank you for your question. And I'll start with the customer. I'll reiterate the fact that her gainfully being employed is, again, a very important factor to economic health. And so when we talk to our customers, and I feel like our teams do that better than just about anybody. What we hear is she's feeling the pressure of energy prices and fuel and just the everyday needs are -- it's hard to -- for her to make ends meet. And so she's behaving pretty much exactly the way we would expect her to in times like this. So what we're seeing from her is, as you alluded to, she's coming to us more often. She's buying fewer items on each occasion. And one of the things that we're very pleased is we're being able to help serve her needs through affordability. And our leaning into the dollar price point, our customer is responding incredibly well to that. And I just -- a testament to our team and to our ability to go where the customer wants us to around our $1 price point and affordability. But when you think about the consumable business, as you mentioned before, you got again, really step back and think about the strategic initiatives and how that has allowed us to really have a more profitable business there. And we've long used consumables to drive traffic and nonconsumables to build the basket. And so as we think about our -- excuse me, the nonconsumable, as you mentioned, certainly, we continue to be pleased with what we're seeing on NCI, and its ability to really provide that value. When you think about NCI, 80% of the items are $5 or less. And so when you think about our ability to drive traffic through consumables, and then also see a little bit of our ability to rotate the product, the treasure hunt, our breadth strategy. We feel real good about our ability to help that customer continue to get the things they need and the things that they want. One last thing I'll say around private brand. I mean, we continue to be very pleased with what we're seeing on penetration. But the other thing you got to keep in mind is our customer, again, she's very brand-focused as well. And it's very important to her. And that's where it's important to really lean into our scale. As John mentioned earlier, the ability of Dollar General and a limited SKU retailer to be able to trade out brands, if necessary for our customer is a really, really powerful way for us to serve for better. And we've said this before, but our customer treats a brand as a brand. And so it gives us the ability to make sure that we're providing her with the value she needs. And our merchant team does that probably better than anybody in retail, in my view. So as you step back and think about it, we feel we're well positioned and really excited about our ability to continue to listen to our customer go where she wants us to go. And you combine that with the more profitable consumable business and our strategic initiatives and really set up nicely for us to continue to serve her, as we've done for many, many years in all economic cycles. 
Jeffery Owen: Yes, Corey, I'll start and then I'll let John fill in on some of your questions around returns. But our real estate model continues to be a huge strength of this business. I mean the low-risk and high-return model is incredibly powerful. And when you think about the retail landscape today, when you think about some of the challenges other retailers have talked about on the real estate front, I'm just very, very excited and proud of the fact that we're going to deliver more projects than we ever have at Dollar General in 2023. And with 1,050 new stores, it continues to just highlight our ability to serve the customer and our ability through format innovation, our real estate model, our technology, we're able to go where the customer needs us to go. And so feel great about that. And really pleased at the fact, through format innovation, this larger store we're opening, our new store performance has been incredibly positive. And I'm very, very pleased at our ability to exceed our pro formas, and we continue to see that. So that larger store format is continuing to deliver higher sales per square foot, which is excited. And as you know, the large majority of our openings are in that larger footprint. But as you think about the next year in the future, I think the other thing that excites us here is the pipeline that we have. And on the U.S. alone, we have 16,000 additional opportunities, and we feel great about our ability to capture those. And certainly, our fair share, which we've certainly demonstrated, but 12,000 additional for DG, 3,000 for pOpshelf and then 1,000 for DGX. So stepping back, you can probably hear in my excitement about the real estate and our ability to continue to grow here. And we feel like we're being very prudent in this environment, I'm very, very pleased with the team's performance here. So I'll kick it over to John for your return question. 
Jeffery Owen: Yes. Thanks. I'll tell you, as we said before, the delays of our temporary storage facilities, certainly, that unexpected delay did impact the quarter from a profitability standpoint. But again, I reiterate how pleased we were with the strong sales performance we saw. And the nice thing is like it normally is at DG, it's pretty broad-based. And so I think, again, that goes to the consistency of our ability to serve a customer across, not only a broad swath of the United States, but also around the income levels I mentioned earlier. And we're very pleased and excited that our temporary storage facilities are now online. We're also excited that our 2 new permanent regional hubs that are going to serve us extremely well. As we look to the future, they're also online. And of course, those things will take some time to get fully productive and to allow us to catch-up. So again, I would also mention we're pleased that we had in stock improvement year-over-year in Q3. So again, when you kind of bundle it all together, I think the team did a nice job of overcoming some of these challenges, to deliver for the customer, go where she wants us to go. I think that translated into our strong comp, our strong market share gains in both consumables and nonconsumables and a second consecutive quarter of sequential traffic increases. So again, feel pleased about the top line and feel pleased about where we have opened up our capacity. And finally, I'll just mention, as you look forward over the next 18 months, bringing on 4 permanent facilities, that will increase our capacity by 20%. And is something we factored into our strategic plan and feel great about how that's going to serve us well and allow us to continue to grow this business in the years ahead. 
Jeffery Owen: Yes. Rupesh, as I said earlier, we're very pleased to be able to see that we're growing share in customers across all income levels. So that's encouraging. And really, again, I go back to the relevance of our brand of our box and our tremendous ability to listen and respond to what our customers are looking for. And certainly, I would tell you, the core customer is certainly behaving the way we expected her to. And also, as you think about it, one of the things that we continue to be pleased with is the fact that when we were introduced to that new customer during COVID, we continue to retain her at higher-than-expected levels. So I would say that as we sit here today, we feel real good about what we're seeing across all the income brackets. We feel real good about seeing the growth there. And I think we're very well positioned to continue to serve them. And I think if you step back and think about Dollar General, we're an all-weather brand, and we've been doing this for many, many years, and we continue to do that. And so -- and we will continue to do that. We'll go where the customer wants us to go, which we did this quarter. And we're also positioned to continue to do that as we move forward and continue to deliver on our strategic initiatives that really makes a more well-rounded shop and a greater appeal for a broad swath of customers. 
Jeffery Owen: Well, thank you for all the questions and your continued interest in Dollar General. I just wanted to wrap up with 3 points. First, while we had some unanticipated challenges within our supply chain during the quarter, we're confident in the actions we've taken to address these near-term issues and expect continued improvement as we move through Q4 and into next year; second, we believe we are well positioned to keep growing market share, especially in an environment where customers are even more focused on value; and third, we believe our strong value and convenience proposition combined with our robust portfolio of strategic initiatives sets us up for a very long runway of growth. And we couldn't be more excited about where the future is headed. I want to thank you again for listening, and I hope you have a great day. 
John Garratt: Sure, Matt. I'll start with the question around the supply chain costs. And as we called out versus previous expectations, the supply chain costs were a significant headwind more than $40 million above our previous expectations for Q3. And we do see this as near-term. And we're making very good progress toward resolving our storage capacity constraints as more capacity comes online. And we do believe some of these cost pressures, nonetheless, will carry over into Q4. However, we do expect this will largely be resolved in Q1 of next year. So as we look ahead, we anticipate supply chain costs, both internal and external in 2023 to be down quite a bit. We're obviously seeing it improving as others market for carrier costs as well. And so that as a potential tailwind going forward. And then LIFO as well. We're seeing the pace that while it will continue to pressure, Q4, we are seeing the pace of cost increases continue to moderate. And as we look at next year, we'd expect less pressure from LIFO. So certainly, some near-term pressures between LIFO between the supply chain cost. We also mentioned the sales mix shift and shrink and damages. But as we look to 2023 and beyond, we feel good about, as Jeff mentioned, one, the sales momentum in the business; but also moderating product cost and inflation, particularly around supply chain and LIFO. And as you look at the initiatives, we have that continue to contribute the other levers we have, not to mention our scale and where we're at in price, we don't see a need to invest. We feel that we're very well positioned as we look ahead to the future to continue expanding gross margin over the long-term. 
John Garratt: You asked about markdowns as well. I didn't want to miss that question. As you look at markdown risk, while up from the unusually low levels last year, markdowns are still well below pre-pandemic levels. If you look at the majority of the inventory growth, it's really driven by inflation. The team has done a good job anticipating the mix shift in consumer demand and has proactively been adjusting orders. And as a result, we feel very good about the quality of the inventory, ability to mitigate the markdown risk. As always, we've set aside, what we believe is an appropriate markdown level for the upcoming Christmas season. And of course, this is all reflected in our guidance. 
John Garratt: Sure. So as you mentioned, we won't be giving specific guidance on this call. We'll certainly share that on the March call. But I'll just start by reiterating that we feel great about the fundamentals of the business, the sales momentum, coupled with the moderating cost pressures that I just articulated. And as you called out, it is a 1 less week next year that's important to bear in mind. But again, as you look at the fundamentals of the business, they're very strong. We continue to see ourselves as 10% EPS growers over the long-term. Now we will always balance that with investing back in the business for the long-term, but feel we're very well positioned. And more to come for next year, but feel great about the momentum of the business fundamentals. 
John Garratt: So as you look at the drivers of the additional pressure on Q4, it's the same drivers as Q3, the order is a little bit different. As you look at what we anticipate as the key pressures on Q4 margins is still healthy flow-through, but less than previously expected. The big difference is, first the mix shift. We did see a mix shift in the consumables as customers face financial pressures. We want to go where the customer goes, and like the sales we're seeing, but it does pressure your margin a little bit with the mix of the sales. The other piece -- we did see -- we mentioned as we progressed through Q3 is a greater headwind from inventory shrink and damages. And that shrink can have a tail to that. Rest assured, the team knows how to deal with this and is taking actions to address it. But it does have a tail to it. And then while we are making good progress resolving our storage capacity constraints with the capacity online, we do believe, as we mentioned, that some of this will carry over into Q4, but be largely resolved by Q1. So that's the big versus our previous expectations. Obviously, the other big one is LIFO. As you look at LIFO, we called out $148 million in Q3, while we believe the product cost headwind is beginning to moderate. The prior cost increases will continue to pressure Q4 LIFO, and you could do the math as you do -- as you spread that across the year. So that's really the key drivers. But again, I'll just reiterate, many of these are transitory in nature. And as we look ahead to the future, we feel we're well positioned to resume growing our gross margin over the long-term with the initiatives, the levers, our scale and the pricing position we're in. 
John Garratt: Yes. And just -- echoing Jeff's comments, we're very pleased with the results we're seeing. As he mentioned, we're above pro forma in sales, which puts us ahead of schedule in terms of the IRRs. Again, we target a 20% to 22% after-tax IRR based on the sales. And as we outperform in sales, that puts us a little ahead on the returns as well. And feel not only great about the -- and again, it's always important to bear in mind that it includes the impact of cannibalization, which is very minimal, has been very consistent, just given the localized nature of the shop. We continue to see paybacks less than 2 years. So it continues to be a fantastic investment that we continue to hit the gas on. And we're also really pleased with returns we get on our remodels as well, and we're doing not only a record number of overall projects this year, but a record number of remodels, which really helps drive the comp. 
John Garratt: No. No. Thank you, Michael. I'll try and tackle each of these. In terms of the carryover impact of the supply chain costs. We didn't give a specific number on that. It will be less, but still a meaningful impact to us. In terms of LIFO, the way to think about that is even though we don't anticipate -- we anticipate a slowdown in the number of price increases. The way you do that number is at a point in time, we project the full year impact of all the price increases we're aware of, and we spread that across the year. So that gets you in the game of what Q4 looks like. And as we look ahead to next year, it remains to be seen, but would anticipate a considerable reduction to that LIFO number. So as you look at -- as I mentioned, as you look ahead to next year, we think the supply chain costs will be down considerably because we won't have these near-term onetime costs, we don't anticipate because we think that will be resolved in Q1. And then the market is favorable in terms of just overall transportation costs, both foreign and domestic. And of course, we continue to stand up our private fleet, which we're going to -- every time we convert, we take 20% out and we're going to double that in size this year. So that's certainly a significant savings driver for us as well. And so as you look ahead to next year, I think it's safe to assume that there's a number of tailwinds. There's certainly some headwinds we mentioned. We'll have to wait and see what the mix does. We want to be there for the customer, and we'll go where she goes. So we have to see where that goes. As we said, shrink has a tail to it. And we're all over it. We know how to attack that, but it does have a bit of a tail. So as you look ahead to next year, there's some puts and takes. But again, we feel like there's a lot of tailwinds when you think of LIFO, when you think of the supply chain costs and all the other levers that we've talked about, not to mention the initiatives. 
John Garratt: Yes. I'll just reiterate, we see most of the pressures as transitory. When you look at the LIFO, when you look at the supply chain, we see that as transitory. We still feel very good about our nonconsumable products, and see this more as a transitory macro pressure. Again, we're growing share. We're just kind of following the market trend, which people are just shopping more toward consumables versus discretionary items. But we're taking share and feel that will certainly do very well there as the economy improves. And just structurally, we feel we're well positioned in terms of -- as we look at wages, we feel we're well positioned in terms of applicant flow and staffing levels. We feel we're investing appropriately in the business. We feel that our pricing is very appropriate. And again, I think it's important to mention that as you look at Q3, yes, we were down 27 basis points in gross margin, but we're still about 1 point above pre-pandemic levels despite all these transitory pressures I mentioned. We're still a point above where we were back in 2019 and Q3. 
John Garratt: Yes. So as we mentioned, we saw increased shrink later in Q3. We believe this is largely -- Rupesh, largely attributable to the inflationary environment, coupled with higher inventory levels. Overall, as you know, retail is seeing higher shrink in this environment. Now this can have a tail. So we did say we expect this to carry over into Q4. I think it's instructive as we listed out the gross margin drivers, I think that was the last on the list of drivers for Q3. But bear in mind, that was later in Q3. So we anticipate a larger -- probably a larger impact if you have a full quarter of that in Q4. But in Q3, it was the smallest of the items we called out. But again, we've done this drill many times. If you look at our shrink levels, they're still very low from a historical perspective, just not quite as low as we were at record levels recently. But the team knows how to execute against this, and I think we're putting the right tactics in place to address it.  We're increasing the amount of tagging with -- for our EAS units. We're leveraging technology like exception-based reporting, and we have very good process rigor and focus on this to tame it. But we'll have a little bit of tail until these actions take hold. 
