John Garratt: Yes, so I'll tackle both those questions, Michael. This is John. First of all, I'd say we're really pleased with what we did in 2020, expanding our operating margin 223 basis points. We didn't give specific guidance on operating margin or the components. But we did call out that some of the headwinds, the biggest headwind being the SG&A deleverage that goes along with lower comp sales this year.  We also talked about anticipating a mix shift back toward consumables, which does have a margin impact to both the sales mix as well as markdowns, as we would be lapping unusually low clearance markdowns last year. And then we also mentioned higher carrier rates and fuel costs. So these are all costs that pressure operating margin overall.  Now you also asked about gross margin. As you think about gross margin, again, we feel great about what we did this year, delivering 77 basis points of gross margin expansion. This is our seventh consecutive quarter doing that, 117 basis points for the year. And to your point, initiatives like DG Fresh and NCI are really contributing and impactful to the biggest drivers that we called out. The 3 biggest drivers we called out were lower markdowns, higher initial markups and the mix benefit in NCI and DG Fresh were significant contributors to those.  But we also, as I mentioned, are seeing, in the near term, higher distribution and transportation costs. So as we look ahead in the near term, these will weigh in the near term. But as you look at the longer term, we do feel like we're well positioned to continue expanding -- resume expanding gross margin and operating margin over the longer term for the reasons you mentioned, the scaling of these initiatives that are the gifts that keep on giving and all the levers we've talked about before within gross margin and within SG&A.  But at the same time, it's noted that we continue to invest in the business. And so to make sure we sustain our ambition of being 10% double-digit EPS growers over the long term, we are continuing, as we called out, to reinvest in the business. We mentioned $60 million to $70 million that's hitting SG&A next year.  And then the other thing I'll mention is in terms of COVID expenses, we will continue to have some COVID expenses associated with protecting and ensuring the health and safety of our employees and customers. How much that is going to be varies on what the situation dictates. But we've captured all our best estimates in the guidance for these drivers. 
John Garratt: Yes. I can help you there, Michael. I'll start by saying it's bumpy, right? There's a lot of noise. You had the storm in February. And then in March, you're extrapolating over a very short period of time, which was pretty bumpy last year. But to help you out here, we called out, yes, as you mentioned, the negative 16% month-to-date from the end of February through March 16 this year. If you look at the corresponding period of time last year, it was not dissimilar to the 34.5% comp where we ended the period, so fairly representative. But again, there's a fair bit of noise within this so I'd be cautious in extrapolating too much based on that. But hopefully, that helps you understand where we were at this point. 
John Garratt: Sure. Let me unpack that for you. And again, just dialing the clock back a little bit, we've said historically that this model works really well at a 2% to 4% comp. That's the engine of the 10%-plus EPS growth algorithm. So with a 2-year comp stack of 10% to 12% over 2 years, that represents a pretty meaningful step-change improvement over that. And I tell you, we feel great about the fundamentals of the business. As you said, the relevance of the brand, the broadening appeal, the new customers we've brought in, the bigger baskets we're enjoying, I'd say the business model has never been stronger. And as noted, the initiatives are really clicking and contributing to this relevance. So we feel good about the guidance that we've provided.  But we did note that -- and it's based on what we know, but what we did note was that we didn't include the impact of stimulus because it's really relatively unknown what impact it will have, to what degree it might help. So that's not taken into consideration in the guidance. It could be an upside. I hope it is. But there's just a lot of uncertainty when you think about: one, compared to the previous stimulus rounds, which helped us, the economy is opening up now more. And so we are competing with other segments of the economy outside of retail for that share of wallet. So how much we get is uncertain.  And then the other piece is surveys of consumers have said that they plan to save more this time. They plan to spend more paying off bills. Now a lot of times, what people say and do is 2 different things and so it remains to be seen if that's the case. So we're cautiously optimistic. We didn't build it in. It could be an upside, but it's just very difficult to say if it will be upside and to what degree. 
John Garratt: Yes. Again, I don't want to get into the specifics of guidance around operating margin for this year. We wanted to give -- there's a high degree of uncertainty, we wanted to give some guidance that we gave the top line and the bottom line. I'll just say that we're really pleased with the performance we've been delivering over the last few years, growing our gross margin and the operating margin again over 2 points this year.  But again, there's a lot of unknown this year, a lot of potential pressures. With that comp that we mentioned, when you look at this year, that does create some deleverage. And again, we are investing in the business. Now again, that investment piece is accretive, but then you do have other pressures such as carrier rates, and then obviously, you do have other inflationary pressures. 
John Garratt: Yes. I'll tackle both of those. First, in terms of the COVID spend, obviously, we're going to do what's necessary to ensure the health and safety of our employees and customers. The guidance captures the best guess of the spending needs associated with that. That's, of course, going to vary based on the severity and duration of the pandemic. But safe to say, we've built in a considerable reduction of that, assuming an improvement of the situation there. And that's what's captured in the guidance. We didn't give a specific number on that, but it is a considerable step down.  As you think about SG&A and the 2.5% to 3% leverage point, we've kind of dissuaded people from sticking to that because there is that geography that you noted. One, we are investing in SG&A to drive overall operating margin expansion, particularly gross margin. And so as you look at things like DG Fresh, as we're taking over self-distribution NCI, you spend a little bit on SG&A to save a lot more and drive a lot more benefit on gross margin, so it's very beneficial, overall. But it does throw off the math on that.  And then there are some other initiatives like POP SHELF and others that are more -- have more of a start-up cost nature. So it pressures that. And then the other thing we've done is we've really stepped up the remodels, and so that puts a little bit of pressure on the front end of that. So if you strip all those out, that's a lot to strip out, that, as well as the COVID expenses, yes, we're still looking at that 2.5% to 3% leverage point. Nothing has structurally changed. And our -- certainly, our focus on cost containment is sharper than ever.  But that's really the only change to that. But for the next few years, as we scale those and we operationalize DG Fresh, you have to put a little bit of labor in the stores, for instance, and a little bit of contract labor to remodel the stores. That's really the big driver of that. But overall, it's accretive from a dollar perspective and a rate perspective. 
John Garratt: Yes. That's a good question. I'll start with the second question. As you look at the guidance we provided this year, we do -- a key element of that is assuming that we retain a considerable portion of the new customers that came in and the bigger baskets that came in. A big piece of that is the initiatives we've put in place, like NCI that position us so well to get a piece of that share of wallet as people came into the brand and like what they saw as well as the coolers that provided a fuller fill in trip when people are looking for groceries. So we've assumed a pretty considerable retention of that.  But as we've looked at it throughout the year, we've also said that the share of wallet probably will shift a little bit. Right now, there is, concurrent with the pandemic, there is a consolidation of trips and we're benefiting from that as well as, again, benefiting from that share of wallet. So as you go through the year, we assume you do lose a little bit of that tailwind as you're competing with other segments of the economy for that share of wallet. But still very positive on how much we can retain and, again, the fundamentals of the business and the relevance of the brand as people have come in.  And again, as we said, I don't want to dissect February and March too much because again, it was pretty bumpy with the storms in February and a lot of puts and takes in March. And again, you're extrapolating over a pretty short period of time. So when you strip out all the noise, I would tell you that, again, with the guidance we provided, that contemplates what we've seen up to this point. And I think the wildcard is, again, stimulus, and we just didn't put anything in for that because we just don't know what that benefit will be and to what degree. 
John Garratt: No. I would say, as you strip out some of the noise I mentioned, we think the core business is performing similar and performing very well when you look at those stacks. 
John Garratt: Yes. And then to the second part of the question, and I agree with you, there's just a lot of noise in 2021. I think one thing I would point to, as you look at over that 2-year period, lots of puts and takes. But when you get to the bottom line, a 2-year CAGR of 15% to 20%, I think, really speaks to the step-change performance in the top line and the flow-through. It makes you feel good about the future.  Now I don't want to give specific guidance around 2022. It's premature for that. But as you unpack the drivers of gross margin in Q4 and for the full year, as I mentioned, it's the strategic initiatives which are the core drivers of that. And those still have a lot of tentacles and legs to those that help us going forward. And we're reloading with other initiatives to help drive gross margin.  Now the one thing that, we mentioned, [ juiced ] 2020 a little bit was the mix. So that's why we cautioned that we expect the mix to normalize or move back toward consumables somewhat, which is a bit of a drag. But the thing -- the other items driving that gross margin expansion, we expect to continue. And so that's why I mentioned that as we get through the noise of this year and would encourage people to look at that 2-year stack and push forward, the same drivers are there, that makes you feel good about our ability to continue to grow gross margin over the long term, not only the scaling of the existing initiatives in new ones but really pleased what we've seen with the shrink improvement, the supply chain efficiencies, a lot of opportunities still around private brands, penetration expansion for in-sourcing expansion. The team continues to do a great job with category management.  Again, when you look at our scale and our growing scale as a limited SKU shop, it really puts us in a very favorable position to get best pricing there and protect our margins while also being well priced. And on the price front, we'll always reserve the right to invest as needed. But as we look at now and as we've seen for quite a while now, we feel like we're in the best position on pricing we've been in and don't see, at least the foreseeable future, the need to invest there. So we feel good about the long-term ability to continue to grow gross margin while also driving traffic and sales. 
John Garratt: Well, I think the way to -- yes, I think the way to look at this is, I think we did quantify the impact of the storm on operating profit, and a meaningful piece of that was the sales impact. So if you look at the overall dollars we quantified, about half of that was sales flow-through. So maybe that's the way to dimensionalize that. 
John Garratt: Yes. I'll start by saying our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. And the first priority remains investing in high-return growth opportunities like new store growth, remodels and the strategic initiatives that just provide fantastic returns. Then it's still continuing to pay a competitive dividend, which we recently increased 16.7%.  And then it's buying back shares with the excess cash and debt capacity. But as we've always noted, we want to protect our current investment-grade credit rating, so we keep the leverage ratio around 3. So we bought back this year. I mean, we're able to do all and buy back $2.5 billion of shares with the extra cash. Next year, we're targeting $1.8 billion. And then I think also, meaningfully, what you saw last year is we accelerated virtually every strategic initiative with the extra cash, which is again our first priority, investing in the business. So that served us very well and remains unchanged. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. This is Todd. Yes, I would tell you, let me take the second part first. I would tell you that, that comp, we believe that we are retaining a nice portion of the new customers that we saw come in. We can see that with our data at a pretty good real-time rate. And the great thing is, we've seen them continue to come back, so repeat as well. So we feel good about that going into '21. We see them still here in '21, which is really good to see.  And again, with all of our initiatives that we've got put together, I would tell you that it gives her a lot of confidence to continue to shop with us. So I know I'm not going to give you exactly what you're looking for, but I would tell you that it plays a portion of it. But I would also say that all of our initiatives also really come into play here.  And then what we've seen so far, just to give you a little bit more color, nonconsumables or that discretionary side of the business continues to do very well for us into the early part of Q1 here. And as we move through March, it will become even more meaningful because as you recall, the stock-up trip from last year, with the pandemic, with paper and cleaning and many of the consumable, food, perishable areas really took off last year and nonconsumables were a little soft, quite frankly. And we're seeing the opposite, quite frankly, right now. So that's great to see.  But what we can also see is that our initiatives around nonconsumables has really helped because our baskets seem to be a little higher with those nonconsumables in them as well. So they're spending at a good rate there, and we believe that she'll continue to do that as we move into the middle part of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Karen, I would also just say real quick and then get to the next question, is that I feel as good about this business than I have the 12, almost 13 years that I've been here. And the long-term outlook of this business is stronger than ever. And as John indicated, I think once we get through the noise of '21, I believe that algorithm is very much intact. And as you have seen, even prior to COVID, we were running at the top end of that algorithm and many of the components of it. And there's no reason why that shouldn't continue as we can -- as we go long term. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Rupesh, I would tell you, from a position of strength last year, we've positioned ourselves to be in the best position in pricing than we've been in many, many years. And so if you take a look at our everyday pricing, we are better than we've been across all channels of trade. And as John indicated, the promotional environment has been pretty stable and tame, and quite frankly, has been that way for 1.5 years. So we feel pretty good about where we are but always reserve the right if we need to help our consumer out, we'll do that. But right now, we don't see that in the near future. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you the consumer -- our core consumers always stretch, as you know, but I have to repeat that each time because she really is. And I would tell you that in the last 6 to 8 months, she's felt the stress of this pandemic probably a little bit more than she was feeling in the early part of the pandemic. And in some cases, because again, lack of work or not working that full 40-hour shift to that full-time that she was doing in many cases. And our core consumer is probably a little bit more stretched at this point.  In saying that, what we have also seen, though, is her ability to spend when she needs to and stimulus has really helped that. So we're in round 3, and as I indicated, it's very early on in that third round. We're bullish on her ability to have some extra money to spend. And we're also bullish, when we think about the back half of the year, the child tax credit piece that will be coming out for children from July through December should also benefit our core consumer.  And then obviously, the extension of the SNAP benefit piece also helps. So there is a lot of tailwind. We just, in our guidance, didn't contemplate any of that because, again, it's so -- first of all, it's so new, we just don't know how to dimensionalize it. But I think the important thing, Rupesh, to keep in mind is that we're well positioned to capture a large portion of that if she's outspending it. And I believe she will spend it. That is who our core consumer is. But as John said, there are other -- we're not as concerned about retail. We believe we will get our -- more than our fair share at retail. It's just some of these other areas that are now open, whether it be dining out, whether it be travel, to some degree, that will be competed against. But we still feel good about being able to service her with that extra money. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, that's a great question. And I would tell you, first of all, our core consumer is a little bit of a different consumer than the POP SHELF consumer. But in the areas that we're looking to put these store-within-the-store concepts, it is a little higher demographic than our core.  So just to give you some color, in these areas, the demographics are more in the $50,000 to $75,000 income range versus our true Dollar General of $35,000 to $40,000 range, somewhere in there. So it's not quite the POP SHELF, where it's $75,000-plus. But I believe that the crossover, there's enough there to entice the consumer to come in.  The second piece of it is that we believe that -- and we've already proven it with some cross-pollination of items within Dollar General that were in POP SHELF and how well they sold within the box of just a true Dollar General without even having any signage up with POP SHELF. So we know those same items will resonate with even our core consumers. So we believe we can capture both sides of that equation, higher end as well as continue to service the lower-end consumer with this new box. It is a test, right? So just keep that in mind. It will be 25 stores this year. But if it works, and we believe it will, there could be some additional ones that we do in '22 and many more as we continue to move forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thank you. Well, we started that retention effort back in September. We thought it was the right time to start launching it because we knew, because of the way we were doing it, this wasn't a pricing item retention strategy. This was a retention strategy to keep Dollar General top of mind with these newer customers. And when the pandemic starts to wane, we would keep -- Dollar General would still be in the consideration set.  So to be able to do that, it takes months to be able to instill that piece into the customer's mindset. And so we've been working it hard, now for the better part of 5 months, coming on 6 months. And we believe that we've seen the benefit of that already. When we saw the benefits of stimulus start to wane in November and even early December before the second wave came out, we were still seeing that repeat customer come into the store. So that gave us confidence that what we were doing was working.  And now even into Q1, as I mentioned earlier, we're still seeing that core customer -- or I'm sorry, that new customer show up within our stores. Even though the pandemic is starting to wane even a little bit more, we're still seeing that customer. We will not leave the foot off the accelerator here. We believe that we'll continue to do everything we can to drive that consumer in. And as John indicated, a large part of that comp this year is predicated on retaining a good portion of those consumers, which, again, we believe we have the right to service that consumer based on what we've seen so far. 
