Todd Vasos: Thank you, Mary Winn, and welcome to everyone joining our call. I'm pleased with our third quarter performance, as the Dollar General team delivered strong same-store sales growth, driven by an increase in average transaction amount and positive traffic, all while expanding gross profit margin and exhibiting good underlying expense control. We are excited about our plans for the fourth quarter and into the new year. Our third quarter results were achieved even in the midst of the hurricanes that impacted our business during the quarter. We estimate that the net negative impact of these storms in the quarter, including loss of inventory and incremental repairs for damages and other expenses, offset by increased sales, was approximately $0.05 per diluted share. I'd like to thank and also recognize all of the Dollar General teams that worked extensively to be there in advance of the storms and afterwards to support our communities during the recovery process. When our employees, customers and communities needed us, team members from across the organization were there providing support for our impacted stores and co-workers. To all the teams that worked so hard to ensure our co-workers' safety, to secure and staff our stores and to meet the needs of our customers, thank you. This dedication to our mission of serving others is what makes us and our company so special. Turning now to the highlights of the third quarter of 2017. Net sales increased 11% to $5.9 billion, and same-store sales grew 4.3% as compared to the prior year third quarter. Same-store sales for the quarter benefited by an estimated 30 to 35 basis points from incremental sales due to the hurricanes. Same-store sales growth was positive for both consumables and combined non-consumable categories, with stronger growth in consumables. Our highly consumable market share trends in syndicated data continue to exhibit strength with high single-digit share growth in both units and dollars over the 12-, 24- and 52-week periods ending November 4. Our mature store base, which are stores that are over 5 years old and have not been remodeled or relocated, continues to deliver the best same-store sales growth that we've seen in 4 years. In addition, the contribution of same-store sales growth from our real estate maturation curve, including new stores, relocations and remodels, was at the high end of our expectations. We executed 634 real estate projects in the quarter, including 470 new store openings. Net income was $253 million and diluted earnings per share grew 11% to $0.93, which includes $0.05 per share for the estimated net negative impact associated with the hurricanes. Year-to-date through the 2017 third quarter, we have returned $512 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 4 million shares of common stock and the payment of quarterly dividends. Given our year-to-date performance and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are narrowing our reported EPS guidance for the full year. John will provide more details on our outlook. The fundamentals of our business remain strong. Our third quarter results demonstrate our ability to deliver strong top line growth as we delivered the best same-store sales growth in 11 quarters. Now I'll turn the call over to John to go through more details of the quarter and our outlook, then I'll share some highlights of our initiatives for fiscal 2018. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. We -- the one thing about what we've seen on the wage front is we continue to be, right now as we stand today, at our highest level of participation inside of our stores, meaning open positions are at some of the lowest levels we've seen. So we feel very good about where we are as it relates to the wages that we pay. There's no doubt that in certain states and municipalities, we've seen additional wage pressures, but we continue to operate in those environments just like we do everywhere else. As we go into 2018, we believe that some of the increase in wages, whether it be with our core consumer or others, should help continue to benefit the economy in totality, which I believe that with our initiatives that we have in place, we should get more than our fair share of that participation. So we feel good about where the consumer is right now, but as I always say, we work under the premise that she's always tight, because her expenses continue to rise on the other side of expense -- excuse me, of her income rising. So we continue to make sure we're laser-focused on offering value and convenience every day for our consumer. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. We continue to be very, very encouraged on the remodel program, both our traditional remodels and our remodels that incorporate the additional coolers and in some of those, the entrance of produce in some of those locations. Those locations, in particular, continue to outpace our normal remodel program almost 3x. And that's what gives us great confidence as we expand the remodel program next year up to 400 stores that -- 1,000 stores, excuse me, but 400 of them being under that banner of the larger coolers and in some cases, not all 400, but in some, additional produce. So it continues to do very well. The customers are resonating well. We continue to see that we get about one additional trip in those stores than normal from our core customer because of that expansion of coolers. And by the way, we see expansion in those remodels in health and beauty as well and in some of our non-consumable categories. So all ships in the harbor, if you will, rise within those remodels. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, we're very happy with the investments that we made in -- here in early 2017. As I indicated, our store manager investments in both compensation and training are really paying off. We're -- what we're very proud about here is that we are seeing lowest turnover rates in recorded history from our store managers. And being an old operator, and I use the term old myself, there is nothing more important than the store manager to the key of any company's success in retail. So I think we made the exact right move in the investment in both the compensation and training. And we don't see -- we think we're in a great spot, based on everything we've seen and heard and continue to see out in the marketplace as far as compensation is concerned. So we don't see another round of large investment there. And we'll continue to monitor it, and we'll continue to ensure that our store managers and all of our employees are taken care of on a compensation basis, where appropriate. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, obviously, our core customer does rely on assistance in many areas. But the one thing that we see is that if we continue to show our core customer quality and value, give her a reason to shop with Dollar General, she'll shop with us no matter what kind of economic condition is out there. And as we've always said, when times are tough, and they could be tougher if certain things happen along governor -- government assistance, then she needs us more and -- because we offer that great value. So we feel that over time, she figures that out, figures her budget out, and over time, we can continue to deliver a real benefit to her through our everyday low prices and convenience. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Paul, when you look at -- in our top line sales, we delivered exactly what we said we were going to deliver. And we knew that the transitory headwinds that we had called out would start to subside as we moved through third quarter and into the fourth quarter as well. We saw that, but what we also saw was our initiatives really starting to take hold and really make a difference, both on the consumable side and the non-consumable side of the ledger. So it was great to see the teams -- the category management teams have done a great job of working in tandem with our store teams and our marketing teams to get the message out. Our core customer continues to rely on Dollar General very heavily to offer that value, that convenience. And what we continue to do is we continue to be a leader in that, in the channel. And as you look at our initiatives for the balance of '17 and into '18, it really capitalizes, I believe, on what our core strengths are, and exactly it is all put together and executed against what the customer is telling us that she needs. And I think that's the important part of what has made Dollar General successful over the many, many years, is that we really work hand-in-hand with our consumer, and we make the trade-offs inside the store. And sometimes it could be consumables versus non-consumables, depending where she's at in her economic cycle. What we see moving into 2018, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, I think we have a real opportunity to accelerate our non-consumable businesses, especially in areas that the consumer gives us credit for and where she'd like to see enhancements. And stay tuned. As we get into March, we'll talk a little bit more about what those are, but I could tell you that the treasure hunt is what she's looking for, and that's what we're going to be delivering to her as we continue to move forward. So we feel good about that. We feel good about our margins. Our margins, as you continue to look into the back half of this year and into early next year, we have, as John indicated, a lot of levers to continue to work, but we always make sure that we balance that with driving traffic. And I think we've exhibited in Q3 here that we can do both of those. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, so when you look at it, I would tell you that our initiatives are really paying off. I would tell you that would be first and foremost. And I think as you look at it, you see those initiatives paying off both in our mature stores, some of the best comp we've seen in our mature store base in many years, and also in our new stores, you see that because remember, our new stores get the best and the brightest, if you will, of all of our initiatives all at one time. So I think your -- I think that would be first and foremost. And then, obviously, some of those headwinds we've been talking about abating would be second on the list. So that's why we feel very good about the positioning we are in right now for Q4 and as we move into 2018. 
Todd Vasos: No, I would tell you that as far as the competitive environment, it's always competitive in retail. But as you look at it, we really haven't seen a change in the competitive environment in the last few quarters. So it's about where it was. And the great thing is that Dollar General is positioned very well, price-wise, both everyday price and the promotional activity that we have to offer for the consumer. And the other thing that we offer her is a great compelling offering on our digital side. More and more digital engagement is starting to happen here at Dollar General with our core consumer. And as that continues to resonate with our core, you'll continue to see more of that. And I believe that overall, our core customer is responding pretty well to all of the initiatives that we put together here in 2017. And again, that's what gives us great solace as we move into 2018, that we can continue to keep that momentum moving. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. So as you look at so far in the quarter, yes, we don't see anything that shows us that anything is really changing in the quarter. We feel good about where the comp is. But keep in mind, we have a lot of quarter ahead of us, some of our biggest weeks leading up to Christmas here in the next 3 weeks. And January, traditionally in our channel, is a very good month for us as well. So we'll continue to watch that. Stay tuned. But we feel good about where that comp is headed. As it relates, Chuck, to the remodel program, you're right, 1,000 remodels is on the books for next year, as we indicated. I think that's a very aggressive plan. It really touches a lot of our mature store base. And with 400 of them being in the traditional Plus model, we feel very good about where those comps can head. But one thing to keep in mind on the traditional Plus model is that like our real estate program in general, we are very disciplined on where we put certain stores and what format we put them in, because we've got a proven track record of where they're most successful. And I can tell you that of the 1,000 that we're doing, the 400 that we picked, we feel very good about the success rate that we should see from those 400. We probably have another 2,000 to 3,000 of those opportunities as they exist today. But you know what, as we continue to learn more about what the consumer is buying out of those traditional Plus stores and what they continue to ask us for, that actually could expand. We could see that opportunity could be as high as 5,000, and we're watching that as we speak and we'll continue to monitor it as we move forward. And then produce, we continue to work the produce side, because it is a competitive advantage for us in many areas when we offer produce. I could tell you that out of the 400, probably 25% of them or so will probably have produce as we look at it. But as we continue to learn the produce business, our stores learn more about it, I think there's going to be more and more opportunity for that as well in the upcoming years ahead of us. 
John Garratt: Yes, adding a little more color to that. As you alluded to, while SG&A was up 40 basis points, the hurricane impact of nearly $25 million was 42 basis points. While we did have some headwinds last year, I think it's important to note that the 2 key headwinds this quarter was the ongoing impact of the store manager investment, which, again, we continue to see as a great investment that will pay off for us, and as we get into next year, will no longer be a headwind. And then the other key point is the ramp-up of acquired stores. Again, as we mentioned, we opened a record number of stores this quarter, up 82% over the previous year. And over half -- there's 470 stores, over half of those were new stores, many of which had expenses throughout the quarter as we were opening those up. So those put pressures on that. When you strip that out, we're still in the place we want to be from a leverage standpoint. And as Todd said, that with zero-based budgeting, that's really become ingrained in everything we do here. And I can share you, the team is laser-focused on driving out any and all spending that don't touch our customer, support our strategic initiatives or change our risk profile. So we continue to be very focused on that, as well as gross margin, making the right trade-offs there, while investing in the business and still see ourselves in that same leverage point that we targeted. 
John Garratt: Yes, if you look at the cadence across the period in the third quarter, every period was positive, but September was the most positive of the quarters period-to-date. I think it's also worth noting that  the balance between both consumables and non-consumables being positive overall. 
John Garratt: Yes, it wasn't a meaningful impact. So we were pleased to -- we were pleased with the balance of delivering a strong top line and 8 basis points of expansion, but there wasn't a meaningful impact from that on the margin. 
John Garratt: Yes, well, as in the past, we don't guide on gross margin. We really look to make sure we're making the right trade-off between gross margin and SG&A. But what I will say is that as you look at the quarter, Q3, we're pleased to see the gross margin expansion, driven by higher initial markups and shrink improvement. That was the fourth consecutive quarter of shrink improvement. What you didn't see in there is any issues around promos or clearance, that being a non-impact. And what I would say is as we look over the long term, we continue to see opportunities to enhance margins or strategically invest back as needed to drive traffic, but continue to see opportunities around shrink. Even though we've had 4 consecutive quarters, we continue to see opportunity to further improve that. Team continues to do a great job around category management, with more opportunity there. We see opportunity to enhance private label and foreign direct sourcing penetration and continue to see operations -- or opportunities around supply chain efficiencies, despite some pressure from, in the near term, from fuel rates and carrier rates. So over the long term, we continue to see opportunity there, but then also look to strike the right balance between that and managing the levers between gross margin and SG&A to deliver strong operating margin. 
John Garratt: Yes, we still see that 2% to 4% helps deliver the 10%-plus growth algorithm. And really, we'll be commenting on 2018 when we get to the March time frame, but still see ourselves as double-digit growers and really don't see any meaningful headwinds to that in the near future. 
John Garratt: Yes, so what we've said in the past is when you look at the net impact netted against the cannibalization, it's about 150 to 200 basis points, and we're at the high end of that. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing from that, from sales contribution as well as great returns. 
John Garratt: We continue to see the same strong business fundamentals and feel great about the business, top line, bottom line. If you look at EPS, based on year-to-date performance, we did narrow the guidance on that, raising the bottom end of it $0.02. We only lowered the top end of that $0.03 after taking into account the $0.05 net negative impact from the hurricanes. So if you strip out the hurricane impact, we really see it as a raise on both the top end and the bottom end. And recall, we had indicated previously that Q3 would be the strongest quarter of the year, with Q4 having a more difficult lap, and included in that overlap, an estimated $0.09 benefit last year from the 53rd week. So continue to see things in a similar light. 
John Garratt: Sure. In terms of this year, it was lower than previous years because of the investments, the 2 key investments being the investment we made in store manager pay, which, again, we think was the exact right decision to make and we're seeing the benefits of that, as well as the increased development. Now as I look forward and as we consider tax reform, obviously, we're watching this very closely. As it's currently drafted, the bills are expected to have a material favorable impact to us. Obviously, the likelihood, timing and details of that are uncertain, so I can't comment specifically what we would do here. But what I can tell you is we don't fundamentally see this changing our capital allocation priorities. They've worked very well for us, and we see them working very well for us in the future. And just to remind folks what those are, it's first and foremost, investing in the business. As long as we continue to see great returns on new store growth like we have, that's the best use of our capital. We'll continue to do that, as other -- evaluating other high-return investments in the business. The good news is this business generates a tremendous amount of cash as is, so we do well under any tax code. But with the excess cash, what we do want to do is strike the right balance, pay a competitive dividend and continue to repurchase shares with the excess cash flow up to -- while protecting our investment-grade rating. So I don't see that as fundamentally changing. As things solidify around the tax changes, we can comment on that further in the future. 
John Garratt: Again, we'll have to wait and see exactly how that comes out, but what I would say is as we see it now, we see ourselves continuing to operate and run the business the same way we have that has worked quite well. Obviously, evaluating situations as we go, but feel pretty happy about the way we're managing all the levers now. 
