Todd Vasos: Thank you, Jennifer, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are pleased with our third quarter results, particularly given the 2 major hurricanes that devastated communities in some of our most heavily penetrated areas in the South Eastern United States. We stayed focused on our initiatives, kept the customer at the center of everything we do, and our financial performance during the quarter demonstrated what this type of focus can produce. Before discussing our third quarter results, I want to express my gratitude to all of our teams who have worked so diligently in very difficult circumstances to serve the communities we call home. We recently visited with our field teams in the Carolinas and the Florida Panhandle where the damage was the greatest. I say it frequently but it bears repeating, I am so inspired by our team's consistent dedication to our mission of Serving Others. Turning now to our third quarter performance. We delivered another solid quarter with strong growth on both the top and bottom lines. On the top line, our same-store sales growth of 2.8% resulted in our highest 2-year stack in 11 quarters. This quarter, our comp growth was primarily driven by our customers checking out with larger baskets. We believe this is a reflection of all the work we have done to make the box more relevant for our customers. As our customer's needs evolve, they are telling us they want a fuller shop from us and we're delivering with even more of the products they want at the values they need. Year-to-date, through the 2018 third quarter, we posted 2.9% same-store sales growth, which continue to be driven by greater customer productivity. We feel good about our 39-week performance as well as the outlook for the rest of the year. We did, however, incur greater-than-anticipated disaster-related expenses during the third quarter, primarily as a result of the hurricanes. We have updated our full year 2018 operating margin rate and diluted EPS guidance to include the estimated impact of these expenses on the third and fourth quarter results. John will walk you through those details in just a moment. As we continue to execute our strategic initiatives, we remain focused on our operating priorities, and we believe we are in a great position to finish the 2018 year on a strong note. Now let's recap some of the top line results for the third quarter. Net sales increased 8.7% to $6.4 billion compared to net sales of $5.9 billion in the third quarter of 2017. We continue to be very pleased with both the productivity from our new stores as well as the performance from our mature stores. Our 2.8% same-store sales increase was again led by our strong performance in consumables. We are listening to our customers and providing the products they want and need. This performance allows us to continue growing market share. We remain well positioned against all classes of trade, as evidenced by our market share gains in the 4-, 12-, 24- and 52-week periods ending November 3, 2018, as measured by syndicated data. We believe these share gains are coming from multiple retail channels and competitors underscoring the broad appeal of our value and convenience offerings. Further, as we continue to execute across our growth strategies and operating priorities, we believe we have an opportunity to capture incremental share from a variety of sources. While it's always competitive in discount retail, pricing activity has remained rational and our pricing surveys indicate Dollar General continues to be well positioned across all geographic regions where we operate. We believe this positioning and our commitment to everyday low prices contributes to our market share gains. We saw improvement in our non-consumable categories, which overall comped positively again in the third quarter. This growth was primarily driven by strong sales in our seasonal category, along with our best performance in the home category in 10 quarters. We remain focused on driving sales improvement in the non-consumable categories, which I will discuss with you in more detail later in the call. After John's discussion, I will also provide an update on our execution against our operating priorities and strategic growth initiatives. With that, I will now turn the call over to John to provide you with more detail on the third quarter financial results. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, as you look at traffic, we're squarely focused on driving that top line to include that the traffic that you mentioned. Being flat, we would like to have seen a little bit more on the traffic side, but I have to say, the actions that the team has taken to drive that top line is really paying benefits in a fuller basket shop and that's really where we're seeing the benefit right now. But I could tell you that the team, right now, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, are squarely focused on 2019. As you can imagine, we're 6 months out or longer. And stay tuned as we roll-out our '19 initiatives, there are some really good initiatives around driving both that top line and that traffic number into '19. We feel that that long-term, that traffic number being positive is one of our most important currencies. 
Todd Vasos: Sure, Paul. So as you look at the tariffs, obviously we, like a lot of folks out there in retail, we're very proactive around the possible tariff impact that we saw coming down. We took a lot of proactive steps, including as we talked about, mitigating steps to order some products in a little bit early. So some opportunity to move some products in a little earlier, we did that. We've been working diligently with our community overseas, particularly in China, our offices there and our vendor community to ensure that we can reduce some costs. We've got great relationships, big relationships with those vendors over there, those factories and players. And we've been able to do a lot around reducing some of the costs to also move around some of these tariffs. And then lastly, we continue to move products and look for ways to move product out of China. That's not a phenomenon that happens overnight. But if you go back, we've been talking about moving products out of China for quite a while and not being so China-centric. We've been working hard at that. So I believe we are a little bit ahead of the game there. We continue to work hard to move our product lines and different opportunities to move things out of China itself. As you look at gross margins, just in general, I would say the team has done a really good job in the environment that is out there right now. I can tell you that we've got a lot of levers that we continue to pull in gross margin, as John has indicated, and we continue to work really hard around making sure that whatever we do at the end of the day, is that we've got the right price for the consumer, and that's always top of mind for us. And I believe you see through our surveys that we are in very, very good shape on pricing. Because at the end of the day, in long-term, that will be the real litmus test on -- for the consumer on your health as a company. And we believe our share gains as of late have come because of our pricing and our pricing activity, and that's always been there and always will continue to be there. But we stayed really focused on margins to deliver both at top line and the bottom line. But operating margin is really where our focus is and we'll continue to work all the levers. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. As you take a look at it, the team's done a great job over the years. It's one of our core strength is finding the right opportunity out there, the right real estate and then opening stores. And over the years, Paul, we have done a very good job in really watching the key metrics that we talked about. I can tell you that the latest class of stores in 2018 had been coming right out of the ground just where we thought it would. So again, right in that upper 90s to 100% of pro forma range and that continues to be right where we believe the sweet spot is. And as we continue to look out, we think there's a tremendous amount of runway still to open up stores in the continental United States. The class of 2019 will look very similar to the class of 2018 as far as the makeup between rural, metro and more urban-type settings. So again, heavily driven toward the -- a little bit more driven toward the rural communities. But yes, over time, we believe that opening more and more stores in metro is the right thing to do. And we have strategic goals and opportunities and initiatives centered around that that we're going to talk about a little bit further as we move into 2019. But suffice to say that our formats that we've developed over the years has really given us the opportunity to open the white space up, and we still believe there's 12,000 to 13,000 opportunities to put a Dollar General store out in the continental United States and in areas that are not as familiar as evidenced by opening 10 next year, DGX stores, is what our goal is. And those are in vertical living, more densely populated areas in some key cities out there across the U.S. So we feel as good as ever about our real estate portfolio. And to include our remodel program, which is very, very strong and continues to throw off fabulous comps as we continue to move forward too. So we've got a great runway ahead of us and we're capitalizing on that very quickly. 
Todd Vasos: That's a great question. We look at that obviously very often internally, and we actually build our initiatives around those very thoughts. And I can tell you that we intentionally develop these additional formats to be able to move into certain demographics across the U.S. where a one-size-fits-all mentality is really not the way to be productive and to make the most of your real estate portfolio and of course, driving top line and traffic as you indicated. So having those opportunities to put stores, for instance, with a produce selection in areas that are more food deserts in the United States, both in the rural communities and by the way, in more metro settings, we find that we can drive a tremendous amount of traffic that way. Same thing with our cooler expansion that we've been very, very open about over the last many years. I would tell you that if you're thinking about a baseball game here, we're still probably only in the bottom of the fifth inning when it comes to our cooler expansion opportunities, both in our mature store base, and of course, as we continue to refine our Dollar General Plus and DGTP concepts with broader cooler expansions in them. And again, I think once you look at this, our consumers are voting with their pocketbooks and we're driving nice comps through the box today. And when you look at these remodels throwing up 10% to 15% comp lift in DGTP with these additional coolers and then the high end with produce, we feel that we've got a real good runway ahead of us to continue to drive both traffic, ticket and overall sales very profitably, which is our first priority out there is driving that profitable sales growth. So overall, we believe the portfolio is very strong. Now as you move in the outer years, you will see a mix change to a -- it won't be a radical change, it will be a slow, methodical change to a little bit more of a heavier metro mix as we continue to build the portfolio out. But it will be -- we'll signal that very well over time and we'll make sure that, in fact, we do it very methodically. And again, as I indicated, we'll talk about in 2019 some initiatives we have around our urban setting and our urban initiatives that we're working on very hard right now out there. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. As we talk to our customers all the time and as you know, convenience is measured differently depending on what customer you ask. But I could tell you that we're squarely focused on making the convenience offering within our 4 walls even more convenient. Again, we're very convenient as far as where we're located, we're convenient you can park at the front door, walk in, you can get in and out of stores with a 5 or 6 item shopping experience in less than 10 minutes, 5 in the most -- in most cases. But you know what, our consumers are also saying, how do you even get more convenience. So the DG GO! app does that. Where she can skip the checkout line by checking herself out. And what we've seen is good adoption so far with that app. Again, only 250 stores, like everything here at Dollar General, we test and we learn before we move and roll out, and we want to make sure that the return is as strong as we believe it will be for this initiative. So stay tuned, more to come. We believe that we're on the right track because again, it's about making sure that our consumers have a frictionless shopping experience, quick in and out, and we give her exactly what she wants here at Dollar General. 
John Garratt: Yes, so I'll talk about the performance thus far and then talk about -- address your question in terms of what we see looking forward. As you look year-to-date, our gross margin is down 10 basis points. In Q3, we did see some increased near-term pressures from carrier rates, tariffs, coupled with the ongoing headwinds -- we always manage through with mix and markdown pressures. As we look to -- ahead in the near term, I think these pressures will continue with the carrier rates and tariffs. The team continues to mitigate those, and it's done a really great job of that, but it's hard to say how long those pressures will persist. But I would say, as I look over the long term, we still see an opportunity to grow our gross margin, enhance it, reinvest in the business as needed. As we look at the levers, there's multiple levers within gross margin and SG&A. As you look at gross margin, we continue to see great performance from shrink, 8 consecutive quarters of sequential improvement there, and with the investments we've made, the process rigor, we see that continuing. We just completed putting 10,000, growing our EAS units from 5,000 to 10,000 and seeing great results there. Team does a great job of category management. We continue to see opportunity to increase our private label penetration, our foreign sourcing penetration and our non-consumable sales. We're pleased to see positive comps again on our non-consumables. And as Todd mentioned, pleased with what we're seeing from the non-consumable initiatives. On the supply chain side, while we do have the headwind of transportation costs facing everybody, the team is doing a great job, has been proactively mitigating that. We continue to open new DCs, 2 opening this year, which will reduce stem miles, continue to reduce load optimization, drive DC productivity. Very pleased with the results we're seeing from our private fleet as we step that up from 80 to 200 tractors based on the success we've seen and continue to expand and diversify our carrier base. So a lot of levers here within gross margin. And as we look at SG&A, we're pleased to leverage our SG&A again for the second consecutive quarter since we anniversaried the investment we made last year in our store manager compensation, which is paying off very nicely for us. So as you look across all these, while there are some near-term headwinds, over the long term, we see an ability to enhance our gross margin and operating margin overall as we balance all the levers within operating margin. 
John Garratt: Yes, if you look at the key drivers of the LIFO provision, the $12.5 million we recorded, it was primarily attributable to direct and indirect impacts of tariffs and increased transportation cost pressures. Those do persist, but I will say, as you look at Q3 because you're looking at the end of the year, because a lot has occurred in Q3, you had to reflect the impact to the first 3 quarters there. There will be an impact in Q4, a proportionate amount of that and to the extent anything else increases or decreases that will change the LIFO provisions. And all this, of course, is contemplated in our guidance. 
John Garratt: Yes, you know what I'll say is, as we look forward -- we'll be coming out with guidance later for next year -- but what I would say is, as we look forward, we continue to see ourselves as a double-digit adjusted EPS grower. To your point, it's hard to say how long the carrier rate pressure will continue, but we feel we're very well positioned with the mitigating actions that we're taking as that stabilizes. To your point on labor, as we look at labor costs, we're very well positioned right now with the investment we made in store manager compensation last year, now we've anniversaried that, we're seeing great results in terms of we're on pace for the best we've seen around store manager turnover and applicant flows and staffing levels. And we see throughout the organization, at the store level, we're very well positioned in terms of staffing and applicant flows. And as we look at it, we're competitive, not just on wages, but the other benefits that Todd mentioned that we've added this year for the overall compensation as well as when you just look at the growth opportunity within Dollar General, that's a real compelling driver for people who want to join Dollar General as they can advance rapidly through the organization if they're really looking at the career, so as we look at it, we're well positioned, we'll look market-by-market to make sure we stay competitive as we are now, but we don't see a major investment on the horizon like we had to make -- we made last year proactively. So as you look at the levers, the fundamentals of the business remain very strong. We continue to see a long runway for growth. With new unit development, we continue to see great store-level economics and great returns, we continue to see our returns at the high end of that 20% -- [ to 20%] after-tax IRR, which again is burdened with the impact of cannibalization. The sales initiatives continue to perform well. We continue to grow units and share. And we have multiple levers, as I mentioned, within gross margin, SG&A, and in turn the business generates a tremendous amount of cash, which we can reinvest in high-return projects, like new store growth, strategic initiatives and the infrastructure. So it's a very strong business model, a very resilient business model, and we still see ourselves as 10% growers over the long-term. 
John Garratt: Yes, what I would say is, as you look at, you're first looking at Q3, we saw stable performance throughout the quarter. If you look at the first period of the quarter versus last period of the quarter, they were comparable and solid throughout -- and positive on both consumables and non-consumables. As you look at the full year guidance, it was a minor adjustment. We had said previously that we're looking at mid- to high on comp growth and anchored [folks] towards the middle of that. And I think if you do the math on that that would suggest a material change in the trajectory there. And again, we feel very good about the initiatives in place and how they're performing, the fundamentals of the business and continuing to take share from all channels of retailers. 
John Garratt: Yes, so as you alluded to with the guidance change, it was primarily driven by the $0.09 impact of the unanticipated disaster-related expenses. As we called out, that was primarily driven by Hurricanes Florence and Michael. And within that, the type of -- we haven't disclosed the number of stores impacted. But what I will say is as you look at our footprint, we're particularly dense in coastal Carolinas and coastal Florida as well as in rural areas where lot of the heaviest damage was. So we had a high store concentration there. As you look at the nature of the cost, it was store damage and repairs, inventory damage were the key drivers there. As we did mention, while hurricanes were the primary driver here, that cost figure that we provided also included the impact of other disasters, most notably floods and fires, again, that were of an unusual nature above and beyond the normal run rate that we -- has been. So that was the primary driver of the guidance change as well as just other miscellaneous puts and takes. 
John Garratt: So I would say if not for the impact of the disasters, the $0.09 impact we wouldn't have seen the need to adjust guidance. Within the other $0.01 there, there's various puts and takes that I mentioned, including the higher transportation costs and tariffs net impact on LIFO. But obviously within there a lot of puts and takes on that other $0.01. 
John Garratt: I think that is a good summary. As you stated, the biggest driver there was the hurricane, disaster-related expenses. And as you look at that other $0.01 there were puts-and-takes. In retail, you're always battling through mix and markdowns and we've been doing that for years very well. I think the piece that added a little extra pressure this quarter is -- and for the near term is the higher transportation costs and tariffs. But I think that was a good summary overall. And again, over the long-term, we see a lot of levers to not only mitigate these but enhance our gross margin and operating margin. 
John Garratt: No, I think that's the way to look at it. As you look at this year, we feel very good with the guidance we provided that, that provides a very strong top line, bottom line performance for the year, while reinvesting in our initiatives that is consistent with that long-term goal of driving double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. And as I mentioned earlier, as we look over the long-term, we continue to see ourselves as a double-digit EPS grower with the strong fundamentals of the business on new store growth with the performance Todd mentioned, driving comp growth with the initiatives in place, continuing to grow units and share with the number of levers we have within operating margin I mentioned and the tremendous amount of cash this business generates to reinvest. We see this as a strong resilient business model with the fundamentals and change, and I think that's the right way to think about it. 
John Garratt: Well, we don't break down guidance specifically between SG&A and gross margin by quarter. We did give the overall guidance for the year. But I would say our goal remains to leverage SG&A in that 2.5% to 3% range, and we're pleased to have done that -- the 2 quarters, the last 2 quarters as we anniversaried that important investment in our store manager compensation and over the long-term, a lot of levers to do that and that's our goal and intention. 
