Todd Vasos: Thank you, Mary Winn, and welcome to everyone joining our call. I am pleased with the way the team managed through the ongoing tough environment across retail during the first quarter: successfully controlling what we can control. Even as we lapped our most challenging sales and earning results from last year, our earnings per share reflected solid management of the business. In the first quarter, we made progress on the implementation of our key initiatives for the year as we seek to capture growth opportunities over both the long and short term. As we shared with you last quarter, our SG&A investments in 2017 are primarily focused on an increased compensation structure and additional training for our store managers as they play a critical role in our customer experience and the profitability of each store. The team is working to refine and execute our long-term strategy framework that we believe will help to differentiate us from the competition over time. Let us recap some of the financial results for the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the 2016 quarter. First quarter net sales increased 6.5% to $5.6 billion. Same-store sales grew 0.7% for the quarter. Our same-store sales improved as we moved past the combined effect of the delay in the income tax refunds and the timing shift of a later Easter holiday, both factors we mentioned on our last call. Same-store sales growth was driven by consumables and apparel, offset by declines in seasonal and home categories. Operating profit was $474 million. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share was $1.02, including approximately $0.01 charge for the early retirement of debt. We continue to increase our overall market share in highly consumables, growing mid-single digits based on the most recent syndicated data over 4-, 12-, 24- and 52-week periods ending May 6, 2017. We continue to believe many of the headwinds we faced in 2016 and are continuing to face are transitory in nature, such as the impact of average unit retail price deflation as well as customer behavior that we believe to be associated with changes to the federal SNAP benefits program. Average unit retail price deflation from the combination of lower commodity cost and promotional activity, along with the reduction of SNAP benefits, continued to weigh on our same-store sales performance in the quarter. As we look ahead, we anticipate lapping some of these effects in the second half of the year. As John will discuss later in the call, we are confirming our 2017 diluted EPS guidance of $4.25 to $4.50. Our objective remains to provide our customers with affordability, value and convenience at a time when they need us most. The team is focused on moving the business forward. During the quarter, we entered into an agreement to purchase 322 store sites located across 36 states from a small-box, multi-price point retailer. The transaction, which was approved by the Federal Trade Commission in April of 2017, is expected to close this month with conversions to the Dollar General banner completed by the end of November. Most of these stores are located in metro areas where we had anticipated future growth for Dollar General, and this pending transaction will allow us to expand in some of these markets at an accelerated pace. After John reviews additional financial highlights for the quarter and our full year guidance, I will update you on our operating priorities and anticipated integration plans for the store sites that we expect to purchase in June. Now let me turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. First of all, we're very, very confident in what we see coming out of our initiatives for 2017. The early results of the initiatives that we put in place in Q1 that have also -- being put in place so far in Q2 have been very positive. Health and beauty, we called out in the prepared remarks, I'm very encouraged in seeing that. And I'm very encouraged as well in the big traffic-driving areas of our coolers and our perishable-type items. We've added more than 11,000 cooler doors so far, and we've got a lot more yet to do as we work through this quarter and even into Q3 on many of those initiatives. So we're very, very confident in what we see so far that it should help us continue to drive traffic as we move to the back half of the year. As far as what we're seeing in some of those transitory-type items, we're seeing deflation start to moderate. As we move through Q1, deflationary pressures from a cost input standpoint, we did see some moderation. We're not seeing a lot of inflation, but we're not seeing a lot of further deflation either. So it gives us confidence as we move through Q2 -- and keep in mind, Q3 -- we saw a pretty big deflationary time. But as we get past Q3, those should really start to roll off at least based on what we see today. And as we look at our SNAP piece that really we start to cycle here in the next month or so, we're already seeing some effects of that cycling since the waiver is sort of waived-in, if you will, by state. And right now, we've actually seen where we had been running about 100 basis point difference in our comp sales performance in those SNAP-affected states versus our other states that we operate in. That has now been cut in half. We're now seeing about 50 basis points of difference. So we're already starting to see that moderation, and I believe we'll continue to see that as we move through Q2. And then lastly, your question on the promotional environment. Promotionally, we're really seeing about the same that we saw coming out of Q4. Q1 has been about the same. We're really not seeing a big difference. There's some pockets here and there of activity. But overall, we feel very confident about our promotional activity. But as you know, we're more squarely focused on our everyday low prices here. And there, we really feel good about where we are. Our everyday low prices are in the best shape that I think I've seen it in the close to 9 years that I've been here across all geographic areas, so we feel very good about that as well as we move through and into the second part of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. That's a great question. We saw the quarter unfolding this way: As we said in our prepared remarks, once we got past that delay in the income tax piece -- and remember, also, Easter shifted from March to April this year. Once we got past that combined Easter shift and the tax refund delay, we did see a nice uptick as we got into April. Even beyond the Easter shift, we saw that occur. And I think it is a combination of many things. But I again, feel very confident in our initiatives. We could really tie directly a lot of what we saw coming into April because that's when some of our initiatives really started to take hold, we could really tie directly some of our performance into that. While we're not happy or satisfied with 70 basis points of comp, we know that we could grow that a lot more over time here. I think in this environment, I think we laid a comp on the table that was very competitive but with an eye on growing that a lot more as we move to the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: As you look at our discretionary categories, prior to Q2 of last year, we had some very nice growth over -- about 6 to 8 quarters. We believe it's transitory in nature right now. We believe for a lot of reasons, the customer has been pulling back, been holding back a little bit. Matter of fact, we don't believe she's been trading out at all. What we see from our customer data is some of our stronger comps and stronger sales are coming from not only our very strong customers, but that next level-up, which would have a tendency and propensity to trade out over time, but actually have been our strongest in Q1, our strongest sales driver category of consumer. So I don't believe she's been trading out. I just believe that she's in an economic cycle right now where there's a little bit of uncertainty and a little bit of a holdback on these discretionary items. And I believe and feel very confident in what the team has built here on the category management side to take advantage as soon as she starts to loosen the purse strings up a little bit on that nonconsumable side of the business. But to really look at it the proper way, we had a very strong Easter. Matter of fact, Easter was as strong as we've seen in the last couple, 3 years. So it gives us a lot of solace that our nonconsumable businesses as well as many of our consumable businesses that we have are trending in the right direction. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. What I think we need to see is a little bit more confidence in what we're -- what the consumer is seeing today from job growth and wage growth, will it be sustainable? I think that's the big ticket right now that we're waiting to happen, I think that they're waiting to see happen. Our core customer, as you know, doesn't have large bank accounts to fall back on. And so [ during ] times like these where she's starting to feel a little bit more comfortable because she's back to work and seeing a little bit of wage growth, she wants to make sure it's sustainable. The huge downturn that we all experienced in 2008, 2009, hit our consumer extremely hard, probably the hardest of any group that was out there. And I think that's still very fresh in her mind. So she's making sure that what she's seeing now is sustainable and can grow over time. And I believe once that happens, we'll start to see that purse string loosen. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We see e-commerce about where we had seen it coming out of Q4. Our core customer is a fast follower. There is no doubt. Only about 70% of them today have cell phones -- excuse me, smartphones. And I believe that over time, she will probably start to gravitate a little bit more toward online purchasing. But today, all of our work shows that she is still lagging there compared to the rest of the customers in the economy that's out there. In saying that, we're working very diligently here as well. Part of our strategic review, as we mentioned, was digital. And we're working hard to ensure that as our core customer starts to gravitate more and more to digital that we're going to be able to take her along the journey with us, and she'll look to us for her future digital needs like many others do, other retailers, both online as well as brick-and-mortar retailers today. So I don't see that today, though, that our core customer is spending a lot more of her disposable income online than she did before. We just don't see that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure. As we look at the tax refunds, and I think others have said the same thing, once you don't have that same refund at the same time, you never seem to get back all those sales that seem to not be there, right? Now we got our fair share, I think, of what came, but it just wasn't to the extent I believe that it would have been if it came on time. Now in saying that, the majority of those sales normally -- because it's tax refund in nature, usually does come in our discretionary categories. So it did slow our discretionary a little bit more than what we had anticipated in Q1. What we're seeing, though, as we move into Q2, is the continuation of what we saw really in Q1, and that's the consumer really holding onto her money, spending where her need is the most. And that's been on the consumable side of the businesses. And then even within that, we're seeing some mix shift inside of the categories. We're driving the mix to some less profitable areas as well within categories. So that continues to be there. The great thing is we have a great category management team that's able to watch and see what's happening and then be able to react to that. So that as we continue to move through Q2 then into the back half of the year, make adjustments. And those adjustments -- and we're used to doing this. We do it very well, make those adjustments to work that margin depending on the way the consumer is shopping. This isn't anything new. We've been doing this for many, many years, and we know how to do it pretty well. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. Traffic did spike up, obviously, in April. Combination of the Easter shift as well as our initiatives, I believe, drove that to positive. And we're not really talking too much about Q2 right now, but we saw some positive momentum coming into Q2, but it's still very early. So we don't want to comment on where we believe that's going to end up. But again, we're very, very confident in our initiatives to drive the top line. And we're looking forward in future quarters to see that traffic move to positive. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. When you look at the stores that we put produce in, again, just keep in mind, it's a very few stores, but we have seen nice comp lifts in these stores. Now these same stores have been remodeled as well, so we're watching the comp across all categories within those stores. Produce is helping that comp. But even without that, those stores are comping very, very well. And it's really attributable to the amount of cooler doors we're putting in on the refrigerated and frozen side of that equation has been well received by the consumers. And we're starting to really see traffic start to pick up in those stores as word of mouth continues to get out that we've got a broader selection of things they need to include "better for you type" products within those coolers. So we're pretty excited about what we see there, but there's still a lot more yet to figure out on these new stores as it relates to produce. As you know, we've been in the produce business only a short period of time in these stores, but we've got a lot of experience with them in our market stores. And we've taken the learnings from those and applying them there. And then as far as the shrink in these stores, a little too early to tell yet. As you know, shrink has a pretty long tail to it. And since we've just been remodeling these stores recently, a real shrink indication probably won't be evident until probably latter part of this year in those stores to see exactly how they're starting to trend. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The great thing about Dollar General is we do a tremendous amount of work with our customer. Each and every quarter, we reach out and touch our consumer to understand exactly what she's feeling, what she's seeing and what she's doing. We do it on a personal level, then we do it on a macro level as well. And what we see and what we've been seeing for the past 3 quarters, including Q1, has been a continued consolidation of her shopping patterns. Shopping less and shopping fewer retailers as she shops, so -- on both sides of that equation. So she is making decisions on where she shops. And as she does that, she's also making decisions that I'm going to shop a little less as well, meaning less frequently. So we watch that very carefully. While we have seen the same phenomenon in our business as others have seen based on all the work that we see, we actually have seen the rate of that consolidation quicken in other channels of trade versus ours, while we still -- while we have still seen a decrease in the amount of time that -- or amount of shops that she does in a month period, we're not seeing the contraction as deep as other classes of trade. But it still concerns us that she's contracting across the board. So that means that while she is shopping, we have to have the right items at the right time at the price to attract her, and that's what we're working on to make sure that happens. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. When you take a look at our Dollar General traditional Plus stores that we're putting together, these ones that we're remodeling, we're seeing 3x the comp sales lift in those stores than we've seen from a traditional remodel. Remember, we've always said a traditional remodel runs between 4% and 5%. We're seeing 3x that lift from these. So we're very encouraged early on, on what we're seeing. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, absolutely. Those are great questions and it's things that we look at internally here all the time. One thing I think is important to keep in mind is not all metro locations are created equal. There are certain metro areas that actually feel and look more like our rural locations, let me explain, both from a customer standpoint as far as the demographic is concerned as well as from lack of competition. There is a lot of metro areas out there that we're looking at that we're actually opening as well as part of the 292 stores that we're going to be opening from our recent acquisitions, many of them are in these areas that have little competition in them as well because not every metro area has a great amount of competition. So we're very selective, and we've been watching this very carefully over time and feel confident that there's thousands of opportunities out there in metro that meet the criteria we need to be successful. So stay tuned, continue to watch. But we're watching it very carefully, and we're very happy with what we see early on. 
Todd Vasos: As we look at it, John, these stores that we're acquiring -- again, top line as you indicated is pretty good. What I think they've been suffering from is really a lack of scale as it related to the profitability and watching it drop to the bottom as well as a lot of the know-how that we have on how to run stores from a shrink perspective. So we believe that the opportunity gap is very large on the profitability side. As we look at price, what we modeled in as we looked to purchase these is to get them more aligned with where Dollar General pricing is. So yes, the prices will come down in those areas, but they should because, again, we're all about making sure we drive traffic in units in there. And we believe that the $0.5 billion in sales that these stores are throwing off can also increase very profitably. So we think we've got opportunities both on top line as well as letting it fall right to the bottom line. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. As you said, John, while we're never happy with where we ended up there, we always think there's more, the team has done a great job in nonconsumables. And as you continue to look forward, I believe we've got the right product at the right price for what the consumer is looking for in nonconsumables. In saying that, apparel did do pretty well. As we move through Q1, I believe the lineup that we have for spring and summer is one of the best that we've seen. But also the transition out of Q4, which is more of our winter and fall-type goods, we were able to take advantage of that as well on the top line. With a little bit of a cooler, wetter start to the quarter 1 helped propel a little bit more of that and elongated out a little bit more of the winter goods as well. So we saw apparel benefit on both sides of that equation. And then lastly, I mentioned earlier, our seasonal business continues to do very well. And Easter was again one of our best in a couple, 3 years, and not only on consumable candy but also on our nonconsumable sides of seasonal. So we feel we're well positioned, but we're not going to rest until we see comps accelerate a lot more from where they are today in nonconsumables. 
John Garratt: Yes. We still feel good about the fundamentals of the business and the long-term growth potential. It's still our goal to be a 10% grower in the long term. As we look at the business, we still see a tremendous amount of organic growth opportunity, great store-level economics, still getting the 20% return on new store openings, and very excited about the additional acquired stores this year that gets us into places we wanted to go, continue to generate a tremendous amount of cash. We mentioned 26% cash growth even when you strip out some timing with taxes, it was still double-digit cash flow growth this quarter. So we continue to see a tremendous runway for growth. We're excited about the initiatives we have in place. We feel we're in a good position from a pricing standpoint. We believe that our combination of value, convenience really resonates with our customer and allows us to continue to grow share. And we continue to have a lot of levers within gross margin and SG&A that the team does a phenomenal job managing and has a great track record of making the right trade-offs, but with an eye on the long term and investing where we need to as we have this year. 
John Garratt: Yes. We continue to see consistent results. We walked you through the key metrics that we look at in terms of new store productivity, with that goal of as a percent of our comp store base being in that 80% to 85% range. We remain within there. We continue to see our actual sales performance compared to pro forma very close, it ebbs and flows from time to time, but hitting those pro formas pretty consistently over time. We continue to see -- track returns. We target 18% to 20%. We continue to see our returns tracking towards the high end of that range. We've not seen cannibalization move on it. It has been pretty consistent and what we expected. And we continue to see a payback period of less than 2 years. So really, we continue to see the same great results that we expect, consistent performance. And with that in mind, we're very bullish about the future of this. But obviously, we diligently track these, monitor them very closely. We're a nimble company that can make adjustments if needed down the road. But right now, what we're seeing, we like. 
John Garratt: In terms of lift, what we said there was we expected to drive 1 point of total sales growth. So as we had said in our guidance, we upped it from 4% to 6% to 5% to 7%. And then it doesn't show up in our comp base until next year, so there'll be no impact to the sales comp. 
John Garratt: I think it just speaks to we have a tremendous real estate team that continues to hone that model. They do a phenomenal job of finding the best sites, and they continue to hone that algorithm, find the best sites, continue to optimize that box. I mean, we see ourselves as the innovator in different formats. And what we're finding is the right format that fits occasion and seeing good success in the smaller box, for instance, which opens up areas that weren't open to us in the past. So I think it's just a testament to the rigor and the capability of the team here. 
John Garratt: Yes. We continue to see great performance from the remodels. What we've said in the past is in terms of a sales lift, we get about 4% to 5%. We continue to get that. And on some of the remodels where we're putting more coolers in, we're seeing a considerably higher lift on that. And we've been very pleased with what we've seen as we add coolers to the stores. 
John Garratt: Okay. Well, starting with the overall guidance, that remained unchanged with GAAP EPS guidance remaining at $4.25 to $4.50. That is inclusive of the acquired stores. The thing we mentioned there was that, that will be modestly accretive for the year as we have expense in the front-end of that, about $0.02 in Q2, and then the back-ended loaded nature of the openings, we won't get a full year benefit. That will be toward the end of the year. The other thing we did mention is we continue to see the headwinds we saw in Q1, and the team did a phenomenal job working through that, but we continue to see those headwinds coming into Q2. And the other one we mentioned was mix. But as Todd said, we're comfortable with our ability through category management to improve that. And as we get through Q2, we'll have all our initiatives in place getting into the back half of the year as well as the thing we noted was in Q3 that's where you see the comps both from a top line and a bottom line ease. So we feel good as we get into back half of the year with those initiatives in place. With headwinds starting to subside and the comps easing, we feel good as we get into the back half of the year. But we stuck with the same guidance. There's still a lot of year left. Q1 came in about where we expected, so we thought we would keep the guidance where it's at for now, but very excited about the acquisition opportunity here and seeing over time that's going to be accretive to us. 
