Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. Today, we plan to discuss the results of our third quarter, update you on our operating initiatives and share our store growth targets for 2014.  Our third quarter sales increased 10.5% over last year to $4.4 billion, with comp store sales up 4.4%. Both traffic and average ticket increased for the 23rd consecutive quarter, with customer traffic contributing most significantly to our sales increase. As we expected, the addition of tobacco products resulted in strong customer traffic growth throughout the quarter.  Consumables, which include tobacco and perishables, showed the strongest sales gains. For the second quarter in a row, we had comp sales growth on the non-consumable side of the business. Comp sales in both seasonal and home are positive, and we were pleased with our apparel performance. As part of our Phase 5 merchandising initiative to optimize square footage productivity, we reduced the selling space allocated to hanging apparel in over 4,000 stores. And in the third quarter -- excuse me, in the third quarter, and the results for meeting our expectations for both sales, and more importantly, increased profitability. October Nielsen data indicates that we continue to increase our market share of consumables in units and dollars over the 4-week, 12-week, 24-week and 52-week periods. Our market share in dollars continues to grow in the high-single digits.  The third quarter operating profit increased by 8% to $390 million or 8.9% of sales. Our gross profit rate decreased 61 basis points to 30.3% of sales, with the vast majority of the rate compression relating to strong sales of tobacco and refrigerated items. In addition, we leveraged SG&A expenses by 40 basis points as we continued our focus on expense control. Adjusted net income increased 10%, and adjusted earnings per share increased 14% to $0.72. We're pleased to announce that we continued to return cash to our shareholders with an additional $200 million of share repurchases in the third quarter, and we increased our share repurchase authorization by another $1 billion, our single largest authorization to date. Total inventories, including tobacco, which is incremental year-over-year, were up 11%, and on a per-store basis, were up 4%. We are pleased that we have begun to get our inventory growth back in line with sales growth. This is our lowest inventory growth rate since the 2012 second quarter. In October, we reached another major milestone: The grand opening of our 11,000th store here in middle Tennessee. Our third quarter results were solid in spite of an aggressive competitive environment. Starting late in the second half of the quarter, we saw increases in the competitive share of voice in both print and electronic media. As has been reported over the last week, item and price intensity increased across all channels.  Before I turn the call over to David, I'd like to take the opportunity to congratulate Todd Vasos on his recent promotion to Chief Operating Officer, assuming the responsibility for store operations, merchandising and the supply chain. This is a very conventional alignment that I believe will strengthen the company and position us as well for future growth. Since 2007, Dollar General has added almost 3,000 stores and nearly doubled in sales. I'm very proud of what we have accomplished and Todd has played a critical role in this amazing growth story.  I'd also like to welcome Dave D'Arezzo, as EVP and Chief Merchandising Officer. Dave joined the Dollar General team in early November, and brings more than 30 years of retail and consumer product experience across merchandising and operations. I worked very closely with Dave at Duane Reade before I joined Dollar General in 2008, and I'm confident he's a great fit for the Dollar General team. I will take -- I will talk more about our operating initiatives in a moment, but now I would like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I -- Meredith, I am a strong advocate of Every Day Low Price. I think when the market begins to get highly promotional, I think you're renting your sales rather than, really, driving people who are loyal to your operations. What we'll do is what we've always done, we're going to continue to focus heavily on Every Day Low Price, knowing that sooner or later the high promotional activity, sooner or later, runs out of steam. But along the way, we're not afraid to throw a few prices out there that we think will continue to help drive our already good traffic. In regards to incremental share of voice, we currently have a program that we run 2 ads in print through the course of the month. We invest basically all of electronic media back into our cost of goods, and focus on the retail. So we think we have a solid program in place that we intend to stick to. We think at the end of the day, EDLP wins and we're pretty comfortable with what our strategy is the back half of the year -- back quarter of the year. 
Richard Dreiling: So in spite of the year we're having -- in spite of the good year we're having, it just kind of tells you that we entered the year with incredibly higher expectations. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, as I looked at -- as I look at the quarter, our sales trends, the first part of the quarter, were very solid. I think as traffic driving initiatives in regards to price started to take place. We saw our sales in October a little bit lighter than they were in August and September. However, I still want to, Chuck, bring out that every week of the quarter, we had positive comps and every period we had positive comps. So while we saw an increase in competitive activity, we still felt pretty good where we were at. November, Chuck, I think all of retail is going to be looking at a very, very choppy November and December. We chased the calendar all through the course of the month in November. I think you had Thanksgiving come a week later. I think also, we have to be careful there was a pay period Black Friday. So I think that might have spurred some results on also. But saying all that, we had a good Thanksgiving and we had a good Black Friday. But we're just -- the calendar is very hard to read. And remember what's going on here with those 6 fewer days, everything is getting pushed closer to Christmas. And so we are -- we're optimistic on our plans, but we're being real cautious as we look at the month. And David, I think you should talk about cigarettes. 
Richard Dreiling: Chuck, I'll give you one more piece of information on the tobacco. When we started the tobacco journey, 1/3 of our cigarette sales were by themselves, 1/3 were what we would call a smoke and a coke, where they would grab a cigarette and maybe a soda or a chip. And then 1/3 is where the cigarettes were actually going into a basket that was beginning to grow. We're now at the stage of the game that back 1/3 where cigarettes are going into the actual basket is now at 44%. And cigarette purchases only are declining to 26%. So we're beginning to convert the cigarette customer into a shopper. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. And remember, we talked, Chuck, about transactions that it drives. It's driving people into the store, then it's our job to convert it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think as we move into 2014 and beyond, it's now about SKUs and really understanding their productivity. And now what we're doing is we're beginning the process of evaluating not only those SKUs but the categories that we have in the store. And the idea here now, and my favorite example is picture frames. When I got to this chain, I mean, we had 12- to 16-foot of picture frames. We're now down to 8-foot, which has allowed us to add an additional category. And now the challenge for us is where are picture frames going to be in another year or 2? And maybe we want to get ahead of the curve and do something that's more productive now. So now the journey is about maximizing SKU productivity for the next couple of years. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, John, it's a couple of things. Number one, there's no doubt the environment is creating more of our core customer. I mean, that's number one. But number two is we have a new software program that is allowing us to literally identify the corner of such and such where we can locate a store. Historically, we have gone in, and we've had several square box -- blocks where we can go. But now, so, what happens is you have this piece of software that allows us by taking into account competitive positioning where our customer is, being able to go in and take a look at the demographics, being able to go in and look at traffic patterns, how they flow, being on the going home side, not putting yourself at risk and it just, quite frankly, has swelled to 14,000. So a lot more analytics more than just demographics and it allows us to literally pinpoint where we can go. And it's all automated, which is really fascinating. It takes all the guess work out of it. 
Richard Dreiling: And John, if I could piggyback on that, we centralized our procurement operation the back half of 2012, and we're starting to see the benefits of that as we are -- we have one piece of the organization, particularly buying things that don't relate to what the customer is actually purchasing. And then we also have an initiative in place where we're actually taking some of the costs out of our new business -- out of our new stores, which we're very pleased with. 
Richard Dreiling: Matt, I would actually answer it's a little bit of both. I think the trade-down customer is getting more comfortable with the quality of the products we're putting out there. I think so -- also, I think we're doing a much better job on the merchandising selection here. I have to say Todd and his team, our Christmas assortment, as an example, this year, is the best I've seen in 5 or 6 years. I think we're doing a much better job in positioning the product in the store. And I think we're doing a much better job on the labeling of the product, which makes it look a little more upscale and still having that great price in it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think, I don't have anything really definitive, where we've done any market search [ph] on it. But I think everything you read and everything you're hearing about is -- the number of customers who have had low coverage policies that are basically more catastrophic, moving into the healthcare network and finding out, while they have more complete coverage, it costs a lot more. That customer that has that catastrophic coverage, a lot of that is our customer. And they're going to be dealing with that going forward. And I think it's one of those new things that has entered into all of this, this dynamic, where people who make $50,000 or less per year are starting to deal with what I'm calling dinnertime economics, right? I mean, they sit down at that dinner table at night and, Steve, they've got -- if you make $50,000 or less per year, you've given up $1,000 worth of disposable income with the change in the payroll tax. Have high unemployment, a lot of the unemployment benefits that we're getting are in higher skilled jobs. And what I've been saying for long periods of time, my concern is underemployment, that people are going back to work, but they're making less per hour and getting less hours. I think there's uncertainty, future uncertainty over unemployment benefits and I think there's uncertainty about the cost of healthcare. And recently, we've had the introduction of the change in staff benefits. And I think, if you think about this, you have our core customer sitting at the dinner table, she still has to put dinner on the table for her family and she's wrestling with all of these things. And I think that is the value that Dollar General brings to the table and always has is that we're always there with Every Day Low Price for our customer, regardless of what's going on. In regards to the Obamacare next year, David, I'll let you [indiscernible] that. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the Plus is part of our relocation program. We will increase the number of Plus stores next year. And the Dollar General Markets, Paul, are still very much experimental for us. We want to make sure, when we're dealing with a concept that's a little more elaborate than what we do on a day out and day basis that we're doing it the right way and we're spending our time on Dollar General Market right now, thinking about new things that it doesn't have that we think it might have, like the fuel that we put in, in Alabama. 
Richard Dreiling: I actually think that's a very fair question, Dan. We're on our sixth year on the perishable journey and we continue to comp in the double-digit range for 6 years consecutively now. I think that our category management process, particularly on perishables where you're dealing with an outside vendor, is very rigorous because you have to have the right items. And as I think about what we've done in perishables over the last 6 years, we've actually evolved with what I would say would be the grocery channel and mass. I can remember when we had 1 shelf of pizzas, now we have a whole door of pizza. I've watched the evolution of more, what I would call, ready-to-eat quick serve meals, where that's gone from basically a shelf to a whole door and maybe even 1.5 doors. And I think, as you look at us, what we have historically done is taken something and continued to build on it over a period of time. In regards to the cigarette thing, my view on the cigarettes is not what it does for comp sales. It's what it does for traffic. And the fact that it brings in incremental traffic and then it's up to us, through our offering and the way we manage our stores, to turn that into a bigger basket. And again, if you think about it, if you look at our sales per square foot, if you look at our transaction growth and look at our basket growth, we have been very good on building on those for a very long period of time. So I see no reason for caution, the fact that we're lapping cigarettes. 
Richard Dreiling: A fair question, Dan. The 14,000 -- I mean, that's up for grabs, right? It's our ability to get out there and get as many as we can and what I try to do is to find what the total opportunity is. And obviously, how I would look at this is if Dollar General has opened 700 stores a year, there's a lot of growth opportunity out there for a long time to come. In regards to, is it more in the markets we're in or new markets, kind of -- I would kind of like to leave that one open and what I would rather say is we're continuing to be excited about the new markets we're entering. And a piece of these are in new markets, but a piece of them are also backfill opportunities in the markets we're in. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the first thing I want to say, while our shrink is up, it's still way below the 2007, '08 and '09 levels. And we're making progress on our initiatives here. Our #1 priority right now, David, is to stabilize the shrink number. We will begin to cycle, in the first and second quarter, the defensive merchandising steps that we have taken. We have gone in and randomly inventoried some of those stores, and to be honest, we have seen some progress there. I don't want to declare a victory here yet. But we certainly have the plans in place. And we're hoping, as we move through the year next year, that we should see -- begin to see, not only it stabilize, but see it begin to move in our favor. 
Richard Dreiling: We love lower gas prices because it gives our consumer more money to spend. I do think that the consumer today is incredibly value-conscious. And I think they are really and truly looking for many different ways to stretch their budget and I think the gas prices will help them do that -- lower gas prices. 
Richard Dreiling: David, that is actually a very fair question. It's a little soon to tell you that. We got one and I will tell you, it's pumping gas at the rate that a convenience store would. So we're very, very pleased with what we're seeing, but a little soon to lay that one on the table. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, I would think the maturity of tobacco would be like any other category, quite frankly, or you can look at it in terms of store cycle, sure. I think that -- the back half of next year it's going to be about capitalizing on that transaction growth and converting that customer. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that was all planned, Mark. That was part of our plan when we announced our initiative, the end of last year, the first of next year about the 4,200 stores. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think that's a fair question. It's a little soon to tell. We're very happy with what we're seeing in this block of stores and what we're very happy is with the profitability. And I think you have to give us a little bit of time. We're going to continue to fine-tune the initiative. But we'll get back to you the first part of the year next year and let you know for sure. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think we -- I think the difference between the other stores and the 4,000 stores is the profitability, right? And what we're trying to do is maximize our profitability per square foot. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would say the uptick in competitive activity started in October and it's about the same as it was in October. And it's spread across every channel. 
Richard Dreiling: And again, I want to make sure, Brian, that I reinforce here, that we're seeing it in select items that are designed to drive traffic, like soda, for example. I don't want to lead anybody to believe that I think the market has gotten irrational, because that hasn't happened yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, well, I think the weaker consumer is part of the macro environment and everybody is fighting for sales. It's about driving traffic and that's why people are selecting these high-traffic driving items, right? So again, Brian, as you think about us, I mean, we are intently focused on Every Day Low Price. It's my belief, if you get too promotional, all you do is rent those sales for a matter of time. And we continue to be relentlessly focused on getting the best value every day to the customer. 
Richard Dreiling: Right now, I would tell you, we have seen virtually no inflation this year and we're anticipating none next year. And in regards to the competitive activity, I mean, we're going to have to let that play out. I can't give you a view on that one. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would look at you and tell you right now there's absolutely no indication of any deflationary pressure. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. In regard to the discretionary question, I mean, the name of the game is SKU productivity. And what we're constantly doing, John -- we have a very, very -- under Todd's guidance, a very robust category management process. And the discretionary side, quite frankly, is all about being relevant and the advantage we have, we have a small amount of SKUs, a small SKU base, and it allows us to be a little more surgical in what we choose to promote and we can stay a little more relevant. In regards to your question about Black Friday turning into a week of Black days, which I think is quite fair, I didn't -- the first thing I would say is we're not necessarily a destination for Black Friday purchases. We are -- we're the fill-in to all that. We're the I forgot the stocking stuffer or I forgot this. We do particularly good on the consumables side during the Black Friday process. So -- and again, I still believe, as long as we stay focused to our mantra, being focused on EDLP, all of this chatter and all this noise is going to play out over time. 
Richard Dreiling: That's exactly right, in fact, by the way, that is our strategy that we've really been trying to focus on in the last 18 months. I need to have whatever the best-selling sweater is if it's blue. But we don't need the red one and the green one and the gray one and the cream one. We just sell the best one and that's the whole idea. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think that with Todd stepping in to spend a lot more time on the day-to-day stuff, it gives me the opportunity to spend my time thinking about broader pictures, and more importantly, where we want to be in 5 years. And rather than standing up and saying, this is exactly what I'm going to do, I would say, John, it gives me the opportunity to be a little more reflective and provide a little bit bigger direction for the company. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think what we thought was going to happen has happened. The bulk of that shop goes to the big-box retailers and the grocers. I mean, I will -- I do believe, Patrick, we will feel something, but it's going to be minimal compared to everybody else. And the only thing I want to be cautious about, it's one month and you've got to remember, we had Thanksgiving in there. But I would think that I'm very comfortable with what we said. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, our e-commerce site has a very small base. So while we were up tremendously on that day, on Cyber Monday and this week, it's on a very small base. And Patrick, it does not affect our same-store sales number. And by the way, in relation to whether it's businesses or individuals, it tends to be more the individual. And the one thing I will say is the electronic items that we have do very well on the e-commerce side. 
David Tehle: Yes, great questions, Meredith. I think, we're pretty consistent in terms of the rates. For competitive reasons, I don't want to state numbers out there. But, clearly, as we thought about this transaction and looking at it, we believe it's going to be accretive to Dollar General to do it. And as we said in the release, a large part of that cash will be applied to additional share repurchases. As we look in the future, it's a little too early to call whether we'll continue to do this on an ongoing basis. We spent several years buying stores back and we knew at some point, we would turn them and we would do exactly what we're doing today, have a gain, create cash and then use that to reemploy in the business, to increase the profitability of the business. So stay tuned on that one, and I would just say we'll be opportunistic as we look to the future. 
David Tehle: Yes, and it's predominantly SG&A where you see that. Basically, the way our incentive comp is set up, we have a budget that we set every year, at the very beginning of the year, that's approved by the board in January. And all our compensation is based off of that budget. So what this -- and it's an aggressive budget, obviously, that's set. And because we're missing that budget, we don't accrue as much compensation because we won't be paying as high of a bonus payout or what we call team share in the company at the end of the year. And yes, to answer your question, the fact that we're spelling it out here, as well as in our filings in the 10-Q, it's significant enough that we felt like we need to point that out. 
David Tehle: Yes, well, first, on the markdowns, the markdown -- if you remember, we had a timing issue between second and third quarter and we spelled that out that we actually had a plus last quarter from some apparel markdowns that we moved into the third quarter because of -- for weather reasons, we wanted to give the product more time to sell. And basically, those markdowns came in about where we thought they would come in. In terms of the impact, we don't -- Chuck, we don't actually -- we're not going to spell out the exact dollar amount of the basis points, but I will say that, again, they were up there. They were lower than tobacco and lower than shrink in terms of the impact that it had on the quarter. But again, they're high enough for us to be calling out. On the cigarettes around the tobacco, again, we continue to be pleased with what we're seeing there, particularly the impact on transactions, driving people to come into the stores, which we're very happy to see. And again, we're not going to be specific in terms of the impact on the comp. But again, we're pleased with what we're seeing based on our model and what we thought cigarettes would do for us. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think -- and again, on our total budget, $25 million isn't a huge decrease when you're talking about the numbers that we're looking at. I think it's just a matter of doing a variety of things differently and driving some better procurement in terms of the vendors that we're dealing with, getting some better deals and things of that nature. So I don't think it's anything revolutionary. It's just doing the right thing every day and driving better relationships with our vendors. 
David Tehle: Yes, I'll start and certainly Rick will jump in. I mean, as we go forward, and we've talked about this previously, we continue to believe that our private label, what we're doing in private label, as well as foreign sourcing, will continue to provide benefits to our model. Shrink, clearly, we've gone the wrong way on shrink this year and there is opportunity for that to turn overall. I think tobacco will be a negative next year because keep in mind that we only started selling cigarettes in the second quarter this year and they really started to kick in, in the June and July time frame. So in terms of some pressure, we'll be dealing with that next year, also. But I think we've got a lot of levers that we can pull long term on gross margin in terms of helping increase it and get some leverage out of it. 
David Tehle: We're in the midst of wrapping up our open enrollment period here for healthcare coverage and clearly we will have a headwind from this in 2014, but its bouncing around on us a little bit right now, we have to see how many people sign up and at what levels they sign up on and that sort of thing. So we'll update you more on that. But like most companies in America, it will be a headwind for us next year. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think in the -- generally, when we bring on a DC, there is some -- again, all this is included in our guidance that we have for this year and will be in next year's guidance when we give it. You do have some impact of inefficiencies when you start up the DC, and it takes a few months before it gets up to capacity and starts operating efficiently. So we'll have a little bit of that. But again, we're pretty good at working through that. We've shown that as we've opened DCs. As a matter of fact, the prior year we opened 2 DCs at once and worked through it pretty well overall. So -- but, yes, absolutely, there are some inefficiencies when you open up. And then, as it gets downstream, it gets more efficient. And then you get -- the real help you get is from your stem miles, you reduce your transportation costs by having this new location. 
David Tehle: Yes, I'll comment on this and certainly, Rick may want to jump in. As we look at the fourth quarter, there's a lot of ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. And the potential for more promotional and competitive retail and climate that we're dealing with. And as we said at the beginning of the year, the fourth quarter is our toughest comparison. We're going to be lapping the highest quarter, particularly from a gross margin percent point of view that we had last year. The other thing we're up against, and again, this is last year, we had a $0.02 benefit in taxes from [indiscernible] because we had a retroactive impact that we took in the fourth quarter and again, we spelled that out in our press release last year when we released earnings. So I think as we look at it, probably, the best I can say is, look, we think it's prudent to be somewhat cautious in our outlook for the remainder of the year. Now, I want to point out we did raise the low end of our earnings per share for the full year to $3.18 from the $3.15 that it was. And again, our range now is $3.18 to $3.22 for the full year. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think the whole SG&A question really has to do with our mining for cost-reduction efforts in the company. And we continue to look for ways to take costs out, whether it be our workforce management, damages, stem miles, procurement, supplies, you name it. I mean, we're working on a whole variety of things and we always will be. Every year we're going to have a mining for cost reduction effort in the company. We like to look at it in terms of what does it take to lever SG&A and we're still locked in at that 3% to 3.5% comp in terms of leveraging SG&A. So in terms of looking at it on a square footage basis, I'd rather answer it by saying that we still see it levering at 3% to 3.5% in a normal environment. So I mean, we'll continue to work on it. We've been very pleased with how we've been able to lever it the past few quarters. We have a lot of efforts going on in the company. And again, we have a lot of levers to continue to pull on SG&A. 
David Tehle: I don't think it's that significant overall. And again, we'd be comparing to the same thing for Q4 last year, consistently in terms of the leverage that we'd be seeing. Every year, our store openings are always lower in the fourth quarter. That's kind of a normal thing. 
