Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Todd Vasos, our CEO; and John Garratt, our CFO. We will first go through our prepared remarks, and then we will open up the call for questions. Our earnings release issued today can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com under Investor Information, Press Releases. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, predictions and other historical matters, including, but not limited to, our 2015 forecasted financial results and capital expenditures; our planned fiscal 2015 and 2016 operating, merchandising, store growth and prototype initiatives; our capital allocation strategy and expectations; and statements regarding future economic trends. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those reflected in or implied by our forward-looking statements are included in our earnings release issued this morning; our 2014 10-K, which was filed on March 20, 2015; 2015 third quarter 10-Q filed this morning; and in the comments that are made on this call. We encourage you to read these documents. You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or otherwise revise any information discussed in this call.  We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, which, as I had mentioned, is posted on dollargeneral.com in the Investor Information, Press Releases section. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Todd. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: And Dan, just to clarify, because I have gotten a lot of questions about that, that's always been in our guidance, and we do say that in our prepared remarks. And we said it, called it out earlier in the year as well. So... 
Mary Winn Pilkington: So operator, that will wrap up our call today. I just want to say thank you to everyone for joining our call. Please stay tuned for a save the date for our Investor Day, as Todd mentioned, on March 23 and 24, and we'll look forward to seeing everyone then. And thank you for your interest in Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Michael, the way we see the business is, first of all, we have a very robust category management process here. And that process that we implemented well over 7 years ago has served us very well in being able to balance that consumable and non-consumable mix. While consumables continue to dominate our sales, I have to say that I'm very proud of where our non-consumable business has come. We never lost sight of our non-consumable businesses even through some of the real harsh times our consumer was going through back in 2009, '10 and coming out of that Great Recession that we had, and that continues now. We've had a nice string of consecutive quarters that our non-consumable businesses had been pretty strong. And then as you look at being that low-cost operator, we are committed to that. And I have to say, a little bit more to come as we get into 2016 on that. But I can tell you that it is our goal to ensure that, that leverage ratio comes down off of that 3.5%, and we'll be able to leverage our expenses at a much lower rate than it currently is. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure, Mike. Well, let me answer the -- your second question first, and I'll pass it over to John to talk to gross margin with you. As we see it, our core consumer, because she is always very cash-strapped, she does shop closer to the event. So whether it'd be 4th of July during the summer, whether it'd be Halloween in the fall or even holiday time around Christmas, she tends to shop heavier in the days leading into those holidays. Now she's always been that way, but we've seen it get a little bit closer to the holiday each and every year now for the last few years. And when you really look at our sales cadence in Q3, it was very evenly paced over the period. When you take that day shift that we have of Halloween into Q4 into account, it was very consistent. So it's just the way the consumer is shopping. And it's up to us as retailers to ensure that we supply her with what she needs at the time she needs it. And that's how we look at the business. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Dan, how we see it is, first, the labor investments are paying off, and I have to give a lot of credit to our operators. They've done a very, very nice job in ensuring that the labor investments that we're making are very strategic in nature and they have a return. And in saying that, what we have seen, especially from the ones that we rolled in Q2, so the first initial wave, we're seeing increased sales at the rate -- actually, at an accelerated rate than we had first anticipated. And we're seeing great customer connection type scores, and again, how we measure our customer and how she looks at the business. So right now, we're very happy with that. And it does take a little time, though. As we roll this in, it takes some weeks for the customer to recognize that there's something different. Remember, our core consumer shops with us only, on average, about every 5 to 6 weeks. So it takes some time for her to come in and really notice the difference. But after a couple times coming in, she starts to see it. And as she sees that difference, we're seeing it on the sales line, and we're seeing it in her satisfaction scores. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. We -- our Halloween and harvest, and we rolled those 2 together, performed very well. As a matter of fact, both on the sales side and our sell-through exceeded last year by 90 basis points. So we feel very good about the events that we put together for that piece. And we put together a very strong program for Q4, of course, holiday. And we were very happy with our November overall sales. They came in right on our original forecast. And as we now move into December and into the balance of the quarter, we have a lot of shopping ahead of us still, but we feel very good about the plans we have, both in print and in digital as well as in-store. So we are very cautiously optimistic on how the holiday season will end up for us. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So our shrink -- we don't usually talk about our shrink and the numbers, but I have to give credit to our store operators and our merchants. They've been working hand in hand now for well -- we always work on it, but well over a year on accelerated working on our shrink levels. And I'm very, very proud of the work that they've done. And those shrink levels continue to come down year-over-year. And shrink is one of the things that is never done. You're always working on shrink. But I have to say that our store operating team has a real good balanced approach to shrink to ensure that we use all of our technology tools and training to make sure that we can continue our shrink improvement as we go into 2016. 
Todd Vasos: Mere, this is Todd. You've known me for a while. And I have to tell you that the way we're approaching this and because it's coming from a position of strength, our goal is to make sure that we can always offer the consumer the lowest price that she can get. And what better way to be able to do that than to pass the savings onto the consumer that we can save that is noncustomer-facing today. I can't think of a better way to do that. And that's our goal. Our goal is to be able to pass on the savings to the consumer, at the same time, by lowering our leverage point. So I think we can do both. I know we can do both. And again, you know Dollar General pretty well. We don't just usually throw things around. We implement them, and we execute them at the top of our game. And this will be no different. 
Todd Vasos: Today, we monitor our wages across the United States as you can imagine. And what we're very proud of is that we pay a very, very competitive wage in all of the markets that we serve. In saying that, we continue to watch as wage pressures in some areas are on the rise. But I have to tell you that our operating team in hiring our hourly employees have done a fabulous job. And we are competitive where we need to be competitive. And we've seen virtually no difference today than we have in the past year. So we'll continue to watch that. But rest assured that we'll be in a position through all of our efforts here, including our cost containment that we talked about, to be able to reinvest wherever we need to, to be competitive. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. The 2 things that are the most very important aspects of turnover and reason that people leave: number one, the relationship with their supervisor; and number two, workflow. And we're addressing both in what we're doing and then coupling that with training. So when you look at how we're approaching it and what we've done and already seeing some success is making sure that we have the right people in place at the district manager level. If you remember, we did some work many quarters ago to realign our districts to get them a little tighter so that they're in the stores more. And that has really helped with our store manager engagement. And as store managers feel better about their district managers, they stay longer. And if they stay longer, your store employees stay longer and happier. It is a cascading event. So it takes time. We can't wave a wand and have to exchange overnight. But I have to tell you, we've made significant progress in a very short period of time with a lot of initiatives yet to come in 2016 and beyond. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Paul, the quarter really showed a very tame pricing environment, to be very honest with you. No significant promotional activity above last year. And I'm happy to say that our price competitiveness is exactly the same as it has been against all channels of trade. So we're very happy with that. And we compete every day just like everyone does with a multitude of different retailers. And the great thing about Dollar General is we've got some fabulous category management process this year that continues to take advantage of every opportunity that may be out there. And I have to say that we saw nice store -- same-store sales growth in many categories, if not, as you've heard already, across all of our consumable and non-consumable areas. So we feel very confident about how we take this forward and about the mix and how we deliver same-store sales. And rest assured, we have a plethora of initiatives coming out for 2016. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So let me answer your first question, and we're very, very excited about our new store format that we'll be rolling out in 2016. We've tested many components, if not all components of it. We actually already have 4 stores up and running as we speak across different states to test the concept out. But as everything that we do here at Dollar General, we spent a lot of time on the front side with our consumers, seeing what she wanted in that new store. I'll just give you a couple little -- a little tidbits, and you'll hear more from us as we move into 2016. But the great thing about what we're able to deliver in this new format is a more convenient front end for our consumer. She's able to get in, get out quicker, have more product to buy at the front end and is easily navigated throughout the store right in the front end. It really opens up the front end of our stores. It expands our coolers from our current offering of about 16 doors up to 22 doors. And those extra doors will house anything from immediate consumption beverages to additional frozen dairy and perishable-type products. And we've done a lot of other work in health and beauty in our $1 offerings throughout the store in our seasonal areas. So more to come, but right now, it's in the early stages. But we're very, very encouraged in what we see by how that consumer is shopping that new format versus the old format. And then as I look to your other question, we're very, very, very happy with our real estate program and the way that our real estate folks execute on a quarterly basis to open as many stores as we open and, of course, remodel and relo as many as we do. In saying that, we have announced already that we will open 900 next year. So if you think about it, that's a lot of projects today. But more importantly, we don't see anything structurally that gets in the way of a 6% to 7% square footage growth rate as we go out into the outer years. In saying that, those opportunities are a nice fine balance of urban, suburban, if you will, and our rural locations. And that's the great thing about how we've set this up, is that as we continue to open stores in the outer years, it will continue to be a fine balance between those 2. And there's still plenty of opportunities in both urban areas and our metro suburban areas. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I think one of the biggest differences there is that one Halloween day that shifted in, when you factor that in, it was a little bit more normalized. 
Todd Vasos: No. Especially in our seasonal pieces, in our pure seasonal pieces, we didn't really see very much weather impact. Obviously, like others in some of our apparel categories, the warmer wet weather slowed some of our early apparels, but we're starting to see finally that cool weather starts to show up. And as it showed up, our apparel sales as well as our other cold weather sales items have increased nicely. So again, we're again cautiously optimistic on all of that as we move into Q4. 
Todd Vasos: When you look at inventory, we had -- we did have a couple of those headwinds that you mentioned. In some of our non-consumable categories, the biggest shift probably was attributed to the import items that we had a very difficult time getting last year. As you remember, the port slowdown, which had been home and a lot of our non-consumable areas. And this year, products flowed as normal. And so when you look at it year-over-year, it gave us a little bit more inventory than we had last year. But quite frankly, a little bit more normalized that we used to see before that 2014 port slowdown that we were all dealing with. 
Todd Vasos: Well, like most retailers, we haven't seen a lot of inflation. And as you indicated, some key commodity areas like fluid milks, some coffees, et cetera, we've seen some deflation. Those are big categories for us. So sure, that is a headwind for us in some of our food categories where that deflation has slowed our top line or out-the-door retail a little bit. But the great thing about Dollar General and how we look at the business is any time we can offer the consumer a lower price, it's best for her, and it gives her more money to spend elsewhere and hopefully in our stores. And so we look at it as an advantage as well, and we try to take good care of that consumer on our non-consumable goods, where she may have a little bit more money to spend during her trip. 
Todd Vasos: Well, that's another very, very, very good question. And I sort of alluded to it a couple of minutes ago, it is a fine balance when you look at shrink, especially in our environment. And store managers, and I was one at one time, they tend to make sure that they protect the company's assets and their assets. So at times, that could be an issue, and we are no -- we're not immune to that. We're no different. We saw some of that. But the great thing is as we work on our on-shelf availability pieces, we're addressing those. But keep in mind, we also owe our stores tools to make sure that they feel comfortable in putting goods out. So we're rolling out more and more defensive merchandising tools so that we can keep product on the shelf for the consumer and yet have our store managers feel comfortable that it'll be there for sale for the consumer. So we're working both sides of that. And I think in the quarters to come with our efforts around on-shelf availability, it should only add to our in stocks, and it should also only add to our comp store sales. 
Todd Vasos: Dan, again, we haven't provided guidance obviously for 2016. But let me make sure that I do emphasize: It is our goal, first, to make sure that our consumer is taken care of, but also with an eye to our shareholders. So I would tell you that it'll be a very balanced approach with our zero-based budgeting activities, returning a portion of that back to our shareholders, but also reinvesting in our stores, whether it be price, whether it be labor in our stores, whatever that needs to be to be able to continue to drive our same-store sales at a very robust level. But stay tuned, more to come as we lay out our 2016 plans. 
Todd Vasos: How we look at the business is that we operate pretty consistently in high gas price or low gas price environments. When that price is high and she is strapped, we're a great alternative for her. And when it's lower and she may have a little bit more money, we're hoping that she spends it with us. But to your point, she seems to be spending this -- in this savings in gas prices a little differently. I think you almost look at it as she's sort of spending on deferred maintenance for her household. So -- and whether it be the automobile they didn't quite fix because they didn't have the money, or the refrigerator that they've been putting off buying for the last few years. Looks like she's spending money on that right now. But like everything is cyclical, it will come back around. And I believe that we'll be able to service our consumer in either one of those 2 environments on the energy price level. 
Todd Vasos: That's another great question, Chuck. And yes, a matter of fact, we'll have a plan and have a plan in place for 2016 to go back to many of our legacy stores. This is very easily backwards compatible, if you will. And you'll see that in 2016 because it is a driver of our traffic and continues to be, so look forward to that in '16. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Again, our November sales were right on our original plan or original forecast. So we feel very strong about November. And when you look at the overall comment, it is the environment that our consumer is in. Our consumer is always under pressure. I mean, she lives that way, but she's so resilient, and she figures it out. But she needs us to help her figure it out, and that's what we're here to do. She is facing a lot of headwinds, especially in rents. I mean, rents are up tremendously over the past few years. Our core consumer, our core, core consumer, nearly 50% of her take-home pay is going to rent today versus just a few short years ago, 37%. So you can see the headwind that she's gotten. And quite frankly, not a lot of wage growth for her. So there's a lot of other pressures that the core consumer has, but we feel very good about our offering and how we service that consumer. And I think we've shown it over the years, and the consumer is voting by coming to the Dollar General. 
John Garratt: In terms of your question around margin, I'll start by saying we're very pleased with the quarter-to-date performance driving 33 basis points of expansion. It has been very broad-based utilizing many levers such as shrink, expense control around distribution, transportation. And we see opportunity to continue driving the favorability on those over the long term as well as leveraging the additional levers we mentioned earlier in category management, private label and foreign sourcing. We had mentioned previously that the rate of expansion would moderate as we go forward. Looking ahead to Q4, our guidance for Q4 is 8% operating profit growth, and we look at -- for the full year, I'm sorry, 8% for the full year. And we look to utilize all the levers within SG&A and operating and gross margin to get there. I should note that, that is the toughest lap of the year, Q4. And I should also note that we lap the anniversary of our cash back fee, which had been providing benefits year-to-date as well as the ramp-up of labor investment, which does put some pressure on that. But still very comfortable with the 8% full year operating profit growth guidance and our ability to continue to drive operating profit margin growth over time. 
John Garratt: Sure. Great question. There's a couple key changes when you move to zero-based budgeting. And I'll say we've had great process rigor and discipline in place here that as you switch to zero-based budgeting, it really is a fundamental process change where you're doing a bottoms-up budget, making trade-offs, enforcing prioritization versus building a budget off of a prior year base. It's also a cost management change focused on dual ownership, where you have department -- traditional department budget owners as well as horizontal cost category experts who help drive increased scrutiny and resource allocation. And then also really driving ownership mind-set where we're putting our best resources against the best uses through the lens that Todd mentioned of what touches the customer, what's aligned with our strategic priorities while also mitigating against risk and making sure we're putting our money where we have the biggest returns. That's why they are the key differences, and we're well into that process of implementing that. The reduction in force was the first stage of that. Now on a go-forward basis, we're focused on driving costs out through indirect spending and continuing to drive a pipeline of savings to continue to drive down that SG&A leverage point and are doing it from a position of strength that positions us very well and solidifies our low cost position and competitive advantage. 
John Garratt: Sure. Our goal for inventory growth has been and always is to be -- keep it in line with sales growth over time. That doesn't happen every quarter, and this was one of those quarters. I'll start by saying our inventory is in great shape. If you look at of the increase, it was in consumables and core inventories. So no concerns there. And there's actions in place to reduce this. If you look at the third quarter, it was impacted, as we said, by on-shelf availability initiative as well as timing of receipts, which included imports as well as it was impacted by the sales performance. As we look ahead to Q4, there are some continued headwinds as we look at inventory projected levels there. We will be, again, lapping the West Coast port slowdown issue, which had inventory unusually low for imports this time last year -- in the fourth quarter last year. We also have an earlier Easter season, which will cause an earlier flow of inventory in the fourth quarter. And we will be stocking up to open our DC in San Antonio. So with the combination -- there are headwinds, which will impact our ability to get inventory all the way back in line with sales. But we do see that coming back in line over time and have actions in place to do so. 
John Garratt: Sure. As I mentioned before, in terms of gross margins, we look at gross margins and SG&A together in terms of hitting our goal, and we're very comfortable with the 8% guidance we provided. We'll work with both those levels. We're -- as we said before, we're going to deliver better performance this year than last year and the year before on overall operating margin, are very comfortable with hitting that number for Q4 and growing that going forward, leveraging the leverage we mentioned on gross margin as well as the strength of the zero-based budgeting actions we've taken will help us. 
