Richard Dreiling: Thanks, David. We had a strong second quarter, and we have an exciting second half of the year plan to build upon our momentum. We are pleased with the start to the third quarter, including a very solid back-to-school performance. Through the second quarter, we opened 295 new stores, including 21 Dollar General Markets and 18 Dollar General Plus stores, our new larger-format with expanded coolers and wider aisles. We also remodeled or relocated 416 stores in the first half of the year, including 25 Dollar General Markets and 46 stores converted to a Dollar General Plus format. These formats continue to be a test for us and while it is still early in the process, we are evolving the concepts and getting more experience in order to improve sales productivity and profitability. I like the top line results we are seeing, and I remain excited about the potential role these formats have in our store growth opportunities. At the end of the second quarter, we had a total of 10,203 stores in 40 states, including 90 Dollar General Markets and 70 Plus stores. Our 27 stores in California at the end of the quarter are off to a great start.  Our entry into California so far consists of 4 traditional stores, 14 Dollar General Plus stores and 9 Dollar General Markets. These stores are turning in strong sales performance, consistent with our projections. We are on track for a total of 50 stores by the end of the year in California. Our new distribution centers in Bessemer, Alabama and Lebec, California are ramping up. And in June, we announced plans to build a 12th distribution center in Pennsylvania to support our store growth in the Northeast. We expect this new DC to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. We're making great progress on implementing Phase 5, our initiative aimed at optimizing shelf space to reflect demand in the stores based on geography, demographics and actual store experience. We believe this initiative can have a meaningful impact on our square foot productivity over the next 2 to 3 years. Year-to-date, we have touched approximately 570 stores or about 6,500 different sets to ensure that they have the right planograms that fit their demographic profile. Results have been very favorable in the stores we've impacted. As you know, we have increased our emphasis on the $1 price point over the past year or so. We now have our $1 value valley in over 8,000 stores, and the nice thing about these offerings is that they are completely different from what's already in the store, and sales from this section are incremental to the basket. We will continue to add new merchandise and new categories for this section of our store to keep our customer engaged. During the second quarter, we had strong performance in many of our non-consumable departments such as hardware, stationery, home decor and domestics. There were several positives in apparel as well, including accessories and everyday basic apparel such as men's workwear and ladies sleepwear and undergarments. While ladies hanging apparel was disappointing, we do see some bright spots, and we are optimistic that our fresh approach to apparel merchandising and pricing will gain further traction in the second half of the year. We continue to make progress in improving our in-stock levels. Out of stocks through the second quarter were down 25% from a year ago and 45% from 2009. This improvement is contributing to positive results in our customer service scores as we believe that our focus in this area can continue to drive additional sales growth. We are also moving forward with the implementation of our new supply chain system, which we expect to complete over a multiyear time frame, with the goal of reducing costs and increasing efficiencies. As we are in the process of installing the new modules of our supply chain solution, we are running both the new and legacy systems in parallel to help prevent inventory disruptions or service level disruptions. This investment in our supply chain will enhance our ability to ensure that we have the right product at the right time, in the right quantity and at the right cost to meet our customers' needs. So to wrap it up, we're very pleased with our second quarter and the first half of 2012, and we believe that we are well positioned for the second half of the year. At Dollar General, we remain focused on controlling what we can control and delivering strong financial results for our shareholders. I am confident that we have significant opportunities for sustainable growth, at the heart of which is our commitment to convenience and our everyday low price strategy, which continues to resonate strongly with our customers. Before I close, I would like to give my sincere thanks to over 90,000 Dollar General employees who are responsible for serving our customers and delivered yet another great quarter. So with that, Mary Winn, I will turn it over to you for questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Let's address pricing first. I think, as I look at the price checks and the ad activity, I think pricing is relatively stable, much like the second quarter. I do think, John, you're seeing people value proposition more in print and more in radio and more on television. So I think while pricing is relatively stable, people are really touting their message much harder in the various types of media that are out there to do that. In regards to inflation, I would look at you and say I anticipate we'll probably see very much the same thing we saw in the first quarter, if that happens. But at Dollar General, once again, we're committed to unit growth. And we're going to do everything we can to protect unit growth, which ultimately leads to share growth. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we are -- we believe the story at Dollar General, John, is units. And we have a merchandising organization that's as committed to that as I am. And we believe, when we drive units, everything else will take care of itself eventually. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, the -- I could take a basket of items and give you a great comparison against anybody, any day. What I will tell you is we do a very good job of tracking where the big-box operators are. We're very, very comfortable where we are. So it's kind of the little things, you can say what you want to say. We're very comfortable where we are, and I'm very pleased that we continue to maintain a very large gap with drug and grocery. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. A couple of questions there. First of all, approximately 120 stores are coming out of Lebec right now. And remember, we'll have 50 stores in California at the end of the year. We're servicing New Mexico, Phoenix and Arizona out of there. In regards to pricing, obviously the advantage on the margin comes from reduced distribution and transportation costs, and that obviously puts us in a position to be more competitive if need be or translate into higher margin improvement. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Matt. I have to tell you, I think the merchants over the last year have done a wonderful job of improving the quality of the product and maintaining the retail price and the cost for that matter. And I think what's happening is that people are recognizing that we're offering up values now that are pretty consistent on a day-in, day-out basis. I will tell you how it's translating into August. I mean, our back-to-school was up high single-digits, and we're very pleased with what we're seeing. And the interesting thing, as you recall when I talked to you about back-to-school last year, I talked about it being more needs based. People were buying pencils and papers and notebooks. This year, they're breaking down and buying the backpack, and they're buying the things that kids hang on the backpack. And again, I attribute that to -- I think we've done a much better job on being more relevant. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, the obvious thing is -- what we're doing is we're looking at categories that should be good that are less productive in some stores. And that's really what led us to the fact, and it's not a very good example but I like to use it all the time, is the diapers versus the incontinence product. We're doing well in diapers. So the question is why are these 1,500 stores aren't doing, which leads you to go to those stores, take a look at that stores and go oh my God, they're building an area where the customer base is a little more mature. And that is the process that the merchants are applying across the organization. Why does beer do better here than wine? And that's the process that's taking place. Some of it's driven by -- obviously by demographics. Some of it's driven by the economic environment that the store is in. I don't know if that's hopeful or not, Meredith. 
Richard Dreiling: That's correct. I mean eventually, you'll touch every store in the chain. But in some stores, you might touch 2 or 3 sets. In some stores you might touch 9 or 10. And that's why we're trying to equate this not to just do in the stores. We're trying to equate it to the number of categories that we'll touch long term. And Meredith, that's why we're so bullish, like Phase 1, 2, 3, 4, that this has runway, because it's going to take us to get through -- time to get through it. 
Richard Dreiling: Bell [ph], and that's a very good question. And when we talk about doing this, we're not talking about adding a bunch of incremental SKUs. What we're talking about is adjusting the phasings that guarantee an in-stock position. So this is an indivisible transition to the distribution center. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would tell you, number one, the perishable side of the business does much better because of the incremental cooler space. But I think what we're seeing at this stage of the game is the wider aisle is increasing the shopability in the store, and the additional square footage is helping us with the in-stock. So you're seeing a nice lift basically overall. And I can't say enough, the incremental footage gives us more seasonal presence, which helps us with the margins in the store. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's a really good question, and you hit the number right on the head on the back half. It takes a while for that presence to ramp up, and people get comfortable with the quality of the products you've got. When I look at the non-consumables and particularly apparel, accessories, I think the merchants have done a great job of aligning us with Foster Grant. You now have Foster Grant sunglasses and readers, which is by the way name recognition again, great for the trade-down customer because we've got a great price on those and they relate to that quality. We saw improvement in men's, particularly in workwear. We had a great quarter in underwear. When I look at ladies' undergarments, we did very well there. And even, to be frank, the -- why we had some drag in women's hanging apparel, there still was improvement there. The drag wasn't as bad as it's been. And as I look at -- I don't want to forget about kids, excuse me, the work we have done on positioning kids and creating a center. What we're trying to do very hard, Colin, on the non-consumables side is what we've done on the consumables side, we're trying to lift all the boats. And we're starting to see that more even lift. And while I am no way trying to imply that we've crossed the finish line, but I feel for once we can see it from here. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's another excellent question. To be honest with you, we got behind on the number of new stores we opened in the quarter, and we didn't get as many new store weeks as we've historically seen in the quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. In regards to running the 2 platforms simultaneously, I would look at you and say very little incremental cost. I mean, I would say it's negligible. We are doing that mainly as a safety valve, Scot. What you don't want to do is commit to a new program until you're 100% convinced it's going to be functional. While we're making a lot of great progress there, we're being very cautious because what we don't want is a supply chain disruption. In regards to California, obviously it's going to be a little more expensive to operate. However, we're going in there with much higher volumes than we historically see in traditional markets. So in terms of the overall profitability of those, long term, we think we're going to be just as solid in California as Alabama, Mississippi or Georgia. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Off the top of my head, if I was guessing, anywhere from maybe 310 to 343, somewhere in there, depending on the size of the store. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we have, there is no doubt. And I think every competitor would tell you, you have a subset of your customer base that will always cherry pick, right? And we have that in our base as well. The interesting stat for us, Dan, is that we tend to trade more customers with the dollar, the pure dollar segment, than we do with people that would be more traditional for us. Hence, that's why we put the focus on the value valley over the last 1.5 years. And I would also like to throw out, too, when you think about this, I was actually talking to someone about this the other day, Dan, there is a lot of white space out there. This really isn't about the deep small-box discount channel, which is just 5% of all this consumable retailing out there. We're trading customers across an over $800 billion world out there. And that's the exciting thing that we've discovered at Dollar General over the last 4.5 years, is we can effectively compete not only with our like competitors, but with drug and grocery, en masse as well. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's another outstanding question. We have enough knowledge when we go into a market area. The store gets set properly when we go in. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, quite frankly, it's was very successful. I think, Deb, I told everybody we arrived at the conclusion that the consumer is more used to seeing apparel promoted rather than Everyday Low Price. They're used to seeing it 20% off or 50% off or buy one get one free. And we really believe that we are moving in the right direction with that. And we'll see more in the back half of the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think, quite frankly, Deb, it opens up the potential for Dollar General in a lot of markets or even trade areas that we would probably have been afraid to go into in the past. I mean, there's been a radical change in the mix of products inside our stores over the last 4.5 years. I have to say, we signed Foster Grant. I mean, think about Foster Grant. That's a name you all know, and we have a fabulous retail on it. I'm very excited. We designed a Dreyer's ice cream contract where we'll have Dreyer's or Edy's ice cream, yes, through Nestlé. And those -- that brand recognition is making us relevant. And it puts us in a position where we can demand maybe a little higher initial opening store sales when we build a new store, which gives us the ability to go into a little more upscale market than we've dealt with in the past. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I'll take the first half because the back half is a little harder. I'll leave that for Tehle. In terms of -- I think that I am, Chuck, getting very bullish on the non-consumables side. However, it's a little early yet and I think it'll play out as we move through the second half. I think our strategy in terms of how we're pricing the product, we've done a much better job of buying the product and there's a little more margin there. So as I look down the road, I think as we move through the back half of the year, we're going to see some improvement. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's exactly right. I wasn't trying to send a message that, that was the comps where we're at. No. I was just talking about the back-to-school. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's another really good question. I am a big proponent of the Dollar General, the traditional store. I think it's our bread and butter. It'll always be our bread and butter. And those stores are performing exceptionally well. I'm very happy with what we're seeing in the Dollar General Market. We've entered the Stockton market with 3 stores and with -- they're all Dollar General Market, Chuck, and we're very pleased with what we're seeing there. And the Dollar General Plus? Again, the higher volume stores, particularly in California with the density we think it's going to be a good play, too. But again, I want to reinforce it's all about the Dollar General traditional store, and that's our bread-and-butter. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, that's just basically it. Yes. Our customer tends to go somewhere else first and use us as a fill in. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, what we'll do is we'll -- we have a consolidation center on the East Coast as well as the West. And what we would do is move that product there and then ship it into the stores. So we feel pretty good that we've got it covered. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we are -- like I said, while we had some drag on hanging apparel in the second quarter, it was not as bad as we've seen in the previous couple 3 quarters. And we think 2 things are going to happen. Number one, our pricing strategy, which we've seen some positive movement on across apparel in general. And now what's happening is the fall and winter product is starting to finally come in. And that's our Cindy Long, our Vice President, that's her first real buy. And I have to tell you, we showed the board the product at our board meeting last week, and they were encouraged in the quality of the product we're going to have out there. So it's soon. It's very soon, David. But I do think we're making the right -- we're taking the right steps. 
Richard Dreiling: Mark, this falls back to our commitment to unit growth, right? We're going to keep the units moving. And we really believe that that's the foundation of our success last year and going into this year. 
Richard Dreiling: Here's what I would say. It's a really good question. As I sit here and reflect on it, what I would say is we were underpenetrated in HBA, and we made a conscious decision a year ago to go in and expand those categories. So I can't specifically say to you, "Yes, I'm getting that from the drug customer or my consumables. That's coming from the grocery channel." But I think if you look at the power of what we've done with Rexall, particularly on the HBA side, that brand recognition, I think we've just elevated the quality of the product at a great price, and we're just -- it's coming a little bit from everywhere, Mark, if that makes any sense. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. We have expanded the assortment, and I also don't want to sell short this commitment we have with Foster Grant now. Again, that's no different than when we brought Tide in. That's a big deal. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think we can't ever lose focus of the sight that we are the fill-in shop or a bigger shop that takes up space someplace else. And as I think about it, the importance of driving traffic, I think, is the #1 thing for us, right? Our customer goes and spends their money somewhere and then they only have so much left, and I think they will continue to spend more with us when there's less economic pressure on them. So as I think about the basket, I think we'll see modest growth through the years. But we're committed to driving footsteps, which we think ultimately will be the win for us. And Dave, I don't know if you have anything to add on that or... 
Richard Dreiling: I don't want to answer that one. I wish -- I hope it's bigger than that, but we'll have to wait and see. I think you're dealing with a channel that's becoming more relevant. And I think the one thing that we are demonstrating is we're broadening the appeal to a much different client base than we've had in the past. That certainly could take you somewhere where you could see some growth. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think, Anthony, as you look at it, it has to do right now with the availability of real estate when we rolled into that market, and it was slated more toward a bigger footprint. And we made a conscious decision, since we had that bigger footprint, to put in the DG Pluses and the DG Markets. Long term in California, like the rest of the chain, our commitment's to the Dollar General, the traditional store. And we do believe, though, like other areas of the country, there'll be opportunities surgically to drop a Plus store or a Dollar General Market. So long term, our commitment in California is to the DG traditional store. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. In regards to the number of them opening, we said about almost a year ago we'd have 100 open by the end of the year, and I believe we got approximately 70 open now. In fact, I actually might have said 100 to 125, somewhere in there. Right now, it's a little soon for me to be talking about basket size and mix and all of that. But I will tell you, Denise, the preliminary indications are we feel good. It's a bigger box. It's going to require a little more effort in regards to mix, the cost of the facility, and we're working on all of those issues now. And what I have said is after we get them open and we have a little runway with them, then we'll give you some updates on where we're at. 
Richard Dreiling: That is correct, and I was just talking about back-to-school. I'm not talking about the entire quarter. Just back-to-school. We're real pleased with what we've seen. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think I'll kind of start at the back rather than the front. What's been fascinating about the e-commerce side is it's a customer that's coming from states we're not even in, which we find fascinating. And I think what's going on here is, Patrick, that people are trying us out through the e-commerce side. What it has done -- by the way, we're selling more unit items than bulk items. It skews more towards our electronic promotions, more towards HBA, those sorts of things. And I think what it has done is it has forced us to do a much better job of upgrading the site. We now have the store locator program on there that I think is very robust. And again, it's -- maybe even items like baby diapers, bulk items, right? In terms of the amount of business it's going to do long term for us, I don't want you to think it's going to be a $200 million business because it's never going to be that. But it's an opportunity for us to expose ourselves, continue to refine it and hopefully use it as a communication vehicle to the customer. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Patrick, I don't have that kind of granular information in front of me, other than to say that we were very pleased with it. Very pleased. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think as I reflect on it here, when I think about our core customer, I think no matter who wins the presidential election in the course of the next 60 days, I think there's going to be continued pressure on that customer for a very long period of time, whether it be if programs are going to come, what programs will come, how much they are. I think at the end of the day, regardless of who's president, people still need jobs, and we all know that the pressure on the economy is going to keep that forefront -- front and center for everybody for a long period of time. So what I will tell you, Joe, is we started this journey as a team here by focusing on what we can control. And while I can't control the political environment, I certainly can control what we sell, how much we sell it for and when we sell it for. And that's what we'll stay focused on. And hopefully, that'll pay the same fruits 4.5 years from now like it has the last. 
David Tehle: Yes. I think as we look at the back half of the year, we definitely see a positive impact from LIFO. If you remember last year, in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we had fairly sizable LIFO hits. In the third quarter, it was around $11 million and in the fourth quarter, it was $22 million. And right now, for the full year, our best guesstimate on LIFO for the full year is that it will be around $2 million. We also see some potential favorability out of our transportation and distribution. Some stem miles reduction and some efficiencies in carton per load, although we do watch diesel prices pretty carefully. Diesel has been increasing over the last 6 to 8 weeks and is actually above where it was a year ago at this time. We'll see what happens now that Labor Day is behind us. And then on the DC side, we do see some efficiencies coming out of those new DCs as we get over the learning curve for those 2 DCs. So that's really how it plays out. 
David Tehle: And that was the reason, of course, for opening the distribution center in Lebec, was to cut down the stem miles so we didn't have to make those shipments out of our Ardmore facility in Oklahoma. 
David Tehle: I think if you look at the quarter, Deb, we definitely had favorables from workforce management that came forward in retail salaries. And I think we probably have a couple more quarters in terms of favorability there. Obviously, it's been going on for a while now and at some point, it'll start to diminish. We also had favorability in the quarter from our lower benefit costs, as well as lower worker's compensation costs. If we look at our mining targets over this year and next year, I mean there are a lot of things on our agenda in addition to workforce management, which has been a tremendous opportunity for us. We have opportunities, other ways in labor to reduce costs. We have damages that we're looking at, supplies, rent, maintenance in the stores and then all kinds of things going on in transportation and efficient SKU movement. So again, I want to stress how important our mining for cost-reduction effort is at Dollar General, and it's definitely -- has a lot of legs yet in terms of the future. 
David Tehle: Yes. I think as we look at the pieces of the margin, definitely there's some mix issues continuing to go on. We watch that very carefully, particularly as we get into the fourth quarter as we get into the holiday season. That's always a little bit difficult to call in terms of what the holiday is going to look like. We also believe we're going to have fewer markups than we had last year. Now some of that is an offset from LIFO, obviously, but that's something that we track carefully. And then we're watching the diesel costs, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the impact that'll have on transportation costs. And right now, diesel costs are above where they were last year. So we put it all together and that's where we came out on it, Chuck. 
David Tehle: John, the first part of the question, we definitely had -- as the DCs came off, that didn't hit SG&A anymore in the second quarter. But again, when we prioritized the items and give what the biggest hitters were, the workers' comp, the benefits and the retail salaries, workforce management were larger than the impact of the D.C. So that's why it specifically didn't get called out. On the SNAP piece of it, I'll say a little bit and I'll let Rick comment, too. It stays pretty steady at 5% of our business, and it's been that way for a while. 
David Tehle: Yes. I mean, our home business continues to do well as we mentioned. The timing difference we were talking about was we had -- it was mainly apparels that we thought we were going to get in the quarter that didn't come in the quarter and will hit the third quarter. And that made that per-store amount a little bit lower than we have been running traditionally. Again, we're pretty happy with our turns that we have. 5 2 turn versus a 5 1 that we had a year ago on inventory. So we continue to be pleased. And as always, we try to balance our inventory turns with our in stock and again, the customer experience, what we're trying to do for the customer in the stores. 
David Tehle: Yes. On the markup comment, a lot of that has to do with the LIFO. And again, I threw out some fairly large numbers last year that we took on LIFO in the third and fourth quarter and that had to do with cost increases that we were taking from vendors. And as we've mentioned, we selectively did have to take some prices up because of the cost increases that we got. So that really is why we had the markups and the markup comment. And with LIFO being lower, obviously we don't have as many of those markups. On the foreign sourcing, right now, on a year-to-date basis, foreign sourcing is about 9.7% versus 8.5% last year. We've added new items in stationery, back-to-school, home, domestics and toys. We now have very small satellite offices. And by satellite office, I mean a computer, a phone and 1 or 2 people. So it's minimal capital investment but still doing us a lot of good. Satellite offices in Vietnam, Istanbul, Monterey, Mexico and West Central China. We did, in terms of the -- if you look at the quarter, the receipts were a little bit higher on foreign sourcing, about 11.4% versus 8.4% last year. And we did have some early receipts in toys and stationery. And again, I think the year-to-date number is more representative of where we see the foreign sourcing. So again, a lot of effort going on there and seeing impact in the current year because of it. 
David Tehle: Well look, we always try to partner with our vendors appropriately on these types of things. And sometimes we're successful with that, and sometimes we're not. 
David Tehle: We don't break that out separately. They both contributed to the comp, and transaction was higher than ticket. But really, they were both favorable and we were happy to see that. 
David Tehle: Yes, the only thing I'd add is that we do use the non-consumables to drive the basket, as we've said before, and we're pretty happy with some of the new trends we're seeing in non-consumables. 
David Tehle: One final comment, Rick, that I want to make. It was pointed out in my opening comments, I might have said the wrong number on the weighted average diluted shares, and the right number is in the press release. Our revised guidance is based on approximately 337 million weighted average diluted shares, just to avoid any confusion there. 
