Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter results, capping off a strong year of performance across the company. Notably, our full year results include our best sales comp increase in 7 years, and double-digit diluted EPS growth. The quarter was highlighted by same-store sales growth of 3.2% despite the lap of an estimated 70 basis point sales comp benefit from the pull forward of SNAP payments into Q4 of last year, and double-digit growth in both operating profit and diluted EPS. We're especially pleased that we delivered strong operating margin performance this quarter, even as we continue to invest in key areas, including our strategic initiatives to strengthen our competitive position and support long-term sustainable growth. Overall, we are executing well against both our operating and strategic priorities, and believe we are well positioned to drive continued growth as we move forward.  During today's call, I'll first recap some of the top line results for the fourth quarter and full year. John will then review our financial results in more detail as well as discuss our financial guidance for fiscal 2020. Afterwards, Jeff and I will provide an update on our operating priorities and strategic initiatives, including some key actions we've taken that not only contributed to our strong results in 2019 but have also laid the groundwork for what we expect to be another solid year of performance in 2020.  In the fourth quarter, net sales increased 7.6% to $7.2 billion compared to net sales of $6.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. We are particularly pleased with the balanced nature of our sales performance once again driven by meaningful contributions across many fronts, including sustained positive sales momentum across new stores and mature store base, strong same-store sales growth in both our consumable and non-consumable product categories and another quarter of strong growth in customer traffic and average basket size. Once again this quarter, we increased our market share in highly consumable product sales as measured by syndicated data, with mid- to high single-digit growth in both units and dollars over the 4-, 12-, 24- and 52-week periods ending January 25, 2020. Importantly, our market share gains continued to increase at an accelerated rate throughout these periods, which we believe speaks to the underlying momentum of the business. For the full year, net sales increased 8.3% to $27.8 billion compared to net sales of $25.6 billion in 2018. Same-store sales for the year increased 3.9%, which, as I mentioned earlier, represents our best full year comp sales performance in 7 years and includes our highest increase in customer traffic since 2015. Notably, 2019 marked our 30th consecutive year of same-store sales growth. This underscores our belief that Dollar General's unique value and convenient proposition continues to resonate with our customers and speaks to the resiliency of our business model.  Collectively, we view these results as further validation that we are pursuing the right strategies to enable more balanced and sustainable growth by creating meaningful long-term shareholder value. We continue to believe we operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail and are well positioned to advance our goal of further differentiating and distancing Dollar General from the rest of the discount retail landscape.  Before I turn the call over to John, I want to note that we are following the coronavirus outbreak closely, and our thoughts are with everyone affected. As compared to some retailers, our direct import sourcing exposure is relatively limited, although many of our domestic vendors also source from other countries. We have limited insight into the extent to which our business may be impacted by this outbreak, and there are many unknowns. But we currently do not anticipate a material impact on fiscal 2020 results from anything that we have experienced to date. Of course, we are continuing to monitor the events closely. We are also mindful of those who were impacted by the devastating tornadoes that struck Nashville and surrounding areas last week, and we are actively working to support our people and this community. As I've said before, our business is built on people, and their health and safety will always be top priority.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Rupesh, we are, like probably other retailers, seeing a stock-up phenomenon happening over the last 1.5 weeks to 2 weeks, accelerated into this week a little bit more. So we're continuing to watch that closely. I'm really proud of our store teams with the additional volume, how they've taken care of our customers and our supply chain teams making sure that we have stock in the store for those customers that come in. It is our hope, as we move through this, we're able to satisfy the customer need as they continue to shop with us. We're watching it closely as well because like most stock-ups, there's always a backside to this. So we're watching that as we continue to move through the next few weeks with the hope that this virus will diminish over time. And obviously, we'll see the back end. But we'll keep everybody posted as we move forward. Our goal internally here, again, is to ensure we deliver for our core consumer. 
Todd Vasos: As you take a look at what we've been able to post in 2019 and, let's be honest, even in years prior, we're really taking share from across the board in many respects. Obviously, DG Fresh has accelerated some of that -- those share gains coming from different disciplines as well that are out there. But the great thing is that DG Fresh is scaling exactly where we thought it would. Our teams have done a fabulous job. As you can imagine, this is a very complex project to roll out. But in true DG fashion, we're rolling that out at a very, very high level of execution. So we're looking forward to additional gains in traffic and customer counts as we continue to scale that.  And then the NCI piece is another one that we're seeing some very good traction from on our non-consumable side. We posted our best non-consumable sales last year that we've seen in the last 4 to 5 years, and a lot of it has to do with a lot of the work that the team has put in within our non-consumable initiative. And the important thing here is scaling it very quickly up to 2,400 stores and soon to be 5,000 by year's end. But the most important thing is we've been able to take the learnings from that and move it back to the entire chain so that we saw a great benefit as we move through 2019. We expect the same in 2020. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. As we see the core customer, as you know, we talk to her each and every quarter. Leading into Q1, so coming out of Q4, our core customer was in really good shape and continues to be in good shape, probably not much -- not very different than what we saw her coming out of Q2 and into Q3. Now, obviously, with the coronavirus setting in, we're watching that very carefully. We'll be talking to our core consumers here in the next couple of weeks to understand exactly how she's feeling as she now moves through our Q1 and dealing with the coronavirus. But I would tell you that everything was all systems go as far as we were concerned leading into this virus. So we anticipate that our core consumer will be in pretty good shape. And I think it really goes to show you the -- some of the stock-up sales that we've seen early on here, as I mentioned earlier, our core consumer is doing a lot of that, and she has the means to do it. And I think that's an important note to take away is that in years past, she might not have had that luxury or that opportunity.  From an environment standpoint, I would tell you that the promotional environment is very, very stable, again, very much like we saw it all the way through 2019. And we feel fabulous about where our everyday pricing is on the shelf. We're in very, very good shape. And again, probably some of the best that we've seen in -- really, since I've been here for over 11 years. So we're in very, very good shape there. So right now, we feel good about that customer, we're watching it closely. And John, you may want to talk about the cadence. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. As we look at what's transpired over the last couple of weeks, we've seen a pretty good balance of shopping acceleration across the 44 -- 45 states now that we operate in, and really not specific to the Pacific Northwest. Now as you indicated, though, we are less exposed out there just because of really just growing that store count in California, Oregon and Washington, obviously. So we're less exposed out there, but seeing the sales really across the board.  As far as the social distancing is concerned, I think it is key to point out, and it's not lost on us, obviously, that we're within 5 to 7 miles of the majority of the United States, over 75%, if you will. We are in all these rural communities. But I think the most important thing here is that we're a small-box shop close to your home. And I think in times like this where people are probably less apt to travel, we believe that we'll get our fair share of that consumer base because they just don't want to travel to the big box or don't want to travel great distances. So we're watching that very closely. And I think that phenomenon, if play out, we'll be probably in the upcoming weeks as we see this virus continue to unfold. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Michael, we watch all retailers, whether it's directly in our space or in the other areas of drug, grocery or mass retailing. I would tell you, and we track it closely, as you can imagine, we don't see a great deal of promotional activity across the board. There's always a skirmish here or there, if you will, in certain DMAs but that's always there, right? And we're squarely focused on controlling what we can control. And we feel we're in a great spot on everyday price, on our promotional cadence that we have out there, and we continue to distance ourselves from our nearest competitors. And that's really what we're focused on. And I think we're delivering on that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, sure, Paul. Yes, we feel very good about our real estate program. It is one of Dollar General's core strengths, and we continue to execute at a very, very high level. As you indicated, we're very pleased with the results we saw in 2019, and it was just another year of adding on to great results, even from past years. We still see an opportunity to -- in the Continental United States to put a Dollar General in about 12,000 locations. And so there's still a lot of runway there. DG Fresh, honestly, opens up some runway for us as well because of being able to scale our cooler counts and associated product sales, including produce, so it opens it up. And we, with all the metrics that we follow on our new stores, continue to run at a very, very high rate on the top of what we see as far as a return of 20% to 22%. So again, very, very strong, and we see that 2020 should be the same. And we've come out of the shoot very strong in the early days here.  As it relates to the higher cooler count, this is, again, just a continuation of how we see coolers and the associated sales with that. As I've mentioned before, and I still truly believe, we're still somewhere in that fifth inning of a 9-inning ballgame on cooler counts and be able to really leverage that. And again, DG Fresh will be a big, big unlock as we continue to roll that out. These higher-capacity coolers can contain and will contain 25% more items and it holds, in totality, 44% more product. So the holding power is greater and reduces out of stocks, which increases sales. So again, we're very, very happy with our decisions to move to that, and I believe you'll start to see those benefits in 2020 and beyond. So again, very, very happy. The team has done a great job in executing and we see the same as we go into '20 here. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. Well, again, early days, Paul. 30 stores up and running. But the great thing here is, our IT team and our operating teams collectively stood this up in less than 1 year. And the app is very, very intuitive. It's great. I use the app myself, and I've seen others -- other competitors that have the app. And I would tell you that ours is as good, if not better, than most of those. Early on, we're seeing about what we thought we would see. We're seeing some conversion from existing customers, but probably some new customers as well. The great thing is our repeat customer, based on this, is at a very high level, much higher than we thought. So that's a very good sign that, one, she enjoyed the experience; and two, in some of these newer customers, we're getting repeat newer customers as well. So we're going to continue to monitor that very closely. We think that's one of the key metrics, are we actually attracting a new customer overall? And so we'll watch that as we go.  A couple of points just to think about here is the average items, as running about 7 to 8 to 9 items, somewhere in there, which is not too dissimilar to what a full checkout experience average is for our core consumer. And the dollar amount is running about $3 to $5 more, depending on the transaction than our normal. So again, we're a fill-in, as we've always mentioned, and she's using this DG Pickup, at least so far early on in 30 stores, as additional fill-in.  Now as it relates to scaling. We've said this before, we're going to take this slow. But if our consumers continue to resonate the way they have, we're going to be able to turn the dial up as quickly as we believe we should to scale this appropriately with the appropriate return against it. But we're only going to go as fast as the consumer wants us to go, and also only as fast as our execution levels will allow us. We're very disciplined along those lines and we'll continue to be. But the great thing here is, we believe, is a real competitive advantage for us, especially in our channel. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. Obviously, we're watching the virus, as I mentioned earlier, very closely. And if it does lead to a weaker macro environment, we feel we're very well positioned to capture those opportunities as they come. As it relates to 2008 and '09 compared to today, well, we're a much different shop today than we were. In '08 and '09, we were fixing the railroad, raising our gondola heights, doubling our SKU count, a lot of different things that drove those comps, probably to a little bit more of an outstretched comp than what you might see in a downturn in today's environment.  But in saying that, we still believe very strongly that we're well positioned in a downturn from the product offering that we have as well as the customer that we serve. And also, we know from '08, '09, which we don't believe this will change is that trade-down customer will come into the box as well. And the great thing about that is maybe she visited us back in '08 and '09, and some, obviously, may not have come back. When she comes back, she's going to see a completely different box that's even more enhanced than she saw before. So we'll watch it carefully, but we think we're well positioned as we move forward here. 
John Garratt: Yes. In terms of sales, I'll start by saying, we feel as good about this business as I've ever felt, I think Todd would agree. The initiatives are firing on all cylinders. So we expect strength throughout the year. Now, obviously, there's some lapping differences. As you move through the year, the lap gets a little tougher, Q3 in particular. As Todd mentioned, Q1, obviously, over the last 2 weeks, we've seen the stock-up he mentioned. But as he also mentioned, it remains to be seen whether that is just timing or whether that is permanent because we tend to see that average out over time. So more to come on that. But overall, anticipate a really strong year for sales and feel very good about the guidance provided. 
John Garratt: Yes. As you look at gross margin, I'll start by saying we're very pleased with where we're at right now, ending the year with 60 basis points expansion, 14 basis points of expansion in the year, coupled with strong comp in traffic growth. As you look across the year, the things that helped Q4 we expect to continue. The biggest driver in Q4 we've called out with higher initial markups, and DG Fresh was the biggest driver of that. And as Todd mentioned, with DG Fresh and NCI, we're very pleased with what we're seeing there, and we continue to see those benefits grow as we move forward. And NCI has that added benefit of helping the non-consumables across the system as we take the best ideas and implement them elsewhere and again, having the best year this year in non-consumables that we had in 4 or 5 years. We see other opportunities to expand our gross margin. We're very pleased with what we saw in private brands this quarter, with the actions we've put in place. We're getting traction in direct and foreign sourcing, on supply chain as the market has stabilized. We've done a lot of great work there to take advantage of that and driven efficiencies there. In shrink, with the investment we made in the EAS units in the latter part of the year, adding 6,000 units. As we hit those inventories later in the year, that should help. And then, of course, you have just the great relationships we have with our vendors and the scale we have with our low SKU model count. So when you put all these together, we feel good about our ability to enhance our gross margin over the long term. There's a lot of levers here.  Now we always reserve the right to invest in price when appropriate to drive share. But currently, we're in a great spot on price and happy with results. So feel good about where we're at. We'll make trade-offs throughout the year, as we mentioned. We are investing some SG&A to drive gross margin, but feel that positions us very well, not only for this year, but to drive that double-digit EPS growth we strive for over the long term. 
John Garratt: Yes. I think when you look at the guidance provided on the top line and the bottom line guiding towards the approximately 10% EPS growth, I think that suggests a pretty healthy operating profit or EBIT growth on top of a very healthy one this year. And I would say, what we're focused on right now is striking a healthy balance between the near-term and the long term. We are investing in SG&A, investing a little bit SG&A to save more gross margin over time. And as we said, Fresh and NCI are going to be accretive this year, but we continue to invest in these initiatives as they scale. But again, we think that's the right trade-off for the long term.  And as we come into the year, it's the beginning of the year, there are some uncertainties. You have the uncertainty around coronavirus, election cycle and what that may mean to the macros. But as Todd has said, we believe we're very well positioned in that event -- unfortunate event of a downturn. Delivering 30 straight years of consecutive same-store sales growth, I think, it just shows the resiliency of the model. And I think we're very well positioned to serve our customers, as he mentioned. So feel good about the guidance provided and feel we're striking a healthy balance between the near-term and the long term with our eye on continuing to deliver sustainable double-digit EPS growth over the long term. 
John Garratt: Yes, I'll start by saying that you're correct in thinking that DG Fresh is the biggest -- as I mentioned, there's a lot of drivers to help gross margin, but DG Fresh is the biggest one to point to this year.  In terms of sizing that, I think a couple of data points we've provided is that it's about 8% of our business and it's a growing piece of our business. And as mentioned, it was the leading driver of the leading item we called out in our gross margin expansion for the quarter. So feel good about where we're at and feel good about what it can contribute, and not just on gross margins, but sales as well. I think that's the other thing to point to is we see it as a sales driver as well. As we remodel stores, add the coolers, that provides a very sizable sales bump. And we think as we can improve the assortment, improve the in-stock, and as we said before, historically, our in-stock on the frozen refrigerated side of the business has lagged dry by 10 points. There's a very strong correlation, as you know, between in-stock and sales.  And so we see that as a benefit as we close that gap as well as the ability to improve the assortment in the store, providing more Better For You options along with that, including produce. We think, longer term, this is the unlock for produce. So we think it pencils very well and is delivering exactly what we thought it would in terms of as we convert items in stores is delivering that sizable cost takeout that we targeted. But longer term, we see it as a big sales driver, too. 
John Garratt: Well, I'll start by saying that we feel great where we're at right now, coming off a year with a 3.9% full year sales comp. As we've said before, this model works very well with sales comps in the range of 2% to 4%. We were at the high end of that. Now obviously, as we come into the year, that's a tough lap, but I can tell you, as I said before, we feel as good as ever about the strength of the business model, the fundamentals and the initiatives. But we also mentioned, there are some near-term uncertainties with what the coronavirus, election cycle may mean to macro impacts, but we're focused on controlling what we can control and delivering profitable sales growth and feel like we have great initiatives in place. And with the guidance provided, we're comfortable with it, and it implies a quite healthy 2-year stack. 
John Garratt: Sure. I'll start with your question on SG&A. And I think that's a fair comment that as we shift into scaling these, the cost shifts from start-up costs to ongoing operating costs. And I think the perfect example of that is DG Fresh. As we scale that, we have to continue to invest a little bit of labor in the stores to save a lot of product cost. So it's a virtual -- it's a virtuous cycle as this grows, and it's accretive. We expect it to be accretive this year and net benefit grows as we get more and more efficient. You still do have some start-up costs and some inefficiencies as you start-up new DCs, as you remodel stores for NCI, as we work on digital. But increasingly, it shifts more toward ongoing expenses, which I would really classify more as geography between gross margin savings and SG&A with gross margin exceeding -- gross margin savings continuing to pull away from the SG&A, providing more and more of a benefit as we move forward. So I think that's the right way to think about that. And it's a healthy trade-off.  In terms of distribution and transportation costs, there, too, is a little bit of geography. If you look at our distribution costs, we called that out as a drag this quarter, not a significant one. But really, the reason for that is as we incur additional costs, as we take over the cost of distributing fresh and frozen refrigerated goods. But again, the product cost savings that comes out of that far exceeds the labor and the distribution costs. So if you strip out the impact of taking that additional cost on, as a percent of sales year-over-year, our distribution and transportation costs were lower. And what I would point to on that is several things. The team has done a great job of expanding, diversifying our carrier base and as the market improved, has been able to take advantage of that with better rates. We've also expanded our private fleet, and we'll continue to do so this year, primarily around the new Fresh DCs. We just opened 2 new DCs, which helps the -- reduce the stem miles as well as other efforts to reduce stem miles, load optimization and warehouse efficiencies. So when you strip out that extra cost that we're picking up, that net-net is favorable, the team is doing a great job to drive efficiencies on distribution and transportation. 
John Garratt: Karen, that is the right way to think about that. As we scale these, we see the benefit of DG Fresh, NCI continue to grow. But again, that is partly as you have the investment cost associated with that. But it continues to be more and more accretive as you move forward and you reach scale. 
John Garratt: Yes. Just to clarify, what we've said is actually 150 to 200. Now that is net of cannibalization, which has been very consistent as expected. And so as you think about that 150 to 200 basis point range, we have been running at the high end of that as we've seen, not only great results from the stepped-up new units, but just see -- continue to see great results from the remodels, particularly where we have the extra cooler count presence. So towards the high end of the 150 to 200 is the way to think about that. 
