Richard Dreiling: Yes. Let's talk about cigarettes and what we think is going to happen. We have it in a pretty large test right now. We anticipate the sales comp lift will be greater than what we've seen with beer and wine. We're going to take about 2 quarters to roll it out. You have to remember, we have over 10,000 stores. It's going to take time to get the licenses being done, and we want to do it the right way. In regards to the margin, it is a low-margin category, and we believe that we have initiatives underway that will help offset that. But we'll see margin pressure through the course of the year because of the cigarette rollout. David, I don't have anything... 
Richard Dreiling: Let me -- I'll discuss the environment and, David, I'll let you take them through the margin. When we went into quarter 3, as I look at the first 2 periods of the quarter, the value messaging, the intensity of the value messaging was increasing. People running more ads, bigger ads, where the actual physical vehicle was larger, trying to attract attention. We saw promotional activity in terms of more coupons, limit 1, limit 2, though with great retails in them. What happened in the last period, we saw outright price increases start showing up in the ad -- decreases, excuse me, show up in the ad. So in other words, the competitive environment in regards to pricing got hotter in October. And as David brought out and I'm going to leave it up to him now, we've made the decision in the fourth quarter, we want to protect our unit growth and we intend to respond to that. 
Richard Dreiling: Matt, if I could throw one thing on the table too, we're anticipating a sales mix shift in the fourth quarter also. And we talk a lot about the competitive environment, but I also think there's a change taking place in the customer environment right now. I think the customer's fatigued, they're tired, they're scared. Every time you turn on the television, there's a bunch of guys in a suit who are frowning, telling you that the world's going to go over the fiscal cliff. And as that happens, I think the competitive environment heats up in response as we all try to hold on to the sales that are out there. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Well, first of all, let me talk a little bit. When I communicated that we were buying down on our inventory, I apologize if I led you to believe that was across the board. We had made a conscious decision to control the buy of seasonal merchandise because we were -- we've been talking for about a year that we think Christmas could be a little tight. And we wanted to maximize our sell-through. It's what we're trying to do is raise our sell-through and lower our markdowns. So I apologize if I misled you that we were buying down on everything. As we move into the fourth quarter, as I look at the inventory, we have a lot of new planograms coming, so we're going to -- that inventory will start arriving in the fourth quarter for next year, also we're buying around the Chinese New Year's. We learned a couple years ago, we want to be very careful with that and not put ourselves in a position we're short to the consumer. Along with those changes in planograms, we also have this change in Phase 5, which is going to add a little bit of inventory. Now in regards, David, to 2013, I don't know that we've necessarily put our arms around the cigarette impact yet. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would look at you and say it's probably a little bit of both. I think people are spending closer to need. But I also think, Colin, it's the easiest to garner sales on the consumables side. Promotional activity tends to go there first. And as a retailer, I mean, I'm not telling you anything you don't know, there's 4 or 5 items, you could pull the trigger on and drive a lot of traffic very quickly. And I think that's what we saw as we moved through October, more and more focus on a handful of key consumable items across the marketplace. 
Richard Dreiling: That's -- I mean, that is the million-dollar question. What I have to fall back on and -- what I had to fall back on is we've got 23 -- we're on our 23rd year of same-store sales growth. In tough times, our customers have needed us more. And in good times, they historically have a little bit more to spend. And I think if it does get bad, the customer's going to truly need us, and I think we'll continue to just broaden our base. 
Richard Dreiling: Joe, that's a really fair question. And the first thing I'll say is in regards to the sales, they're responding. They're performing about what we thought, maybe a little bit better. I will tell you, the turning moment for me, I spend a lot of time in the stores, was 5 weeks ago, as I'm visiting stores, and between our customers and our store managers that are asking us, "When are we going to put cigarettes in?" And I view this as a response to the needs of our customer and our store managers are communicating they need it, and we made the decision to go forward with it. It is a dying category. It's a category that is going to feel really good for about a year. We've done a really good job of controlling the supply chain. We've done a really good job of managing the flow of the cigarettes into the store and getting them out the door. So we're doing it based on the wants and needs of our store -- what our store managers are telling us our customers want. 
Richard Dreiling: Joe, I can't tell you that. I don't know. I will tell you that we did see an increase in the ad activity through the month of October. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think if you want to get some comfort, I would go back and look at the tail end of 2010 when we made the decision as an organization to sacrifice some margin and invest it back into our pricing. And you have to remember, when I talk about investing in our pricing, I'm not saying that we're going to take weekly items down. We're talking about investing in EDLP, taking -- we've seen sensitive items like perhaps coffee or cereal and investing in that category. We're not talking about running coffee here at $1 a can. We're talking about making strategic investments in categories and items on an EDLP basis that are important to our customer. Now we are talking about it running an occasional more ad or so. But again, I want to reinforce our commitment is the EDLP, and if you want to look, if you look at our sales trend, this is very similar to what happened to us a couple of years ago. And you can look and see what immediately happened when we made this commitment in 2011, where the customer responded greatly to it. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would think, in regards to where we are in apparel as I look across the inventory, we might actually be just a little bit better. The promotional cycles that we're running through, I can't tell you, Meredith, but the customer is responding to the promotional cycles. Again, we have to get them to respond when it's not being as heavily promoted. As we look into spring and summer of next year, I think we've pretty much taken the approach we took last year, pretty consistent. We have bought the inventory down, but we bought the amount of inventory we think we can sell. 
Richard Dreiling: I will tell you that we, historically -- well, we've seen pay cycles changes. As I look at the weeks, and I work at -- look at the periods within a quarter, they flow pretty evenly. And what we're seeing now is vacillation like I've never seen before. The first will be incredibly strong and then the sales will weaken, and then we'll pick up on the 15th and then they'll weaken and it's just a much stronger cycle. And I think, Scot, it's being driven by -- there's so much uncertainty, the customer's trying to hang on as long as they can. And we've actually coined a phrase here, there's more days than there is dollars, it appears like all of a sudden for the customer. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think it's more or less across the board. And certainly, when you look at the weekly inserts, they're more promotional than we've seen in the first quarter and halfway through the second. 
Richard Dreiling: No, I think it's more driven by the fact that we want to protect our unit growth. We're very, very satisfied with unit growth. And what I have told you though is we're looking across all kinds of categories. And if we see unit growth slow somewhere, particularly in a sensitive category, we're going to reinvest back into that category. And our pricing position is consistent as it has always been. We are approximately 40% below drug, 20% below grocery and pretty much have parity with the big-box operators. I view this, John, as Dollar General is doing much what we did 2 years ago and we want to protect what we have. 
Richard Dreiling: In regards to the markdowns too, John, not all markdowns are just on the non-consumables side or the apparel side. I mean, we've been doing some investing along the way on consumable items as well. I do think that we are getting better and better on the non-consumables side. While we still have opportunities in hanging apparel, we are making a lot of progress in home and decor, stationery, a lot of those categories we're doing much better in. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, I'll tell you that what we've seen is the basket increases, goes from about $10 to almost $14. By the way, that's a little bit less than the price of the cigarettes. That tells you they leave an item behind to get the cigarettes. We have seen increases in traffic and we're seen a -- add a nice bump in the comp that goes with it. 
Richard Dreiling: Okay, that's another good question. It's a little soon for me to know that yet. But I can tell you, we've seen increased traffic. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think it's in, Ed, it's in decline. Units are declining every year. The only reason you're seeing an increase is because of price increases for the customer. So my -- yes, and my theory is you're going to get a nice bump for a year, then that bump's going to moderate over time. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the competitive activity continued in November. We are right where we feel we should be as we're moving through the quarter right now. And again, my concern, Ed, (sic) [John] is the really high comp number we have in January. 
Richard Dreiling: Well, yes, as I said, I'm running right where I thought I would be at this stage of the game and I anticipate the pressure will come in January. We're very comfortable with our guidance of 3% to 4%. 
Richard Dreiling: And our new stores are still opening up at the rate they have opened over the last couple of years. 
Richard Dreiling: That's a good question. I really don't have that kind of information in my head. But I would look at you and say I would imagine it's very similar to what it has been in the past, with a nice mix of rural locations as well as some metro locations coming up. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the qualifying -- the Phase 5 lift to comp, it's a little soon yet. But I will tell you, we are as bullish on it as we were Phase 1, 2, 3 and 4, particularly Phase 1 and 2. And we're bullish on it, Matt, because you're adding SKUs, and more importantly, you're getting the best planogram into our legacy stores, which should be worth some legs too. And I can't remember what the first part of his question was. I just [indiscernible] 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. What we've called out was the increase in the basket that we see. And I believe that basket, as I recall, goes from $11 to $17. So again, it's kind of hard to go past that, but we see a nice, nice basket lift. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think that's another good question. I think that as we move through the quarter, the -- we saw more pressure on the consumables toward the end of the quarter as the ad intensity increased and again, I want to reinforce, that's the easiest place to go to drive traffic when you're a consumable retailer. It's also fair to say, as we move through the quarter we saw the non-consumable side, the performance start to lift. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think that we have made progress in certain pieces of apparel. We're very happy with accessories, we're happy with the underwear program, we're seeing improvement in infants and toddlers and some improvement in men. I have to tell you, we have struggled in hanging apparel for women. And as we move through calendar 2013, those will be the kind of decisions we're going to be looking at. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think when you look at, I'll use home, bed and bath, we are much more relevant today than we were 2 years ago, even a year ago, Deb, to be honest about it. And I think that has to do with the fact that we're doing a much better job of sourcing that product now. We've broadened where we're looking, broadened where we're going, we're not just China-concentric anymore. And I think that's playing out in the quality of the product and I have to give the merchants credit. They've done some exciting things with the quality of the set. I think the difference with hanging apparel, quite honestly, you have to hit. You got to be right on color, you got to be right on pattern. I think we're doing a lot of good things in regards to using separates rather than outfits, allowing the consumer to mix and match the different pieces. But while we've made progress, we haven't hit on all cylinders on it yet. 
David Tehle: Yes, the only other thing to say is clearly because of the sales increase we'll get from cigarettes, we should -- it should obviously help us on the SG&A front in terms of SG&A leverage as we look at the year 2. So clearly, impact on margin, negative, but a positive impact on our SG&A and our ability to lever our expenses. 
David Tehle: We've said we're going to be flattish in terms of the overall results. We are going to be investing in price strategically, so we will have some selective price decreases. We're relying heavily on zone pricing. We've had zone pricing for a couple of years and we've been fine tuning it. And I think it's becoming more and more of a tool for us to help develop what we want in the model here. And then we will have some increased ad activity overall too. I want to keep in mind here, our overall goal in terms of why we're doing this is for the long-term benefit of Dollar General. We want to drive units and customer loyalty. And again, we believe that driving units and staying true to our EDLP strategy, our EDLP pricing, is very, very important. We've said this many times. We talked about this at our analyst meeting this past summer that those 2 things are going to trump just about everything else in our model. And we're going to stay true to that because we truly believe that will ultimately drive the most shareholder value for Dollar General and quite honestly, the most customer loyalty. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think we want to wait a little bit on that. Obviously, we're going to give full guidance as we get out into March of next year when we release our fourth quarter earnings. I will say that our priorities remain the same. As we've said before, our #1 priority for capital is investing in the business because we believe that's the best return for our shareholders, opening new stores, remodeling stores, doing relocations and then building the infrastructure that's necessary to support that. And then our #2 priority remains share repurchase, as you mentioned. So we'll have a little more clarity on that when we give full guidance in March. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think we're still figuring that out and trying to figure out what the investment in inventory is going to be. And of course, part of that will depend upon how quick we get this initiative executed. So I'd rather hold off on that. I do want to point out though that in the quarter, our total inventory turns were at 5.2x than -- versus last year's turns of 5.1x. So again, we continue to be fairly pleased with what we're doing on inventory. And again, we were up 5.5% on a per-store basis on a 4 comp. But again, that wasn't that much out of line and we continue to watch the inventory turns very, very closely. That's probably the #1 thing we look at. And most of that increase we saw in the quarter was in consumables and, again, items that are -- that continue to move pretty well. 
David Tehle: Yes, I know, that's right. And obviously, that's something we have to play into our models. Let me tell you some of the things we're doing on shrink that we think will gain traction as we get in to the back half of the year. And I touched very briefly on this, but we're investing more in defensive merchandising, fixtures, spiral pegs, flip-up windows, the anti-theft labels that are on the product that seem to be very, very effective. We're going to the next phase of our exception-based reporting. We're doing more point-of-sale work with that and system tracking to make sure that everybody is using this as they should be. And a preliminary look-see at that in the small test we've run is that's going to be very effective. And then we continue to develop our optimized shrink model on a store-specific basis to data-driven analysis, looking at what individual shrink should be for each of our over 10,000 stores versus where they are today and then taking appropriate action. So I think we've got a lot of things going on and we see traction taking place. And certainly, we hope some of this will offset some of the incremental shrink that we might see out of cigarettes. And you're right, we're well aware that, that's a high-shrink category, and that's all been played into our estimates and our modeling as we've looked at taking on this product. 
David Tehle: Well, I'll take the shrink piece of it. We're doing it right now. I mean, all those items that I mentioned, the exception-based reporting, the defensive merchandising fixtures, the optimized shrink model, those are things that are being worked on as we speak right now. And we just think it will take a little time for us to get traction on those items. So that's why we're saying we think the bigger impact on that will take place at the back half of the year. 
David Tehle: Again, we're not giving specific guidance at this point on next year. All I will say is that the tobacco is the overriding factor on what we mentioned on gross margin. 
David Tehle: Yes. On the cannibalization, when it occurs, it's usually somewhere around 8%, and we have that played into our models as we open stores and we do all our returns on it, and we haven't seen much change in that overall. 
