Mary Winn Gordon: Thank you, Brandy, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Rick Dreiling, our Chairman and CEO; and David Tehle, our CFO. We will first go through our prepared remarks and then we will open up the call for questions. Our earnings release can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com, under Investor Information, Press Releases. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, objectives, anticipated financial and operating results and other nonhistorical matters. Some examples of forward-looking statements discussed in this call include our 2013 forecasted financial results and anticipated capital expenditures, our planned operating and merchandising initiatives for fiscal 2013, our share repurchase expectations and statements regarding future consumer economic trends. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements are included in our earnings release issued this morning; our 2012 10-K, which was filed on March 25; our fourth -- first quarter 10-Q, which was filed on May 3; and our second quarter 10-Q, which was filed this morning; and in the comments that are made on this call. We encourage you to read these. You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call. We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, which I mentioned is posted on dollargeneral.com. This information is not a substitute for any GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Rick. 
Mary Winn Gordon: Mark, that was our -- that was always our goal. We had completed 2,800 after Q1, and then we ramped that up in Q2. 
Mary Winn Gordon: All right. Operator, that wraps up our call from our end. Everyone on the call, thank you very much for your time and attention. I'm around all day if anyone needs anything, and I look forward to seeing you later. And thank you for your interest in Dollar General. 
Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. I'm pleased to report that our comp store sales accelerated to 5.1% in the quarter. This was on top of a 5.1% comp in the second quarter last year and a 5.9% comp the year before. I really want to emphasize that the acceleration of our traffic in the second quarter above our already strong traffic trends. Both traffic and average tickets have increased for 22 consecutive quarters. Total sales grew 11.3% to $4.4 billion. While consumables showed the strongest gains, I was pleased with the overall sales growth across our non-consumable categories. Operating profit, excluding certain items, increased by 9% to $421 million, or 9.6% of sales, which was down just 24 basis points from last year as we managed the impact of lower-margin sales growth through strong SG&A leverage. Our gross profit rate of 31.3% of sales was 65 basis points less than last year's second quarter, with the majority of the rate compression resulting from our very successful launch of tobacco products across the chain. Tobacco sales contributed nicely to our sales growth and SG&A leverage. GAAP earnings per share increased 17% to $0.75. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased to $0.77, giving a strong double-digit growth. We continue to return cash to our shareholders through $200 million of share repurchases in the second quarter. We had a strong second quarter and remain on track to meet the full year expectations we shared with you last quarter. We continue to increase our overall market share of consumables in units and dollars over the 4-week, 12-week, 24-week and 52-week periods. Our recent share gains according to Nielsen data actually accelerated during the second quarter. We see this as a clear sign that we are serving our customers' needs and playing an increasingly important role in their shopping routine. I'll talk more about our operating initiatives in a moment, but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. The -- quarter 2, the sales accelerated as we moved through the quarter. The really encouraging thing was not only did sales accelerate, but unit growth and market share growth accelerated as we moved through the quarter also, which is kind of how we called it and how we anticipated as we move through the balance of the year. In regard to August, I don't want to really get into where we are in the third quarter other than to really say that we feel pretty comfortable with where we are and where we're heading. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Actually, I think, as I look at the fact that we raised the number of new stores, it's driven primarily by the robustness of the store pipeline right now. As you guys remember, last year, we got a little bit behind on it, and we had to work our way through it. So we feel pretty good where we're going this year. And I should also throw out, too, as I sit here and think about the question, we're getting the stores open earlier this year, which I think is helping. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. When I look at Nielsen share data, it's coming from drug, first; grocery, second; and mass, third. And I think the other, Brian, wonderful thing about our format is we compete in that great, big world of consumable retailing, which is well over $800 billion. So we're able to go in and take a little bit from a lot of different spots, and we're kind of one of those guys you don't really feel. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think it's actually a combination of both. And I -- we don't have a card, so it's really kind of hard to go in and measure, Stephen, what's going on. But our belief is that the customer that's coming in, that's primarily buying just tobacco, is probably the newer customer. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, it's a really good question, Ed. I -- we still have over 10,000 opportunities out there in the marketplace today, in the United States today, for Dollar stores. And we have a very proven format that generates the best returns in retail that I have ever seen in my career. And it's much easier to manage that than it is to try and manage an acquisition. And my love of organic growth is the fact that when you go into a new market, you understand the market but more importantly, you understand the player set that's going to launch that for you. So I've always been a lover of organic growth. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Our 2014 pipeline is actually ahead of schedule, exactly like '13. And this is the second year in a row where we'll be able to be in a much stronger position as we enter into the new year. David and I like that 6% to 7% square footage growth. It's more, Deb, about organizational capacity than it is anything else. And this company got itself in trouble 7 years ago about opening too many stores too fast, and I -- we would rather open a handful of stores that perform well and drive a great return than get ourselves out there and overextend ourselves. 
Richard Dreiling: No. Actually, everything is exactly what it has been. We're just doing a better job of getting ahead of the pipeline curve. And quite honestly, it's like everything else we do at Dollar General. I'm surrounded by a team that continually improves on the processes that have been established over the years. 
Richard Dreiling: Actually, no, there's not, Deb. What's interesting to me, what has surprised me, it's relatively -- it's even across most of the categories. It was interesting, I was talking to Mary Winn yesterday, and it was one of those quarters in which the boat was rising on all of the sides. Everything is -- reminds me very much again of 2008 and 2009, where everything is starting to rise evenly. 
Richard Dreiling: Chuck, I'd say one thing on the tobacco that we are really focused on here in the company. It is not about the comp sales it's driving, it's about the transactions it's driving. And what we are totally focused on is how we could take that tobacco purchase and lever it up with incremental items when that transaction takes place in the store. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think the rate of decline and shrink is what has improved, Chuck. I will tell you, in regards to shrink, we've installed a lot of defensive merchandising over the course of the last 6, 7, 8 months and had the chance now to go in and reinventory those stores. And while it's still soon, we're very pleased with what we're seeing with the defensive merchandising that's been put in place. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think -- again, you're raising a great question. We're very comfortable right now at this stage of the game with 6% to 7%. But again, I want to come back to how I answered the question previously. We want to open stores that are productive out of the chute in generating a return. And we would rather open stores that are complete, that the customer has an experience when they come in, rather than just come in and look at you all and say, "Hey, open a bunch of stores." 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I look back on quarter 2 much like quarter 1 and look at -- and would tell you that the share of voice is obviously up. There's no doubt there's more print advertising out there, more pages of print even within the usual weekly vehicles. However, it's fair to say that the price competition is not any more intense in quarter 2 than quarter 3. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, I, quite frankly, was pleased with what happened on the discretionary side of the ledger in the second quarter. And quite honestly, very proud of the team on the apparel side. I think it's definitely too early to declare a victory. I think that, in all honesty, we still need a little bit of help on -- with the economy. And I think it's fair to also say that our consumer is still a little hesitant out there. But I think as we move through the third quarter, we anticipate the trends will not change significantly. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the -- if I were to look at you and tell you right now -- over the course of the last year, we've made more progress on the DG Plus side. I think that, particularly as a remodel or relocation vehicle -- and remodel meaning we can knock into a wall next to us, John -- what we're really excited about on the Dollar General Plus is the change in the basket size. And it comes back to the wider aisles, the shopability of the stores. And when you start with a relo or a remodel, you start with a significantly higher base, which gets you moving in the right direction faster. The Dollar General Market, the team is doing, I think, a great job of really understanding produce sales and meat sales, which I think -- by the way, those are living things that we have not had to deal with before. And I've got Todd and Greg Sparks here, who are helping to manage the team through that. So I -- again, I think it's a little soon to declare victory there. I do think we are moving in the right direction on the Plus side. Your comment on perhaps making -- taking the Top 20 produce items and eventually getting those into the regular Dollar Generals, that is something we're actually talking about. Now whether or not that'll ever happen or not, it's still too soon to tell. But oranges and apples and potatoes, things like that, grab-and-go stuff that a consumer forgets on the way home, could play out down the road. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean -- actually, you nailed it. The supply chain is the issue. And not only that, on that kind of an item, we have to introduce a middleman because we don't warehouse our own produce and you run the risk of having an item that's a little bit higher and depletes your --  your customer doesn't understand that it's coming from somewhere else, and it kind of depletes your price image. In regards to -- what you should also remember, if we were ever to do this, it wouldn't be like there would be a whole isle of produce or an end cap of -- It would be a very small, manageable display. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I'm actually -- the team, John, has done a good job with turnover over the last 2.5 years. And I have to tell you, our turnover is, in essence, flat the last year. And we're having our -- our best year was 2012, by the way. And to be flat against 2012, I think it's a pretty good mark. And I do agree that turnover is a big component of shrink. And I think that we're working really hard on the turnover, and I think the shrink numbers are starting to move our way again. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Actually, I think that's a pretty accurate assessment, to be honest about it. I think it really tells you the power of category management. The team came in here several years ago, rationalized the SKU base, got the SKU base right. As we continue to broaden our appeal, it means we need to add selective, other SKUs. And I think quite frankly, we got a little overzealous in quarter 1. And what we're doing now is we're spending a lot of time -- the product, by the way, while I say we got a little overzealous, there's nothing wrong with the product that's in the store base. And the decision we've made is we're going to go in and reevaluate it and, over a period of time, take some of those SKUs, Dan, that you were talking about, that aren't quite as productive, and just work some way back out of the system. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I don't recall giving you that. If I did, I did. I would look at you and tell you that the tobacco, the tag-along purchases with tobacco are a little bit better than we thought they were going to be. How's that? I don't know if that helps or not, Dan. 
Richard Dreiling: I'm sorry, Dan. Actually, Dan, our private brand penetration is actually back up, moving north again. So that would tell you that we're doing a better job in managing the mix. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. It's really too soon, Dan, on the shrink. Right? I have -- we'll have to cycle a whole year tobacco. Right now, I will tell you the supply chain system that keeps track of the tobacco, how it flows from the supplier to a point where it gets stocked on the shelf, is working quite nicely. We've had a couple of issues and have been able to identify them immediately. In regards to cigarettes, the average -- our average basket is approximately $10.77. And when cigarettes are in there, that basket goes up to almost $13.75. 
Richard Dreiling: That's actually, John, a very, very good question. I would look at you, there's no way I can tell that. But what I can tell you is that our customer index is at about 135% on cigarettes. So, John, they're buying those cigarettes somewhere else. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Our -- the real estate strategy in regards to locations, everything -- I would call it status quo over the last couple of years. There's been no major uptick in commercial real estate at all that we have seen, and we're still committed to the site selection process that we've always had. We don't put it on the corner of Maine and Maine, and we're very happy with a C Plus, D Plus site. 
Richard Dreiling: To be honest with you, no. I mean, they tend -- the urban stores tend to have a higher sales volume and a little bit higher cost of operation. And at the end of the day, they net-net out to about the same. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I've got to tell you that it's pretty much neutral. I don't see any particularly bigger things in the metro stores, the urban stores, versus the rural. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I apologize, Trish. Number one, the comp lift is actually a little bit greater than we thought it was. And you've got to remember, we're very new into the cycle here. So as the customer realizes you have the expanded selection in core categories, we anticipate the comp lift will continue to move up as we move through the year. In regards to the additional opportunities, it's more stepping back and going, "Oh my gosh, these categories did so well. Now, we need to go in and look at these other categories within the same legacy stores." So we're going to begin to tweak them again as we move through the year. And we think what we're doing actually has ramifications that maybe -- perhaps we can run at a smaller box store, which will put us, you think, in the urban environment, put us in a little bit better position. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. That is actually another good question. We are seeing food deflation at this time. You have to remember that we have a smaller depth in our category, and -- while we have breadth. And we anticipate the deflationary pressure to continue as we move through the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. My view on the consumer is no different than what it was, Joe, at the beginning of the year. I think our core customer has never come out of the recession. I think our core customers has continued to manage their way through, for years, multiple points where money is a little tight. I mean, the average consumer out there who makes $50,000 a year has $1,000 a year and less in spendable income now due to changes that have taken place in the payroll tax. Albeit I say all that, I think the beauty of our model is we continue to focus on transactions in units, and our customer is responding to the options -- the value proposition that we have. And as long as transactions and units are moving north, we believe we're satisfying their needs. It is going to be an interesting back half, and I think that we're being -- we're keeping our eye on the consumer and what they're buying. 
Richard Dreiling: We got our guidance between 4% to 5% as we look through the total year, which would indicate that comps will accelerate as we move through the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think -- when you look at that, Mark, I think that would probably be focused on meat and produce and more dairy-type items. And my view of how soon it flows in depends on how much pressure are retailers under in regards to their margin, right? So we certainly haven't seen anything of that magnitude here yet, but I would think that's probably more on the true perishable side of the business. 
Richard Dreiling: Really next year. And actually, what we want to do now is go back into the 3,000 stores which we called out and refine additional categories within that 3,000 -- those wins we've done. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think, Dutch, that cigarette purchase tends to gravitate towards the consumable side of the ledger, particularly when you only have 1 or 2 items going out the door with the cigarettes. That tends to be a soda or a Gatorade or a chip. I think the health of the -- I think it is fair to say -- one could make the leap, and I can't prove this, that the incremental traffic might be helping the nonconsumable side. I don't think there's any kind of a connection between cigarettes and non-consumables. 
Richard Dreiling: That's correct. I think the improvement in the discretionary side is driven by good old-fashioned category management. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. We -- well, we actually installed coolers in over 7,000 stores. So we still have more cooler upside there. I will say this, Denise. The perishable side of the business, the frozen food, refrigerated is insatiable. It seems like the more we put in, the better we do. The basket -- I'm sitting here trying to think on the basket. There's no doubt the basket goes up. I cannot remember, Mary Winn, off the top of my head how much it goes up. And what I'll do, Denise, I'll have Mary Winn call you and give you that number. But we do see a bump in the basket when frozen food's in there. It's more of a complete shop in the $10.70 shop. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. See, my belief is you have to remember, we're the fill-in shop. We're the place you go when you forgot your T-shirts or you forgot your socks. We're not the fashion-forward carry place. We're the place you go to when you forgot a couple of Christmas decorations or you didn't get all the Christmas lights you need. My belief would be the impact we probably felt, probably where you go for the initial sale, to begin with. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think there is -- it's fair to say that we have elevated the quality of the site that we've chosen, which would tell you that we tend -- we're getting a little closer to that middle income strata that you're talking about, Meredith. And I would tell you that the peel of the box in those particular areas where we've chosen to do that, is as strong as when we go into the lower income areas. 
David Tehle: Yes, absolutely. It really hasn't changed from what we've articulated previously. Our #1 priority for cash is investing in the business, as evidenced by adding to the store count for this year. We're going to open new stores, we're going to do remodels, we're going to do relocations, and then we're going to make sure we have the infrastructure in the business to support the stores because that's our #1 priority, and we think that's the best return for our shareholders. And then with the cash that's left over, we'll buy back stock with that, as evidenced by the stock buyback you saw in the quarter, the $200 million buyback which we did at $51.28. So obviously, we got in there opportunistically, and we were able to get a nice slug of stock bought back. So those are really our priorities for cash. 
David Tehle: Yes. Right now -- and again, we've mentioned this before -- we believe it's best for us to be investment-grade, which implies a debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.0. And if you look at our statistics over the past several quarters, that's where we've been, and that's where we ended up in Q2. So that's the general leverage point that we're aiming for. 
David Tehle: Well, certainly, if we need to take on additional debt to stay at 3.0, we would definitely consider doing that. Yes. 
David Tehle: Yes. Well, I think we demonstrated that in the last refinancing that we did in terms of the interest rates that we were able to get on the debt. And you heard in my opening comments how much lower interest is this year than what it was last year. I mean, it's really adding to our overall bottom line. So it gives us access to the credit markets in a way that I think is very flexible and healthy for the company. It also helps us with our vendors and on the real estate front being investment grade in terms of the types of deals that we're able to do. So we take a hard look at this several times a year and discuss it. Rick and I discuss it with the board. And clearly, we feel like right now, that's the best place for us to be. 
David Tehle: Yes. In terms of our -- and we generally don't talk about our internal estimates. But actually, the quarter came in pretty much as we expected it in our internal guidance that we had given last quarter. So from our perspective, it wasn't really a beat. We performed how we thought we would perform. So there really isn't anything to increase for the rest of the year as we came out. Now we did tweak our -- some of our assumptions on interest and tax rate and share count and things of that nature. I'm looking forward -- given the uncertainty and the macroeconomic environment, we're trying to make sure we're prudent in the things we're doing above the line. So again, we're pleased with where we are, and we're pleased that, again, we're pretty much on where we said we would be when we updated our guidance last quarter. 
David Tehle: Yes. I don't think we're going to give granular quantification on those, Chuck. I mean, obviously, the tobacco had a meaningful impact on the quarter overall in terms of what this performance was on the comp sales and particularly in driving traffic into the stores. It's more than what we've seen in beer and wine overall, which is very positive for us. And then again, on the expense side, it was meaningful enough that we wanted to spell out the incentive comp overall. But again, not going to give specifics on that or the markdown. Except on the markdown, I will say, again for modeling purposes, the reason we bring that up is that is something that was a benefit to second quarter that's going to hit third quarter. And we want to make sure everybody's aware of that as they start putting their third quarter models together. 
David Tehle: I said go back to Rick's comment on the continuous improvement we've seen in the real estate area, which helps us, again, to reach that 6% to 7% the way real estate's performing. 
David Tehle: Yes. Quite simply, we wanted to keep our debt-to-EBITDA at 3.0, and that's exactly where we came in. Again, we're managing that ratio because of our investment-grade status. 
David Tehle: Yes, that's really new stores, remodels and relocations all together that -- that figure and that's still reasonably accurate overall. 
