Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are pleased with our strong start to 2022, and I want to thank our associates for their unwavering commitment to serving our customers, communities and each other.  Our Q1 performance was led by stronger-than-expected sales results in our consumable category, where we delivered comp sales growth of 4.6%. This increase was offset by a decline of 15.1% in our combined nonconsumable categories, which we believe reflects the challenging lap of the stimulus benefit in Q1 of 2021.  In addition, we continue to experience headwinds from ongoing global supply chain pressures and rising cost inflation. Despite these challenges, we remain focused on controlling what we can control, and the team's disciplined execution was the key to delivering solid financial results that exceeded our Q1 expectations for both sales and EPS while also advancing our key operating priorities and strategic initiatives.  I'm also pleased to report that we have continued to make improvements in our overall in-stock position, which we believe positions us well to drive strong top line performance through the remainder of the year.  In addition, while we continue to see ongoing product cost inflation, we feel good about our price position as our price indexes relative to competitors and other classes of trade remain in line with our targeted and historical ranges. And with more than 18,000 stores located within 5 miles of about 75% of the U.S. population, we believe we are well positioned to continue supporting our customers through our unique combination of value and convenience, especially in a more challenging economic environment.  Looking ahead, we remain focused on advancing our operating priorities and strategic initiatives as we continue to strengthen our competitive position while further differentiating Dollar General from the rest of the retail landscape.  Now let me recap some of the additional financial results for the first quarter. Despite lapping a difficult quarterly sales comparison from prior year, net sales increased 4.2% to $8.8 billion, and comp sales were essentially flat with a slight decrease of 0.1%. From a monthly cadence perspective, comp sales were positive in February before turning negative in mid-March as we began to lap the stimulus benefit from prior year. As we move past the most challenging portion of the sales lap from 2021, comp sales turned positive in April, and we are pleased with our strong start to Q2, which has exceeded our initial expectations.  As a result of our Q1 outperformance and strong start to Q2, as well as our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our sales outlook for fiscal 2022, which John will discuss in more detail shortly.  Our first quarter sales results included a decline in customer traffic, which was mostly offset by growth in average basket size driven largely by inflation. Importantly, we are pleased with our market share gains in highly consumable product category sales for the quarter. These results were highlighted by gains in our frozen and refrigerated product categories, where we have placed a good deal of emphasis over the past few years in an effort to provide customers with an even wider variety of options.  I'm also excited to note that we recently published our fourth annual Serving Other Report (sic) [ Serving Others Report ], which provides several important updates on our ongoing ESG efforts, as well as new and updated performance metrics and targets. We are proud of the team's efforts to serve our employees, customers, communities and the environment, and we look forward to continued progress on our journey as we move ahead.  Overall, we are proud of our Q1 results. Our mission and culture remain unchanged, and we believe our strategic actions which have transformed this company in recent years positions us well for continued success while supporting long-term shareholder value creation. We continue to operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail, and our unique value and convenience offering continues to resonate with both new and existing customers. I have never felt better about the underlying business model, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2022 and beyond.  With that, I will now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Karen. We're happy with what -- how we ended Q1. And as I indicated in my opening remarks, pretty upbeat on what we have seen in the first few weeks of Q2. And I would tell you, from a consumer perspective, the consumer is behaving intentional in their purchases, I have to say. But in saying that, she still is shopping both sides of the fence, both consumables and nonconsumables, and I think that really goes to the value that we have in both consumables and nonconsumables side of the business. We've done so much work around that discretionary side with NCI and all the other work that we've done that it's a compelling offering. Even when times are tough for the consumer, she always wants a little bit of an indulgence, and we offer that ability at a real low price. So yes, we feel good about the equation as we move forward, as John indicated. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. I'll take that. And I'll tell you that the consumer, overall, has been fairly resilient through this hyperinflation that we've seen, not only in the products that she has to buy, but the fuel she has to put in her car and other means. So I would tell you that the consumer is holding up well, and it really goes toward what I've talked about all along. And that is as long as she's gainfully employed, that makes the biggest difference in how she shops and gives her that confidence to spend. The great thing at Dollar General is that we offer that value that I just mentioned earlier, and we're already starting to see that our core customers start to shop more intentionally, and we're starting to see that next tier of customers start to shop with us a little bit more as well. Matter of fact, when you look at the COVID customer, I would call it, the one that we attracted and now have retained since COVID, it is still running at or slightly above where we thought we would be right now, and that's a little higher-end consumer. So that tells you that, that trade down and trade in is alive and well and is starting to probably pick up steam as we move through Q2 and into the back part of the year as things continue to tighten up.  Lastly I'll mention is the gas prices. What would normally also occur and we're starting to see is she starts to shop closer to home, not only our core consumer, but that next cohort up, so that trade in that you mentioned, because let's admit it, right, the gas price is at $4.40, $4.50 a gallon now, on average, is keeping her closer to home. So those shopping patterns are definitely changing, and we're seeing it happen right before our eyes. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Michael, I would tell you we look at all competitors when we look at our price, and there's some much bigger competitors out there than the one that you are referring to that we watch really closely. The great thing is, is that our prices are right in our historical ranges, and we feel great about price. We've got plenty of ammunition to do whatever we need to do. But I would tell you that we've never felt better about our price position as we continue to move through Q2 and into the back half of the year.  We've taken the opportunity, and I've mentioned this before, over the many, many months of -- through COVID to sharpen our prices even more, and I believe that what we're seeing right now against all classes of trade would tell you that Dollar General is in a great spot and has all of the levers that is disposable to continue to keep that positioning. We don't see anything on the horizon that gives us any concern there at all. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. I would tell you that our initiatives continue to push forward and also drive that top line. So if you think of DG Fresh, that continues to be our top driver. But one area that we have started to talk about recently and we'll continue to hear more and more about is our digital initiative, and I would tell you that, that digital initiative will continue to help propel that top line as well. It's driving not only our current customer but a different cohort of customer into Dollar General, and that is that cohort that is a little bit more digitally savvy. We have spent some nice capital over the many years building the platform for this. And really, in earnest, in the last 6 to 8 months, have really turned the dial up on moving that digital piece. So while others are worried about fixing fundamentals, we're really moving the needle forward on a lot of those big initiatives. So you think of DG Fresh, self-distribution of produce coming up in our supply chain as well. You think about digital. And then, of course, we're so excited still about NCI and pOpshelf. POpshelf is performing very well, even in a climate that one would consider the nonconsumable discretionary side of the business may be challenged. But pOpshelf continues to do well. That's what gives us a lot of confidence as we move forward into the upcoming months and years ahead. So we've got a tremendous amount of drivers, a lot more than value and convenience. But when they come into the store through all these other means that we're driving traffic into the store, they are definitely gravitating to value and convenience because everybody loves a deal. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you that some of it was built in. We knew that the consumer was going to get tighter in 2022, just because of the lack of stimulus compared to last year. But I would tell you that because of other pressures, more inflation coming through on her everyday needs, as well as that fuel that I talked about, has quickened the pace a little bit. So we believe that she'll flee even further to value as she moves into the back half of the year. Especially as she gets to that holiday time frame, I believe that you'll see that. So we're very prepared for that. The last thing I'll also mention that shows us that she is starting to move that way a little quicker is, one is she's coming more often in those basket, unit sizes are a little bit smaller. That's the true sign. And also the $1 price point that we are really pushing and getting behind has really accelerated as well, and we're seeing that. So that would tell you that she's trying to make ends meet, and we'll be there for her because that's what we do best. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. John, it's a good question, and thanks for that. I would tell you that we're in a much different spot, not only economically, meaning the consumer is in a little different spot here. And I think the biggest piece is that her employment is still very healthy across all cohorts of customers that we serve. So I think that's one of the big differences here than '08, '09. Now could that roll over? We're watching that, very well could, which would then just quicken the pace, that flight to value. But we haven't seen that yet but because of the other inflationary pieces we have seen. So there really isn't a lean-in in the playbook as much as it is knowing what that customer is going to do from historical times and then servicing I mentioned. And the reason we're leaning into that $1 price point is because we know how important that is during those times. Private brand, we've seen an acceleration in our private brand business as well in recent weeks. That's a true sign that she's starting to feel that pressure. So how do we respond? Well, you'll see more endcaps, more off-shelf displays of both $1 and private brand as we move through Q2 and then to the back half of the year. So we're really good and nimble, as you know, and to be able to move very quickly, so you'll see more and more of that.  I think the important thing here is we're so different as a company than we were in '08, '09. I would hate to be fixing fundamentals right now because the opportunity to gain share is going to be tremendous as we, I believe, move through this year. And we're so far beyond that with all of the initiatives that we've put in place over the last 6, 7 years. It's nice to see that we're going to be in a position to take an oversized amount of share, we believe, as we move through the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Rupesh, it's Todd. Real quickly, obviously, we've seen what others have seen on that. We're in a little different spot, though, and our product mix is much different than the broader retail spectrum. So I would tell you that we're seeing, on average, a lot less cost pressure than what you would find in retail in general. That's number one. The second piece is we have the ability here to trade off items and to trade down sizes, which we've been very active over the last 6, 8 months on when we saw inflation starting to move in a little different direction. So we've got the ability to do that. That's what we do best on our merch side, and so we've done a lot of that to also push off some of those costs to the consumer. But as it relates to when we do have to put costs out there -- I'm sorry, additional retail to cover some of that CPG cost, we've been able to do that because we do it the Dollar General way, right? And we make sure that we can layer it in where the consumer still knows and sees the value of what we offer.  And again, as I mentioned in my earlier comment, we haven't felt better about where we are. We're right in historical levels of our pricing index as compared to all classes of trade, so I believe we've got the ability to pass on where we need to, but more importantly, to help defray some of that pass-on to the consumer through our category management efforts, which, again, we're probably one of the best in the industry on. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. As I mentioned also a little earlier, the consumer is becoming more and more intentional in her purchases. We've seen that, and what that means is taking care of her family a little bit more on the consumable side of the business, where she needs to make sure she buys; and then on that discretionary side, obviously, tightening the belt a little bit. So yes, we saw that. We knew that was going to occur, just because of the stimulus lap. But as I also mentioned, we saw it probably accelerate a little faster than where we thought it would as well. But the great thing is the buying team has been all over this. So what we're already doing is as we see the -- with the third and fourth quarter and be able to still yet adjust, we're able to go in and adjust the products that we're selling on that discretionary side as well as making sure that the prices are right on that discretionary side, especially as we get to the important fourth quarter selling season. So we feel like we've seen where that consumer is probably going to land on a mix basis, discretionary versus non, but we also believe we've made the right trade-offs, and as John indicated, feel real good about our inventory levels there and not concerned at all at this point on any markdown risk that may be there. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you that we actually closed out Q1 with a positive traffic number, which was really good to see. And as I indicated in my opening comments, like what we see on our start to Q2, and I think you can actually take from that, that our traffic number is looking much better than it was. So we feel as we get further and further away from that stimulus lap that John referred to, we believe we've got the right products, initiatives, price points, especially in this environment to drive that traffic long term. 
Todd Vasos: Well, thank you for all the questions, and thanks for your interest in Dollar General. I'm proud of our team which continues to execute at a high level for our customers every day. I'm sure you can tell I'm more excited about this business than ever before. We are a mature retailer in growth mode, and our strategic focus has differentiated us in a discount retail landscape, particularly as we have transformed this company in the last few years. As a result, I believe we are very well positioned to capitalize on the enormous growth opportunities we see in front of us.  Thank you for listening, and I hope you have a great day. Thank you. 
John Garratt: Sure. I'll take that question, Karen. With respect to sales -- and with both of these, that's obviously factored in. With respect to sales, feel very good about the raised guidance that we've provided there. We have taken into account that the overperformance was really driven by consumables, so that's been factored into the margin as well. So we continue to feel great about both sides of the business but have reflected the fact that it is more driven by the consumables. And the team has done a fantastic job of proactively adjusting the orders accordingly to minimize markdown risk.  The other thing I'll note, just to give a little more color on the shape of the year with regard to sales, the way we see this is as we get past the -- now past the stimulus lap that has a significant impact on last year, both with sales, but also, it's the most difficult -- it's the most difficult, rather, mix lap of the year because they had a disproportionate effect on nonconsumables. Now that we're past that, we see a market improvement in our sales throughout the year, relatively even throughout the year and strongly positive. And then, obviously, you don't have as much -- while we expect a continued mix towards consumables, the lap isn't as significant now that you're past Q1. And again, that's all been reflected. 
John Garratt: Sure. No, great questions, Matt. I'll start with the first part of the question, just around how we're looking at gross margin. I'll start by saying we're very pleased with what we've been able to do to hang on to that gross margin goodness. While we were down about 1.5 points this quarter, we were lapping over 2 points of expansion last year. And if you go back to pre-pandemic levels, we're still 1 point above where we were. I think it really speaks to the impact of the initiatives. Now certainly, there are some near-term pressures that we called out. We talked about on the call the pressure from supply chain costs, which were an $85 million year-over-year headwind. Now that was down from Q4, which was $100 million. The other thing that we talked about was the LIFO provision of $61 million that we booked based on the anticipated inflation for the full year. And of course, we had the mix challenge. But again, as I mentioned before, much more pronounced in Q1 as we lap the significant impact of stimulus. So as we look forward, I mentioned we expect continued pressure on a year-over-year basis, not as much as we saw in Q1 as we get away from stimulus. We also expect continued pressure from supply chain, fuel costs, as well as product cost inflation. However, we expect it to improve as we move through the year. The lapse ease, particularly in the second half of the year, as we lap the very heavy inflation from last year. And we anticipate some moderation. We're seeing some moderation in the cost pressures due, in part, to the benefits of the initiatives and the cost reduction actions we've put in place. We mentioned the private fleet. We're going to double that in size this year as we convert tractors and trailers in-house that drives 20% savings. And we've done other actions to lock in more third-party capacity to manage our inventory very well, adjust to the changing demand of the customers. So we feel we're very well positioned.  And as we look ahead, we're not giving specific guidance on gross margin, but we expect EPS to improve sequentially as we go from quarter-to-quarter throughout the year for the reasons I mentioned and really see ourselves as you look at, again, the scaling impact of the initiatives you mentioned, we're in early innings there. They vary. But I would say in macro, we're probably, on average, third, fourth inning in most of these, on average, both in terms of the sales benefit as well as the gross margin benefit. So as these scale and as we work the other levers we've talked about, as we leverage our scale and as Todd mentioned, is we're in a very good place in price. We see ourselves in a very nice position to, over time, continue enhancing our gross margins. 
John Garratt: No. I wouldn't say we see cost pressures getting worse. We mentioned the cadence around the inflation. I would say the moderation is going to be more gradual than originally thought, but we still are seeing moderation. We still expect moderation, and that's why we see that sequential improvement in EPS and overall margins as we move through the year. In terms of SG&A, we don't see any increased cost pressure there in terms of wage inflation. We've talked about that. We expect that growth in wage inflation to be well less than prior year, a little more than pre-pandemic levels but still manageable, and it's tracking where we expected there.  We also mentioned making some targeted investments and specifically labor hours. It's really from a position of strength to continue driving the sales momentum to make sure we're good for the customer in terms of in-stock levels and customer experience but not a material step up there. So we feel very good about the guidance we've provided, maintaining the full year EPS guidance despite enhanced, as everyone has called out, inflationary pressures. I think the team has done a great job mitigating those and improving the in-stocks in the right categories to be ready to drive the top line and the bottom line. 
John Garratt: Yes. It continues to be elevated over pre-pandemic levels. The Thrifty Food Plan is still a benefit there. And while you have some states pulling out of the emergency waivers, it's been very gradual. And so it's still mixing quite a bit higher than norm, just not at the same peak level it was in the middle of last year, but doing very well there, continue to gain share with that customer and serve them very well. 
John Garratt: Yes. We're still thinking about the same way in terms of the priorities. Our first priority remains investing in the business. When you can get these kind of returns on new stores and the kind of returns we're getting on our strategic initiative that positions us so well, that's where we're going to continue to invest first. Then it's paying a competitive dividend, which we increased 31% year-over-year on a quarterly basis. And then the business generates a tremendous amount of cash, which allows us to buy back shares. And as you mentioned, we're going to target $2.75 billion this year, so really meaningfully investing in the business, meaningfully returning cash to shareholders in these forms.  And in terms of CapEx, with these kind of returns, we're going to invest what we need to. But again, I think with that amount, we're doing quite a bit with it. It is up a little bit as a percent of sales from historical norms. But the biggest piece of that is just steel inflation. And so if you strip that out, it's kind of back down to that historical level of a little over 3% of our sales. So feel really good about the allocation. It's working very well for us and I think working very well for the investors. 
