Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are pleased with our second quarter results driven by strong performance on both the top and bottom lines. The quarter was highlighted by same-store sales growth of 4%, including an increase in average basket size and another quarter of meaningful traffic growth. Our results this quarter were fueled by solid execution across many fronts, including category management, merchandise innovation, store operations and continued progress with our strategic initiatives. In addition, we remain focused on disciplined cost control which resulted in another quarter of solid earnings growth.  Notably, our second quarter comp performance represents an increase of 7.7% on a 2-year stack basis, which is the highest in 23 quarters and speaks to the underlying strength of the business. Given our first half performance and expectations for the remainder of the year, we are updating our guidance for fiscal 2019. John will provide those details during his remark. In short, we are executing well against both our operating and strategic priorities and believe we are well positioned to drive continued growth as we move forward.  Now let's recap some of the top line results for the second quarter. Net sales increased 4 point -- or 8.4%, excuse me, to $7.0 billion compared to net sales of $6.4 billion in the second quarter of 2018. We are particularly pleased with the continued strong performance of our new stores and sustained positive sales momentum in our mature store base. Once again, this quarter, our highly consumable market share trends in syndicated data continued to exhibit strength with mid- to high single-digit share growth in both units and dollars over the 4-, 12-, 24- and 52-week periods ending July 27, 2019.  Our same-store sales increase during the quarter was driven by strong performance in both consumables and nonconsumables sales. Our nonconsumable sales growth was driven by positive results in seasonal and in home. These quarterly results further validate the belief that our focus on our operating priorities is working and that we are pursuing the right strategies to create meaningful long-term shareholder value. We continue to believe we operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail and are advancing our goal of further differentiating the Dollar General business from the rest of discount retail landscape. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to take the opportunity to congratulate Jeff Owen on his recent promotion to Chief Operating Officer. As was announced this morning, Jeff is assuming the responsibility for store operations, merchandising and supply chain. As a large and growing retailer, we believe this alignment further strengthens the company and positions us well for continued future growth.  Jeff has served as our EVP of Store Operations since 2015. During his time in that role, Dollar General added more than 3,500 stores and increased sales by over 35%. Prior to serving as EVP, Jeff spent more than 20 years with this company in increasing roles of responsibility, beginning with us as a store manager and eventually rising to SVP of Store Operations. I'd also like to congratulate Steve Sunderland on his promotion to EVP of Store Operations, where he will oversee operations of our nearly 16,000 stores across the country. Steve joined Dollar General team in 2014 as SVP of Store Operations, where he has led approximately 8,000 stores and nearly 70,000 employees. Steve brings more than 30 years of retail operations experience to the role, and I know our teams value his leadership.  I'm very proud of both Jeff and Steve and grateful for all they have done for this company. I am confident they are the right leaders for these positions, and I look forward to working with them in their new roles as we continue to drive long-term growth at Dollar General.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, John. As I've shared with you over the past several quarters, we're investing in and building momentum behind certain strategic initiatives that we believe will drive strong sales and profit growth in the years ahead. I want to take the next few minutes to update you on the progress we are making. Starting with our Nonconsumable Initiative, or NCI. In 2018, we launched a new and expanded assortment in key nonconsumable categories, including home, domestics, housewares, party and occasion. I'm pleased to report that the NCI offering continues to resonate with customers as evidenced by strong sales performance across our enhanced product categories. Importantly, this performance is contributing to improvements in both sales and gross margin rate in these stores.  In addition to higher nonconsumable sales, we are also seeing a positive halo effect in consumable sales. Overall, remodels that include NCI delivered greater sales lift and improved gross margin rates compared to traditional remodels. These results reinforce our belief that NCI can be meaningful to our sales line and a margin driver as we move ahead. The NCI offering was available in more than 1,500 stores at the end of the second quarter, and we plan to expand the offering to a total of approximately 2,400 stores by the end of 2019. And while the NCI store count is still relatively small compared to our overall store base, we are realizing additional benefits by leveraging learnings from these stores. Specifically, we are incorporating select NCI products throughout the broader store base, resulting in positive sales and margin contributions across the entire chain. Turning now to DG Fresh, which we introduced earlier this year. As a reminder, DG Fresh is a strategic, multiphase shift to self-distribution of frozen and refrigerated goods such as dairy, deli and frozen products. This assortment currently represents approximately 8% of our total sales.  The primary objective of DG Fresh is to reduce product costs on our frozen and refrigerated items, thereby enhancing gross margin. And while still early, we are very pleased with the progress and gross margin improvements we are seeing.  Two other important goals of DG Fresh are to drive on-time delivery and higher in-stock levels. For example, we have historically seen about a 10-point gap in in-stock levels between our dry goods and our fresh products. We believe we can close the gap with DG Fresh, which is [Audio Gap] 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Michael, we have said for many, many years and we continue to believe that this model works great in good times and in not-so-good times or even bad times. I tell you the success that we're seeing is really -- and I'm really proud of the teams from our merchandising, to operations, the supply chain teams to delivering on both our shorter-term initiatives and our longer-term strategic initiatives.  I would tell you we continue to see a bright future and runway ahead of us on our top line, and we will continue to execute -- and which is one of our strengths to execute at a high level these initiatives. We believe we've got the right initiatives to drive sales into the future. 
Todd Vasos: And also, Michael, just remember, we've got 6 less selling days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year, and I also want to remind everybody the SNAP pull-forward last year from Q1 into Q4 was about 70 basis points. So that will be a headwind in the Q4 time frame this year. As John indicated, I -- we believe we have adequately put all that into what we believe is our pretty strong guidance for the back half of the year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. It's no secret, right? I mean those moves have been in effect for -- or underway for many months now and in other parts of Southeast Asia, Mexico, another place that we've seen some success, so we continue to diversify country of origin. The great thing is we've had boots on the ground in Mexico, Vietnam, Cambodia and many other Southeast Asian countries, including India as well for many, many years, and so we're just leveraging that capability to an even greater -- a greater time right now with these tariffs and the uncertainty around those. 
Todd Vasos: As you look at DG Fresh, we are squarely focused on delivering and executing at a very high level. And I would tell you that we're very, very encouraged in what we see. We're getting the cost of goods savings we expected with the 3,500 initial stores that we've rolled out, and we still feel that it's going to be accretive as early as 2020. Again, we're already starting to see some of this. It was asked earlier what inning are you, and I would tell you we just got up to the plate, and I think we just hit a good solid double or triple in the first quarter of this DG Fresh rollout. So I think we got a lot more opportunity ahead of us, and it should benefit us both on the sales and gross margin lines as we move forward. 
Todd Vasos: I think that's the way to look at it. With 3,500 stores against our 16,000-or-so store base right now, it's the law of numbers. And we'll be up to 5,000 by the end of this year, and we don't see that slowing, as we've indicated. And so we believe that as we move into '20, it will definitely be accretive. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you, as you know, Rupesh, we really talk to our consumers each and every quarter. And she is telling us about the same as we've -- that we've talked about before. She's still back to work, making a little bit more money, working more hours versus actual average hourly rate being up for her is really more productivity, more hours. And she is feeling a little bit more timid, just like we've seen in past -- in the past couple of quarters. But I would tell you that tariff has not really been -- she has not called that out, and she really hasn't called out a lot of headwinds yet from what she would think about as price increases or inflation. So she really hasn't been calling that out, at least up till now.  But we're really mindful that with List 4 getting ready to take effect across all retail that she still may see some of that. The great thing about this model is that we do good in good times and in bad times, right, or when she needs us more. And we stand ready, willing and able to deliver to her as she may need us a little bit more toward the back half and the early part of next year. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We're very pleased with the early results. As we indicated, we'll have up to 2,400 stores up and running by the end of this year. We believe we can do many, many more, if not the entire chain eventually, the way this is starting to play out. We're very happy with the gross margin opportunities that are existing out of this. The stores that we have converted over already are seeing strong gross margin lifts for the entire store and sales lifts for the entire store, which is exactly what we thought would happen. So as we continue to scale this, it will continue to have a bigger and bigger impact on our total store, both margin and top line.  The great thing is we're into our fifth replenishment cycle already and are seeing great results from even now into our fifth replenishment. And that's from the consumer takeaway to how our stores and our operators have been able to manage a new muscle, if you will, in working no planogram but yet working the treasure hunt environment, and they've done a fabulous job with it. So we're really pleased with what we see.  And in my prepared remarks, I think you also remember hearing we've taken some of those learnings, not only items, but in some cases, full categories, and we have now flushed it through the other part of the chain, so upwards of 16,000 stores. So you're seeing strength, which was the other part of your question, in seasonal and in home, in domestics. Those are some of the areas that we're seeing some of the biggest increases.  We saw great increases in party and occasion. And when you think about party, it crosses everything from plates, cups, napkins, to balloons, helium balloons doing very, very well for us. So it's really across the board. 
Todd Vasos: Again, we feel very good about the strategic initiatives in total, and we've always said we reserve the right at any time to continue to reinvest back into the company. But those of you that know us well, we don't do any of that without a solid return attached to any of those investments. And that's the strength of Dollar General is that and our execution level.  And I would tell you that we feel good about where we are today on the strategic initiatives we have out there. We have a plethora of them, as you know, but the great thing is we're executing at a high level across all of them. And many of them are aimed right at gross margin, and some of them are aimed right at the SG&A line to continue -- so that we can continue to grow our operating margins. And that's really what we're squarely focused on is operating margins. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. If you look at where we are, our pricing is as solid as good as it's ever been against all classes of trade. So we feel very good about that, and we watch that each and every quarter. That is the cornerstone, if you will, of our value proposition here at Dollar General. We're squarely focused on serving that customer. We are a fill-in shop. We are not a full stock-up, a full shop or a big stock-up shop. But in saying that, we want to make sure that the value and convenient nature of Dollar General is enhanced at all times. And many of these initiatives go right against those type of items to make sure that, in fact, that convenient level is there for her. And we talk to our core customers each and every quarter, as I mentioned earlier, and she does tell us that she wants more products from us. And that's really what we're delivering and especially in rural America where options are very limited.  So if we can deliver a fresh offering that's strong and a Better For You offering, which we're doing in many of these stores, there's a healthy option for her as well in these communities. And if it means that she doesn't have to make another trip to a big-box store somewhere in the month, then I think it benefits her greatly. And that's how we sort of look at how we're building this Dollar General for the future. 
Todd Vasos: Sure, Paul. Yes. So when you look at the higher-capacity coolers, again, as I stated earlier, we don't do anything here without a return against it and without testing and learning. That's the core strength of Dollar General. And these higher-capacity coolers are the exact same coolers that are in the DGTP stores, just not as quite as many doors. So it's the same coolers, the same exact ones. And so to answer your question specifically, we do lose a little hanging apparel when we go to remodel, relocate or put it in a new store with these higher-capacity coolers. But once again, as I've been stating for many quarters now, we continue to reduce our hanging apparel for better traffic-driving items across the chain. So this is just a continuation and an acceleration, quite frankly, of our ability to be able to do that.  It does give you both sides of the equation, to your point. It gives you higher capacity so that you're in-stock, especially on a lot of fast-moving goods, but it also gives you the opportunity for 25% more new items in these coolers versus the smaller, lower-capacity ones we had before. And that will increase sales. So both your in-stocks will increase sales, and the assortment will increase sales. Again, our core consumer is asking us for more products in our fresh, frozen and dairy and deli items, and that's exactly what we're going to deliver to her. So we're excited. This is -- this wasn't contemplated in our earlier rollout this year. But as we continue to see the success of our DGTP remodels, we thought it was the best use of our capital to go in and do those, and that's exactly what we're doing.  And then as it relates to private brands, we're very happy with all the work that the team has done around private brands in the last couple of quarters. They've been [ ready enough ] to be able to deliver to the customer an even enhanced value proposition there. Our Believe makeup line is doing phenomenal. It got so much buzz across social media, across CNN this past quarter and has driven a lot of additional traffic into our stores and again everything under $5. And so I would tell you that our private brands are growing at a very nice clip, and we only see that benefiting our core consumer even greater as time goes on. And we continue to relaunch things like Gentle Steps that I talked about in our baby line.  So more to come there. I believe that we're in the early innings of what Dollar General can do with private brands in totality. We're really, really happy with what we see. And quite frankly, a lot of integration in our signing, in our advertising also helps. So when the consumer gets to the store, she sees a consistent message, and she understands that message. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We're going to go slow here. We want to make sure that the consumer resonates with that. So remember, our average basket size is $12 or less, 5 items or less, on average. So it's a little bit different shop than what you would find in a big-box retailer. And so buy online, pick up in store will be no different. It will be a different shop. But what we believe we can do is offer her another leg of convenience so that she can come to the store, pick up what she needs, probably add an item or 2 to her online pickup and then be able to get out very, very quickly. And so we're going to test it. We're going to go slow here. We're going to test it in the back half of the year. And as I indicated last quarter, we believe that the customer will resonate with this, but we'll have to wait and see.  But again, I think it's important to note here that we're not going to sit back and wait for the customer to already be there. We're going to meet her, our core customer, where we believe she's going to be. And having this ready and ready to roll out in a large-scale way, somewhere down the line, I think, is the exact right thing to do, no different than e-commerce for us. We've had an e-commerce site up and running for the better part of 7 years now. And when our core consumer is ready to buy more online, all we have to do is turn the dial up there, and that will be no different than buy online, pick up in the store. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Sure, Robby. We -- I would tell you that, again, we are -- as well positioned on price against all classes of trade than we've been in the 10, almost 11 years that I've been here at Dollar General. And it is the cornerstone of that value, convenience proposition to our customer. And in saying that, we really haven't seen too much of a difference broadly on pricing, whether it be every day or promotional. It's been fairly tame out there. But in saying that, we continue to work the price levers to make sure that we're right priced in every DMA that we serve out there across the country. And as you look, with our scale getting larger and larger each and every year and our ability to keep prices low because of our limited SKU assortment that we have, we continue to be very well priced. And that's exactly what our consumers are looking for. And that's why we know that either in good times or bad, those consumers are going to come flocking in to see Dollar General.  And the last thing I would say is that our fastest-growing segment still is the consumer making over $50,000 a year. That's the fastest-growing segment we have, and I think that really speaks to every consumer is looking for value and is looking for convenience. And I believe that all the work we're doing inside of our box to transform it into an all-around shop is really resonating with the customer. 
John Garratt: Mike, this is John. I'll tell you that we feel great about the business fundamentals and the continued profitable sales growth we delivered in Q2. We raised our outlook based on the strong year-to-date performance, but there's a lot of year left. There's tougher half -- there's tougher laps in the back half, and there's some uncertainty around the macro environment, but we feel comfortable with the guidance provided and feel great about the way the business is performing. 
John Garratt: Well, thank you, Matthew. I'll start by saying we feel great about the balanced Q2 performance with the strong top line while enhancing our margin 13 basis points over last year. If you recall back, as we said we would, we continued to be more targeted in promotional activity, leveraging the tools we put in place to be more efficient on the spend to get more bang for the buck, as you saw, delivering strong comps and traffic while being more efficient with that spend.  We're also really excited about what we're seeing from the impact of new initiatives like DG Fresh and NCI. We're seeing the impact of that, and that will scale as we go on. We said in our prepared comments that we expect rate improvement in the second half to be roughly in line with Q2 compared on a year-over-year basis. And while there continues to be headwinds in our environment, we believe we have opportunities to increase margins over time.  As these initiatives scale, they'll be a bigger and bigger impact on our margin and we have a lot of other levers at our disposal. The team did a great job on category management. We see continued opportunity to increase foreign sourcing penetration. As we talked about in our prepared comments, there's a lot of exciting things going on with private label that can help increase that penetration. There's a lot of opportunities to increase supply chain efficiencies. The team did a great job last year mitigating the impact to that. We're in a more stable environment now, and there's a lot of leverage there. We have great support from our vendor community, and we just believe we're making the right investments to grow operating margin over the long term and believe we have a lot of other levers at our disposal that we've made great trade-offs over time. 
John Garratt: Yes. So there, too, we're very proud of the first half performance, both Q2 and first half. If you exclude the impact of the legal charge, we leveraged our SG&A while investing $19 million year-to-date at SG&A. As we mentioned in our prepared comments, we're accelerating the spend a little bit, $55 million this year versus the previous $50 million estimate, and that's really a reflection of accelerating investment in key strategic initiatives like DG Fresh and Fast Track. As we've said, there are some front-end pressure associated with that. There are some start-up costs that pressure SG&A, but we like to look more broadly at operating profit. And as you look at operating profit, we really believe that these initiatives, over time, will not just enhance sales but improve our operating profit over the long term. So we have to work through the start-up expenses. We said that as we go through the year that the expenditures against these initiatives will grow, and the majority of which is against DG Fresh and Fast Track. But we're also seeing the benefits of the scale as well, such that as we get into next year, we still expect these to be accretive as early as next year. 
John Garratt: Yes. As we convert items, as we convert stores, it is right where we thought it would be in terms of the cost savings, that is substantial cost savings that, as we said, as we scale, that will be very impactful to helping our gross margin. 
John Garratt: Yes. What I would say as a reminder that if you look at our SNAP sales tender as a percentage of the total, it's less than 5%. And if you look at the guidance we've provided, we've estimated what we think the impact of that would be, and that's all captured in the guidance. 
John Garratt: This is John. Good question. What I'll say, while not material to 2019, we're very excited about the partnership. If you look at FedEx, we'll be starting out with 1,500 stores in Q3, scaling to 8,000 by the end of 2020. Western Union there, too, early stages there in all the stores.  What we really think this demonstrates is our ability to further leverage our unique footprint and provide services to underserved customers that others have difficulty getting to. And with service partnerships like this and there could be others, we believe we're helping drive traffic. They also can be effective income drivers to the business as well, so we're excited about what it does for the customer and how it can help our financials going forward. 
John Garratt: Thanks, Karen. I'll start by saying we feel great about the business fundamentals and how we start out the year with strong top line and bottom line performance. And based on that raised our outlook, it's important to -- you remember that we did absorb additional tariff increases into our guidance while still raising it. So there's a lot of year left, but we feel comfortable with the guidance we provided. 
John Garratt: As you pointed out, over the last 3 years, the team's done a great job significantly reducing shrink. But as we've said before, it's never a straight line to the top. We always look to balance shrink with in-stock, and obviously, this year, as we've said, really doing great work around improving our in-stock levels. But we continue to see shrink improvement over the long term. One of the biggest wins we've had lately is EAS. We opened -- we added 2,000 more EAS units in Q2. Based on the successful results we've seen from EAS, as we mentioned, we're expanding that. Rather than adding 3,000 this year, we're now going to add 6,000, finish out the chain, really just given the results we've seen from this. So we expect that to continue to help us reduce shrink over the long term and continue to see opportunity there. 
