Todd Vasos: Sure. Yes. We obviously talk to our customers each and every quarter. So we've got real good data from that. But also through our credit card data, we can see that we're getting a trade down at a pretty good clip. And we saw that in Q1, and that continued into Q2. And of course, as we just talked about the first period up to just here in Q3. So as we continue to watch this evolve, what we see is very reminiscent to what we saw during the Great Recession, even though it was more of a financial recession versus where we are today. This one is starting to turn more into and look a little bit like that recession. And during that time, obviously, we saw a pretty good trade down. And we've got a nice track record and the playbook to hopefully be able to retain those customers as we continue to move through COVID and hopefully, post COVID. But we're really focused on servicing those customers right now that are coming in. And I would tell you that the information we're getting back through our customer work, our proprietary custom work, really speaks to the additional stuff that we've done inside of our store over the last 18 months to 2 years, DG Fresh being the big one, our cooler expansions, and obviously, our NCI, in our nonconsumable initiatives over the last 18 months to 2 years have been very, very fruitful for this customer. So we're very optimistic that we'll continue to see that trade down, and we're as optimistic that we'll be able to keep a great deal of them as we continue to move forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Matt, that's a great question. And I would tell you that we're very pleased with the continued improvements that we continue to make each and every quarter in our store, in the box, making it more relevant to a broad-based amount of consumers in many different type of settings, all the way from our rule, which is our bread and butter, all the way into vertical living with our DGX box. And I would tell you that we still believe we got 12,000-or-so opportunities to place a Dollar General out there across the Continental United States. And obviously, with some of the recent COVID activity and some of the displacement that we've seen, that opportunity continues to expand as far as I'm concerned, and we continue to watch that very carefully. And we have actually done a lot of work into -- we're not ready yet to talk about '21, but we've done a lot of work into our '21 pipeline as well. So we feel good about where we are. We feel good about that ability to continue to build stores and attract and retain those customers. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So Karen, I think that your back of the envelope is pretty close because we're seeing an outsized benefit in our NCI stores. And the great thing is not only that top line, but of course, that margin line. And the lines will get more and more blurred as we go. And the reason being is that we're moving a lot of the great learnings from NCI into the bulk of the chain as well, which is great because then we're getting benefit in the rest of the chain at the same time that we're growing the NCI piece. And we're taking the best of the best there. So we really like what we see and we continue to be very bullish, and that's the reason why we're expanding that extra 400 stores and doing it in that light version and that light version will give all the items that you see in NCI without all the movement inside the store for that disruption. And we believe that, that may be the unlock as we move into next year to do more of these remodels. 
Todd Vasos: Sure, sure. Well, first of all, we have to say we're at the very start of this journey, right? So football field, we're on our own 10-yard line so we've got a ways to go here. But again, because of the acceleration, you can imagine, we like what we've seen in the early data. But again, it's so early to draw any large or broad-based conclusions. But I would tell you that what we've seen early on in a couple of anecdotes is that the consumer is enjoying the experience, rating the app very high. What we're seeing, we saw a little bit in the test stores, and we're seeing it even in the expanded stores now that we're up to over a couple of thousand and soon to roll out to the chain, is that we're seeing -- when the customer comes in to pick up her order, she's actually buying additional items inside the store, which then is increasing that basket size to above where we normally would see our basket size. So we like what we see early on, but we're just -- what we like to say, we're running water through the pipes right now to make sure everything is working, make sure the customer experience is right. And then we'll really start to market it heavy as we move to the backside of this quarter and into Q4, but also into next year to really start to drive some awareness into it. We -- lastly, we believe this will be a very big benefit for that trade-down customer I talked about earlier. Because that trade-down customer that we've seen is a little -- skewed a little younger, more digitally savvy with families. And we believe that this will be right up her alley as well as she continues to learn about Dollar General and grow with Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. This is Todd again. Actually, what we experienced, which was great to see, is pretty even performance across our rural store base and more of our city setting store base. So once again, we've done a lot of work around our city and/or more urban settings, with much work being done around those type of stores, including our DGX stores. But in saying that, we were very pleased with the overall sales and margin performance was very, very similar in both sides of that. So it was great to see. 
Todd Vasos: As we continue to always look to be a low-cost operator, we're always looking at opportunities. While we're still working DG Fresh, our goal is still by the end of next year to be essentially fully self-distributed on our perishable side of the business. But there are some other areas in nonconsumables that we'll be looking at. But also DG Fresh unlocks even greater opportunity down the road of ensuring that our dry network is efficient as possible. And that may look like some goods coming out of our traditional DCs and moving into Fresh, leaving more room for other goods in our main DCs. So think of things like candy and water. Some of the things that we can move into our Fresh facilities that makes a lot of sense. And those areas will loosen up a lot of other areas inside of our DCs to make room for other type of goods. So we're looking at all that right now. But as you can imagine, we're squarely focused on ensuring we roll out Fresh at the highest level of execution we can. And I can't be more prouder of the team, especially through a very, very dynamic first half, I think, would be the best way to put it, especially with COVID and everything going on. They have executed at a very high level to include our stores and our operators to ensure that we're servicing the customer at a very high level. So couldn't be more happy with DG Fresh, but there's always more room for opportunity as we continue to move forward in distribution. 
Todd Vasos: It's a great question, Michael. And I want to frame it up to make sure we all remember, and I was the merchant at that time back in '08, '09, '10. And then there, we did a lot of other work to the box, right, to start to really make it very relevant to the consumer. So at the same time we were seeing a trade in, we were also growing the amount of SKUs. We doubled the amount of SKUs from 2009 to 2011 as an example, right, going from 5,700 to 10,000 to 11,000 SKUs, pretty much where we sit today. But I think it's important to also note, we continue to refine that box, and that box is even more relevant today. Now we don't expect to see probably the same amount of outside sales comps for that long of a time, just because of the initiatives that we had then versus now. But the important thing here is we've got some great initiatives that will, in my opinion, make her much more stickier today than she would have been even in '08, '09 because of DG Fresh, because of our digital initiatives, because of NCI and really showing her a real treasure hunt opportunity on the nonconsumable side of the business. So very bullish on being able to keep that consumer, probably at a higher rate. We'll just have to see if we get as many of those consumers over the long haul. I'd say we're probably, what, who knows how far we're into COVID. So we'll have to wait until we get to the backside of COVID before we know exactly how many customers we have received or gotten into the brand. And then we're going to do everything possible to continue to keep as many as we can. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I would tell you that we were very pleased with our core customers' ability to buy nonconsumables. I would tell you that's more the driver. And now some of that was stimulus related. But again, I believe a lot of it had to do with our ability to attract new customers as well, but also showing her something different because of our nonconsumable initiatives that we've got moving. Now as we all know, some of the stimulus has started to wane but as you can tell by our numbers that we've posted through Q2 and into the -- just about the full force period of Q3, that we continue to see a pretty robust customer on both sides of the equation. So she's liking what she sees. She has a little bit of money in her pocket. I think we're seeing a good trade down, which is helping. But our core customer is spending there as well. And I think it really goes to, again, the amount of work we've done. But plus, she's at home a little bit more. She has a little bit more probably disposable income because she's not doing other things. And with that, she really likes what she sees and buying a lot of our products. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes, our traffic was down, and I'll give you a little anecdote. It was low single digits, so not dramatically down, but down. And we like to see that up, and we strive for that, obviously, all the time. Now in saying that the -- between our core customer having money to be able to do a fuller shop and the trade down that we've got will offset any of that. So we like what we see from the customer base we have. And she is just consolidating her trips, not as much at Dollar General as we may see in other places, but yet, she's consolidating. And so we continue to offer her more and more so that when she's in, she can do a fuller shop and she doesn't feel compelled to have to go elsewhere. So I think that's really what you're seeing from our brand. And we'll continue to show her products that she wants and needs, but also products that may be a surprise and delight. 
Todd Vasos: No. When you look at it, and I don't want anybody to take the opinion that our consumable business wasn't very healthy, it was very healthy. It was just outpaced by our nonconsumable or discretionary side of the equation. I would tell you, I believe fully that it's a couple of things. One, we are seeing that trade down, and she likes what she sees. And we're seeing repeat in the trade down. We can see it in the credit card data. So not only is she shopping at Schwan's, she has shopped us multiple times during this COVID outbreak and pandemic that we've seen. So it tells us that she likes what she sees, and she's coming back. So she's helping drive and propel that nonconsumable business. But also our core consumer likes what she sees. And she was buying some of that product possibly elsewhere. And I think she now sees the benefit of shopping Dollar General there from all the work that we've done. So I'm very bullish on what that looks like as we get to the backside of the pandemic because of all the work we've done. But we are continuing to ensure that working both sides of the equation, meaning the new customer as well as our existing customer. 
Todd Vasos: Well, we're taking it one day at a time, as you can imagine, just like most people. We're hoping that the pandemic winds down sooner than later. But in saying that, we have seen that new customer. So we believe that's paramount is to keep her and continue to work that. But also, we're seeing real opportunity on a few other fronts. One is to enable us to accelerate our strategic initiatives, which you heard from both myself and John on as well as Jeff. And we're very excited about that because, first of all, these initiatives were working well prior to COVID. Now they're working very well, and we know that the consumer is looking both for the goods that we are offering through these initiatives. But also because of being on the forefront of this, not that we knew COVID was coming, but knew that the customer is always looking for more of a convenient and frictionless shopping experience. And we were well out in front of this, right, 18 -- 12 to 18 months ago to create what we've created around our digital efforts and our NCI products and many other things. So we see real opportunities there. Karen talked to -- asked about real estate. We see opportunities there, that there'll be some real estate opportunities opened up, we believe, because of this that we'll take advantage of as well. So there's a lot of areas where we know we can take advantage of. But where we're squarely focused on right now is servicing those customers that are coming in because she still really needs us because of this raging pandemic that we hope, again, winds down soon. 
John Garratt: Sure. As we mentioned in the previous call, it started with consumables stock up at the beginning of the pandemic. Then in April, as we saw the stimulus money in play and people sheltered in place, we saw a pretty significant shift into discretionary categories like home doing phenomenally, toys seasonal. And that continued all the way through Q2, and it's continued to remain very strong. I think it's important to note our discretionary business was doing very well coming into this. We've had 9 straight quarters of nonconsumable growth, and I think it really is a testament to what we've done with NCI. Stimulus certainly helped as well as the changing in shopping patterns where people were sheltered in place. But I think what we've done to make this part of the store more relevant than ever with the rotation of goods, the greater variety and aspirational products has really made it relevant and really helped us capture this additional business. 
John Garratt: Thanks, Matt. Good question. I'll maybe start by talking about the drivers of Q2, and that may help inform the balance of the year. We're not giving specific guidance on Q3, but I think it gives you an idea. And I'll start by saying how pleased we are with the performance, 167 basis points of gross margin expansion in Q2 was phenomenal, and that marks our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year gross margin expansion. The initiatives like DG Fresh and NCI, in particular, are really contributing. If you look at the drivers, the top 3 drivers in Q2, #1 was higher initial markups, and that was driven primarily by DG Fresh. And that's a benefit. We expect to continue to grow as we scale. The second one was mix. We saw the benefit, of course, of stimulus and the changes to shopping behavior I mentioned, but I also believe that, as I said, NCI is playing a meaningful contributor to getting more of that nonconsumable business. And with that higher nonconsumable mix, that was a big driver of the favorable mix as well as we saw a good mix within the mix with categories like health and beauty doing very well within our consumables. And then the third one was higher initial markups -- I'm sorry, rather, the third one was lower promotional activity. We've been talking about it for a few quarters now. We've been more and more targeted with the tools we've put in place to get more bang for the buck with our promotional activity in this environment. It wasn't as necessary. So that was the 3 key drivers. As you look ahead, obviously, we got some extra benefit from a pretty -- a very significant shift into nonconsumables, so I wouldn't expect that kind of shift every quarter. That gave us some extra juice. But as you look at the initiatives we have in place, we expect to see a growing benefit from DG Fresh and NCI. And we have a lot of other opportunities to leverage. The team did a great job on category management. We have more opportunity with private brands in foreign sourcing penetration, supply chain efficiencies. There is some near-term pressure from distribution and transportation costs: one, keeping up with the volume; two, the additional bonuses that we've put in place; and then three, there is some carrier rate pressure, but the team is doing a phenomenal job mitigating that with the actions they have in place. So -- and then the last thing is we'll always watch price but we feel very good about where we're priced now. So not commenting specifically on Q3, but just in general, we feel very good about what we've done to drive this continued growth and gross margin expansion. And over the long term, I think we're very well positioned in making the right investments to drive gross margin expansion over the long term and have a lot of levers. 
John Garratt: Great question. I'm not going to comment specifically on 2021 or give you any specific predictions. But what I will tell you is we are extremely excited about the fundamentals of the business. We are extremely well positioned. We continue to see ourselves as 10%-plus EPS growers over the long term as you look at the unit growth opportunity we have and the long runway there and the type of performance we're seeing from these new units. It's the best performance we've seen in years. When you look at our sales with all the levers that we have, all the initiatives, really clicking to drive the top line and meaningfully the bottom line when you look at our strategic initiatives and the momentum on the comps. And when you look at gross margin, all the levers that we have and the initiatives going after that. Obviously, with the cash we generate, substantial cash flow we've been producing, that allows us to reinvest in what we announced was accelerating these initiatives. So we really believe we're extremely well positioned with the initiatives. We really believe what we've been doing to the box has made it more relevant than ever and believe that we're now providing a fuller fill in trip for customers coming in. So as we look to make these larger baskets stick to the extent possible, as we look to keep these new customers that we've attracted coming back, we think we're very well positioned with the initiatives we've put in place and more relevant than ever and very excited about the future. 
John Garratt: We didn't divulge the exact dollar amount. What we did do is we gave new guidance around capital, and so you can kind of extrapolate. That's where a lot of that capital was going toward was these new -- accelerating the initiatives as well as accelerating real estate. On the expense side, I would look at it more as an acceleration of money we were already going to spend as opposed to additional investments. And so you could kind of think about the proportionality of what we're doing in terms of advancing these. So Todd mentioned the 400 additional NCI stores we're doing, we're going to be serving more fresh stores as we going to be serving 14,000 at the end of the year instead of 12,000 stores. We're going to be scaling DG Pickup across the chain in Q3 and adding 200 more projects. So I would really look at it more in terms of just proportionately pulling those expenses forward, not additional expenses. And again, all these things we do are aimed at high-return projects where we're really focused on pulling that benefit forward. So there is some front-end pressure of cost with the start-up and the initial costs associated with that, but the benefits far outpace that, and that's really what we're focused on, is pulling more of that benefit forward. 
