Rick Dreiling: Yeah, I will take the non-consumable and let David talk you a little bit about the mix. First thing I’d like to say Deb is I think about this you got to remember a lot of our customers, the recession has not ended. There is still dealing with a lot of pressure. As we said, I believe in the fourth quarter, we’ve gone in and look really hard at the non-consumables side of the business and we have shifted our focus. And one of the first things, one of the first moves we made was shifting to infants and toddlers. That apparel mix being 50% now versus where it was, and quite honestly, the customers responding to that. And if you think about it, when you can come in and buy a creeper for $6 or $8 and know that your trial is going to go out of that, you can come back and get it yet again. It really is resonating well with the customer. Men’s basic work wear, we talk about the fact that we were going to emphasize work shirts, jeans, and work boots, T-shirts with a pocket on them. And again, that’s starting to resonate. I’d also like to say that we have done an overhaul of party and that party is doing exceptionally well and it’s all branded Dollar General. So, while we are making strides, we want to – I want to continue to reinforce it’s still a discretionary purchase that people are being very cautious about. And that’s why David has spent a lot of time reflecting what he is going to see on the mix, the balance of the year.
Rick Dreiling: It is rolled out to the chain now. It’s in about 5700 stores and the response has been great. To be honest, Deb, we are selling more of the product than we thought we were going to sell.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. We think inflation is approximately 1.5%. I want to reinforce to you too Scot on raising prices. There is still prices we haven’t raised. We believe this is a unit growth story. And I can honestly tell you too that there is some prices we raised. We had to back that down, because we saw unit decline. And we are intensely focused right now on unit growth.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Very helpful. All right, thanks guys.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. There has philosophically been no change. I think if you go back call into the first quarter, I said, the pricings are going to have to work their way through the system sooner or later. But we have taken a very methodical approach. And what we are trying to do is continue to build on the sustainability of our brand and how the customer perceives us. So, what we have done is we are passing our price changes through, but at a slower rate, and maybe taking just a piece of the price change two or three times rather than trying to take it all at once. I will tell you also we continue to very comfortable with our pricing gaps with drug, very comfortable with grocery and we continue to maintain our price parity with the Big Box operators.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. What I rather say to you Emily, you had the 78-inch profile, which has allowed us to put in a higher ticket item for the customer. It’s attributable to that and then our forward buy activity. And I’d rather not be that specific if it’s okay.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, the answer to that is correct. And I don’t want anybody to think who are out there just buying anything that’s out there. It’s very strategic. It’s items that generate a lot of volume for us, which are obviously a little more sensitive to our customer and we are doing it in an attempt to mitigate having to raise the price at the shelf.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, Jo. And that the reason I say we are comfortable that reflected as realignment, well we made the commitment to infants and toddlers and shifted the mix around.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. The workforce management system is it’s an industrial engineering program that helps us better allocate the hours in the store, based on the flow of the customer traffic. It also John helps us identify how many hours we should use for stocking, how many hours for check-out. But the real win for us is the proper allocation of the workforce into the store at the right time based on the flow of the customer. As far as the program, it has rolled out and we continue to believe that we still have upside in it going forward. And the key thing is it really give us a feel buy store as opposed to just standing up and laying it out across the whole chain.
Rick Dreiling: Well, we continue to – we have started rolling out our new procurement system that’s going to take us a couple of years to get done well. The exciting thing about us that John is that it will give us a real-time look in regards to allocating product rather than having to rely on the previous 10 or 12 weeks. So, we think we’re going to be able to do a better job of laying the right amount of product into the store at the right time, particularly on promotional items.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. That’s a great question. No doubt we are seeing more private brand sales, I mean, they are up 15%. They are growing faster than the total sales now. And for what it’s worth, Matt, really seeing the private brand conversion in health and beauty. And it really speaks well we think to the future of the Rexall brand. In fact, if the customer proceeds that as a national brand.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. I mean, the new private brands, essentially that look, that feel, that placement in the story is rolled out. We’ve expanded the private brand commitment now into the non-consumable side as well. I am very pleased with what the team has done with the party or I got to tell you guys, the new automotive set with the private brands is doing really well. In regards to Rexall, Matt, I’d tell you we might still have – we might be able to get maybe 50% more SKUs in there when it’s all said and done, but we are taking our time with that. And again, like we have always said we are letting the customer make that choice.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, John or Matt, excuse me, what I’d rather do is give you an update on that when it’s been up and running for a while. This is brand new for us. We do know that there has been request for it. We do know there is demand for it, but I just don’t know enough yet about how it’s going to – what it’s going to generate. And with the world of social media today, I mean, it’s a great hookup for us now.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, let’s come back to apparel. I mean, about the time we hit the beginning of the second quarter, it was pretty well rolled out into the chain. And again, that commitment to the placement of infants and toddlers being 50% of the department and being place upfront. So, we had that benefit on that side of the table all the way through the quarter. I would say the same thing with the basic men’s of work apparel. It was in place in the stores the whole quarter. And I can’t remember the second half of your question, Mark, I apologize.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, basically it’s just all SKU rationalization. As we were looking at home, we have made changes in the store that have affected other pieces of the business. In our category management process, Mark, we go and eliminate unproductive SKUs and that’s what you saw in the quarter.
Rick Dreiling: Sure. I’ll answer the first part and let David answer the second. I mean, the real estate environment is relatively what it’s been over the last 18 months. So, it is affording us the opportunity to get a little bit better site. And we are pleased the site selection is paying off in the volume that comes out of our stores initially out of the shoot. I think David would say we are purchasing stores because the environment is very opportunistic right now.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, that’s a great question. I will give it to you two ways here. First of, we are continuing to expand refrigerated and frozen. And what I would say to you is that our customers, our frozen food and refrigerated offering to them is almost like it is insatiable. The more we put in the better we do with the initiative. And I think it’s pretty fair to tell you all that we will continue to push frozen food cases going forward probably for a very long period of time. It’s a matter of us just finding sufficient space. On the market store side, I am very pleased with what the team has done in refining the mix of frozen food and more specifically the fresh meat, the limited fresh meat and produce we carry. So we are very excited on what’s happening on that side of the ledger also.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. There is no doubt that sales accelerated through the quarter. And our acceleration I would say why there is a difference between the first period and the last is not like it is a major difference. I would think more of a gentle hockey stick rather than a radical move to the upper right hand corner of the chart. Regionally, I am pleased to say once again every region that we are dealing had positive comps. Again, really speaking to the breadth and depth of the model all across the economic spectrum.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah, I would think of the 12,000 opportunities as including Dollar General markets as well as Dollar General’s. It’s interesting where we do very well as a Dollar General that morphs into a Dollar General market very nicely. And yeah, we continue the margin obviously the mix with the addition of more produce and more meat, while the margin is going to be a little lower. The team has worked very hard on putting us in a position where the dollars were generating that box is very impressive and that’s where we are going to go with.
Rick Dreiling: Sure. That’s a great question. First of all, in regards to Hurricane Irene, like all other retailers out there, hey, we suffered some store closures. We had no store losses. We had a little bit of tree damage, a little bit of water damage. We still have the handful of stores that are operating without power, but overall we came through the disaster quite frankly very nicely. Again having spent my entire life in retail, a threat of a natural disaster is great and then when that disaster is not quite as bad as forecasted, sales usually do pretty well. I look at trade-down customer as someone who is experimenting, someone who is coming in and driven by the fact. In fact, I am going to rephrase that even a little more differently. What I would like to say Anthony is I think as I look at consumer spending today, there are those who have to shop in our channel. There are those who want to shop in it, because it’s enticing. And then those that are, well, I am not – I am doing a terrible job here, let me just backup. I had this all in my mind. Listen, trade-down people are going to come in because they have to for a period of time. I think the economy is creating an entire new customer that values the new consumer as that really and truly wants to shop with us. And they have come in and they have seen an experience that’s totally different. And we actually think this trade-in customer represents the new change in the environment today. It reminds me very much of the 70s when the warehouse stores came up. I ran a warehouse store in the 70s. And I would remember people standing in line with a fur coat trying to save a few dollars. And that’s that trade-in. Those people that are coming in and liking what they are seeing.Anthony Chukumba – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. I mean, I think every retailer right now is dealing with the whole social media issue. I don’t think any doubt going forward that there is not going to be more of it. And what’s good about it Michael is you can target your audience. You don’t have to blanket everybody like you do when you put something in a newspaper you’re able to strategically hit your customer. So, again while our focus is on everyday low price, our focus is what transpires at the point of sale, there is no doubt that we need to have some sort of Internet presence, some sort of social media presence. And we think we are on – we are doing enough things. I think we are on the right track.
Rick Dreiling: Yeah. We used that strategically different times of the month on different occasions. And it’s another form of EDLP pricing. And what we are trying to do is stretch the consumer’s budget at different times of the month. And hey, it’s something that we use occasionally and we are pleased with what we are seeing. And you have to also remember you put that out there the redemption on it, that it’s very targeted. It’s not like there is the masses are running into redeem and it’s a very strategic element for us.
Rick Dreiling: Thank you.Mary Winn Gordon – Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Relations: With that, that concludes our call. Operator, I think….Rick Dreiling – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all very much for your interest in Dollar General and look forward to talking to you all soon.
David Tehle: Yeah. We see continued pressure on gross margin in the back half of the year due to mix. And our current view is that the consumable mix will continue to grow versus the prior year the back half of 2011. And obviously that represents a bit of a headwind to margin since consumables are generally lower margin than non-consumables. And that’s our call on the economy right now. But I want to stress all this is included in our guidance and in spite of the margin pressure, our net outlook on earnings per share for the year is actually improved from our previous guidance of $2.20 to $2.30 as we mentioned we raised that this morning to $2.22 to $2.30 raising the bottom end of our guidance. And that’s due to our improved outlook on sales. We raised our comp sales guidance from $3 to $5 to $4 to $6 currently. So, again, we are seeing a little better sales. And this increase is due to our superior category management and strong execution at our stores.
David Tehle: Really, yeah. Our number one priority for cash continues to be investing in our business. And by that, I mean, opening up new stores as evidenced by the 625 stores we intend on opening this year and the 600 we opened last year focused on remodels and relocations because of the lift we get on sales from that, and then having the infrastructure to support the stores. The best example of that is the new distribution center in Alabama that we are building right now. We are also investing inside our stores the 78-inch profile obviously is an example of that and many other things that we have done to boost sales and help provide service to our customers. We did pay down the $839 million of senior notes in July as we had mentioned that we would. The next area of debt that we’ll focus on that we’ll look at is the $450 million of subordinated notes that are at 11% and 7% to 8%. That’s obviously our cost debt out there on the balance sheet. Next July of 2012, we can buy those back at $105 million, very similar to the price we had on the $839 million of senior notes. So, we will take under consideration buying back those notes at that point in time. After that, right now, I don’t see a lot more change in the debt structure. We will shift our focus to our opportunity to return cash to shareholders. And in general, that will be either a share buyback or dividend depending upon what our Board sees fit and when they decide that the right time is to take that under consideration. So, to summarize, number one priority investing in the business; number two, paying down debt which we’ve substantially done; and the number three, looking in the future for opportunities to return cash to our shareholders.
David Tehle: Yeah. Right now, at this point in time, we don’t have enough capacity to make that purchase, but again as we get into next year in the time period when we would be doing it, our current modeling shows that we would have plenty of capacity to make that buyback.
David Tehle: No, it’s not at zero, but it’s just not enough to buyback the whole $450 million. And again, we wouldn’t do that anyway because the price is too high, right now. Again, they are trading pretty handily in the market and we would wait until the current thought process is that we wait until that price came down to $105 million next July or $105 million. If you remember we did buyback some of the senior notes before $105 million because out models show that it was accretive to us to buy them back a little bit earlier.
David Tehle: Yeah. If you look at the difference between Q1 and Q2, the primary difference and we deleveraged 63 basis points in Q1. In Q2, we deleveraged the 11. The primary difference is markdown. So, let me explain, how this works. In Q1, we experienced markdowns in apparel and home versus Q1 of the prior year due to the tougher macroeconomic environment. In Q2, we experienced improved markdowns versus Q2 last year due to having fewer competitive price reductions what we call TPRs or temporary price reductions, which take place primarily in the consumable area. And again, this is versus what we saw in Q2 of 2010. And this is really the biggest difference in markdowns for the differences between Q1 and Q2. Additionally, we did have improvement in both shrink and distribution in Q2 which helped takeaway some of that negative on margin.
David Tehle: Yeah, I think three things. The shrink again continues to do very, very well. We’ve got a lot of great things going on in shrink right now. If you look at that, we are very pleased with our exception-based reporting, our focus on high shrink stores, scan-based trading has been helping us, defensive merchandising fixtures etcetera, etcetera. There is a lot of hard work going on in shrink and it’s paying off. We also had distribution coming in to help us again in the quarter versus last quarter, engineered labor standards, voice pick, cube on the truck, just general efficiencies, inbound load optimization, etcetera. So, we got some help also from those items and then the markdowns. Again, little better on markdowns, and when you go into a quarter, you have estimates of your sell-through and you’re never quite sure how those are going to come out until the quarter end.
David Tehle: We also did some forward buys on apparel. You’re probably aware that cotton prices have been increasing economically and we are trying to get a little bit ahead of the power curve on cotton.
David Tehle: Now, it’s I think, you really have to look at the mix more than anything else. And again as I mentioned our current call on it, again, our call in the economy is for the back half of the year. We think that consumable mix will continue to grow and continue to above what it was last year at this time. You are right, LIFO impacted us also, but again, I think the mix that we see is the bigger issue.
David Tehle: Yeah. No real, again, I am reluctant to give too much guidance on line items, but no real overall shift in advertising in the point on the incentive comp is simply, we had a tougher budget this year and again every year our budgets get a little bit tougher.
David Tehle: We’ve had some improvements in our handhelds in the stores, our HHT as we have called them some software improvements there, which add to the – try to make the life a little easier for the store employees. We are also in the process of doing DSL, Wi-Fi in the stores and again that helps in that whole process. And then we had an announcement this morning on e-commerce, which we are excited about and obviously there are lot of systems behind e-commerce in making that happen. The other thing, we’ve got some new point-of-sale registers that are being put in. And again, this will ease hopefully make the workload a little bit easier for the store in place.John Zolidis – Buckingham Research Group: Great. Thanks a lot and continued success.
David Tehle: Yeah. It is an opportunistic environment. We are getting very nice cap rates when we did this purchase of stores. We’ll continue to do it. But again, I want to emphasize this is not a all-consuming, huge effort for the company, this is just a way for us to buy some of our better stores that we know we want to keep, because they are performing very, very well, employ some of our cash in a way that we believe in a future time period, we’ll be able to turn these stores and sell them for a pretty good profit. And again, we are just taking advantage of a market right now that has gap rates that are very attractive to us and we want to put our cash to work for our shareholders.
