John Garratt: Thank you, Michael. This is John. And providing a little more context here, we alluded to in the prepared comments that through Q1, through May 26, our same-store sales have increased by 22% during this time frame and had mentioned some intermittent moderation over recent days. Given the unprecedented environment and the spirit of transparency, I do think it's fair to give more color on the recent trends. What we've seen in some recent days is some days in the mid-teens, but we've seen it bounce back in recent days into the mid-20s. So things have been fluid, but sales are still very healthy and we believe we're very well positioned. We're seeing strength in both sides of the box on the consumables side and the nonconsumables. And I think an interesting stat we've seen floating around is just how much people have their stimulus money still deposited in the banks, which leads you to believe there's some tail to that. But we're still seeing strength in both sides of the business and believe with our unique combination of value and convenience, we're very well positioned. 
John Garratt: Thanks, Matthew. I'll walk you through the puts and takes. I'll start by saying we're very pleased with the Q1 gross margin expansion of 49 basis points. One of the things we didn't call out as a driver was product mix, not a material impact on margin pressure. That really speaks to the surge we saw in nonconsumables, particularly as the stimulus payments came out. That, coupled with the mix within the mix, within consumables, we saw strength in categories like health and beauty, which has margin rates more akin to nonconsumables. So the combination of those helped balance out the mix pressure from the initial surge in consumables and made it really not a material impact for Q1. What we did see driving benefit in Q1 is what we have been seeing and calling out in recent quarters. One was lower markdowns as a percentage of net sales was the top one. The team remains very targeted on their promotional spending. And then the second one we called out was initial markups on inventory purchases, and that's really DG Fresh. We are seeing the substantial cost benefit we expected to see as we self-distribute frozen refrigerated goods and seeing a growing benefit from NCI as well. So while it's hard to get very specific around Q2 or the following quarters given the dynamics -- the near-term dynamics, what I would say is that we continue to see opportunities to continue increasing our margins over time with the growing benefit of initiatives like DG Fresh and NCI. And the other levers we have, the team continues to do a fabulous job with category management. Private brands, where we've seen elevated sales in recent quarters, and there's a big opportunity in foreign sourcing. Supply chain, you asked specifically around supply chain. Obviously, there's a little bit of geography there as we take over self-distribution of frozen refrigerated goods. We take on a little bit more cost there, but we save a lot more on the product cost side. But when you strip that out, it's been doing very well driving efficiencies as the team has been working on reducing transportation rates where they've been successful as we've expanded and diversified our carrier base, expanded our private fleet. We're seeing lower fuel costs and they continue to do an excellent job driving efficiencies through stem mile reduction, load optimization and DC productivity efforts. And then the other one that we didn't really call out this quarter because it wasn't material with shrink, we continue to see an opportunity for shrink over the long term. We're looking forward to the latter part of the year as we see the benefit -- hope to see the benefit of the EAS units, the 6,000 units we installed, completing the chain at the end of last year, looking to see the continued benefit we've seen in the past from those, as well as increased tagging now that we've completed the system. So I think when you put all those together, we feel very well positioned. Now we always reserve the right to invest in price if needed. But we believe we're in a great position right now with price, and believe we're making the right investments to drive margin expansion over the long-term and believe we have the levers to do so. 
John Garratt: And on the investment side, first, we continue to make meaningful investment to advance our strategic initiatives as well as remodels and new stores as we're seeing great returns as expected from those, and that continues as planned and is on track. In addition, as we go forward, health and safety of our employees and customers is our top priority. And so we will continue to invest some there as needed, making sure there's plenty of masks, gloves, hand sanitizer, thorough cleaning protocols and of course, we just recently finished the installation of the plexiglass shield. So we'll do what's necessary and prudent to ensure their safety. Beyond those things, there's nothing material changes that I see right now. 
John Garratt: Karen, this is John. We have seen a benefit from that. As you know, recent legislation has let states make it easier for families to continue participating, has provided emergency supplemental benefits. I think it's up to 2 months as it stands now. And then also, in lieu of the National School Lunch Program, is providing $20.58 -- $20.50 per week per dependent. So the combination of those is helping our customer, and we are seeing enhanced purchasing power and increased EBT sales. So how long that persists, it depends on how long these benefits persist. But what I would tell you is, we have been growing our share with these customers over time as we serve them well, growing EBT share. And we're focused on controlling what we can control, and that's taking care of them, and we'll see how it plays out in terms of the duration of the legislation. But we are seeing the benefit. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Michael, it's Todd. Thank you. Yes, we have seen an increase in customers. And no surprise, right? When the going gets tough, we know that our customers need us more and we're there for them. But we also know from past recessionary times that -- and in times of these, that we have a customer that also starts to trade into Dollar General. We saw that in a very big way in Q1. We can validate that pretty easily through credit card data that we've seen, but also through, as you know, we do extensive quarterly customer interactions and reach-outs. And we know exactly where our customers stand as well as new customers. And I would tell you, those reach-outs to our customers have told us this quarter that not only did we trade in, we loved what we saw, and we plan to repeat shop, if they haven't already. So we're very, very bullish on that. And I think it's a real testament to the work the team has done on this box to make it the most relevant it's been in many, many years. And I would tell you that just like we probably saw in '08, '09, with new customers coming in, they're delighted to see all the changes that we've made. And just like that, I'm very bullish that we'll continue to hold on to those customers for the long term. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Michael. Thank you. The customer was feeling very good. I think it was a real testament. She was back to work leading into this crisis. So when you look at our strong comp in the month of February, which really had virtually no COVID-related retail in it, she was very, very -- in a very good shape, probably the best we've seen in many, many years. What that was a -- what that enabled her to be able to do was to stock up with confidence, and we saw that early on. She came in and really stocked up first, starting like with paper goods and moving into food. And then obviously, once stimulus started to rollout, we saw, obviously, like other retailers, a surge in our discretionary type categories. Right now, what I would tell you, because we do talk to her very frequently, as I mentioned earlier, she has a lot more trepidation, obviously, just because of what's going on. But I would tell you that she still has money in her pocket. It's evidenced by what she's doing. But I think a lot of that extra money right now is driven by stimulus, both the basic stimulus that was sent out starting middle of April. But also for perhaps any unemployment that may be needed for our core customer which, by the way, there's evidence to show maybe our core customer is not having to capitalize yet on that because they're most likely frontline workers like many of America's customers today out there. And so she's got a lot of money still in her pocket. But we're watching it very, very closely because that can turn, and we understand that, and we're watching it. But we also are watching when stimulus starts to taper off. And of course, with additional snap benefits that are out there, that's helping as well. So when you put it all together, we feel that we're very well positioned. The sweet spot, I would tell you, we do very good in good times and we do fabulous in bad times. But I would rather see our core consumer, they have money in her pocket and be able to spend equally on both our consumable and nonconsumable businesses. But we're very, very bullish on what post-COVID looks like because, again, I think we're very well positioned no matter what this economy does to both our core customer and to the customer overall. 
Todd Vasos: Simeon, it's Todd. I'm going to go answer your first one and then kick it over to John for the second piece. But the first -- your first question, our pricing is as competitive as it's been in the time that I've been here -- in 11 years that I've been here. We are in very, very good shape against all classes of trade. And again, that's one of the cornerstones, as you know, of this model and what our consumers look for, very close second, the convenient pillar. But I would tell you that right now, we don't really need to -- we don't see a need to lean in any further on price because we're so well priced today against all classes' trade. Now we will continue to watch that if something changes. The other thing to keep in mind is that we've been very, very vigilant around price, especially during this time. What we don't want to do is to raise prices to our consumers in a time of need, especially in a pandemic. So we've been very, very cautious about that, only raising prices on a few items as you look at milk, eggs and a few that have just rapidly increased. Others that may have increased, we've actually held prices down some, so that we are able to service the customer the way she needs to be right now. And to your point, we're doing very well and making sure we're passing some of that on to our consumers as well. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes. We're at right around 75% rural, very small town-based. So again, we pride ourselves on serving that underserved customer out there. I would tell you that, that footprint really serves us well, especially during this time and our customer as well. Think about being close to home, we're within 5 miles of 75% of America. You think about that small box that we offer, that 7,200 to 7,400 square foot box, she can shop that with convenience and with confidence that there won't be crowds. And then lastly, we want to make sure that as we make sure that new customers come in that we show her the best that we've got, and that's exactly what we've done through this. She's seeing great products, and we've seen great comments from our current customers as well as our new customers. So we feel that we're well positioned. Obviously, we do very well both in our rural locations and our more metro settings. But again, rural being the major driver, I would tell you, has seen a little larger increase in sales overall. But again, I'm very proud of both sides of the equation, our rural and our city-type stores. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Sure. This is Todd. I would tell you, we're very proud that both traffic and ticket were positive in the quarter. And I think that's a real testament, once again, to the power of the box that we have out there and the ability for the consumer to shop both sides of that. So again, very proud of seeing that. Obviously, the ticket side was the larger driver, but I would tell you, a very nice performance on the front side of that, too, on the traffic side. As far as geographics, throughout the quarter, there were some puts and takes every -- it changed depending on the severity of COVID outbreaks. So think about areas like the Northeast, think about areas like the Midwest, Michigan, Wisconsin, those type of areas. We saw big early surges, obviously in the Northeast. Things leveled out for a bit and then resurged again and it continues to be elevated. So there was some give and take. But I would tell you when all of the dust settled, all of the operating regions were very close together in their performance overall. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Again, we're just getting going on, on our buy-online, pickup-in-the-store efforts. But I would tell you, I'll give you a couple of nuggets that we have seen early on. One is, she's been very pleased with the transaction and her ability to get what she needs. The repeat was very, very heavy, meaning once she use it once, the repeat was very good on the other side. And again, very high scores, even on our repeat. We know that the customer, as we start to move post pandemic, and we all hope we get there sooner than later, that though retail is going to change a little bit. And I would tell you those that have a strong brick-and-mortar presence as Dollar General has, but also have a very good presence of the digital side to include buy online, pickup in the store, to include areas like self-checkout, where the customer can feel that if she doesn't want to interact or have contact with another person and/or the actual payment terminals, that she can feel very confident to check out in our stores. I would tell you that I'm so proud of the team and their efforts over the last couple of years because they have set us up for success during this time and will flourish as we go forward. So more to come as we aggressively roll out buy online, pick up in the store in the upcoming months and quarters ahead because we know that the customer is really looking for that option inside of a brick-and-mortar retailer. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. When you look at it, again, it was pretty evenly based in the regions as you look out, and backward now, in hindsight. But I would tell you that our rural locations did outperform a little bit in that area. And I think that's a real testament, again, to the rural nature of our box and the ability for customers to stay close to home and shop with confidence in a small box that doesn't have a lot of customers at any given time. I also would tell you that I think once they got in for the first time, she repeated those purchases as she continued to restock her pantries throughout the quarter. So once she got in, I think she really liked what she saw. And I would tell you, I think we did some of the best, if not the best, in keeping in-stock on many of the core items. We got a lot of customer complaints in -- on not being in-stock on some items, but they were paled in comparison to the compliments that we got in saying things like, "We found stuff that we haven't found in other places in weeks and/or months." And that was great to hear. So I think just the combination of that strong box, and our rural location really helped propel those traffic numbers. 
Todd Vasos: Sure, Karen. Yes, on DG Fresh, I would tell you that we saw a meaningful difference in our in-stock levels, but also, of course, our sales numbers in the stores that we self-distributed. That's exactly what we're going to see for the long-term here. But it was even more amplified, obviously, during COVID-19 and -- when customers were out and still out looking to fill their pantries or refrigerators and freezers with goods instead of going out to eat. And so I believe that it's reacting exactly what we -- how we thought it would. But it was great to see it actually in person and an action as we -- as our customers needed it the most. So I would say that it gives us even greater confidence that as we continue to move over the next upcoming quarters and years ahead, that this is really going to pay a big dividend for us. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. It is still early stage, but I would tell you that the average basket is not dissimilar to what we would normally see inside of a store, which we thought, right? So 5 to 6 items could be 7 or 8, but let's call it, 5 to 8 in total, but closer to that 6 range, with the basket size being a little larger from a dollar amount, but not meaningful. And again, it's doing exactly what we thought it would do. I don't believe our core customer is going to change her shopping behavior over the long term. I still fully believe that when she comes in, she comes in often and buys 5 to 8 items with a ring of about $12 to $13 basket sizes. And we believe that buy online, pickup in the store will be no different. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you. That's a great question. The numbers that John alluded to, they weren't a very big acceleration, but I would tell you, the one area that we're -- we have accelerated our thinking, as well as our expenditure has been around buy online, pick up in the store. We thought it would be a more gradual rollout. But again, seeing what we have seen now through COVID-19 and what our customers are telling us about wanting an option, if she wants to take advantage of it in that contactless world, I would tell you that buy online, pickup in the store has accelerated and our spending against it as well as the rollout into our stores will be vastly different than what we had thought. And our hope would be we would roll out the majority of the chain by the end of this year as we roll forward. As you look at the other area that we would anticipate, maybe expanding a little bit faster will be our self-checkout. It would be our goal eventually to help self-checkout in virtually all of our stores. It was going to be a few year rollout. We believe we can accelerate that some as we continue to move forward in 2020, but also accelerate it in '21, for sure, as again, the consumer is looking for more of a contactless experience in some cases. So those are just a couple, but we're taking a look at DG Fresh as well. We have a very aggressive plan there, as you already know. But the produce side is a great question, and we continue to evaluate our stores to put produce in. And that very well could be an expansion as we move through later this year and into '21 as well. 
Karen Short: I wanted to actually go back to a couple of comments you made in terms of the Fresh. You talked about a meaningful increase in Fresh at the stores that you've rolled the Fresh out to. So wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on that. My second question is just on the DG Pickup. I don't know if there's any color you can provide on what the average ticket looks like. And then I had one other follow-up. 
Karen Short: Okay. And then in terms of the average ticket with Pickup, is there any meaningful delta or anything to point to that? I know it's still early stage. 
Karen Short: Okay. And then SNAP recently increased pretty meaningfully, and I think it was about a 40% increase in monthly SNAP benefits. I guess the question is, how sustainable -- well, first of all, did you see that impact in terms of May on sales? And how sustainable do you think that will be in terms of the benefit to the comp? Because obviously, this is similar to an '08, '09 increase in terms of percentage. 
