Richard Dreiling: Thanks, David. We outlined our 2013 key sales driving initiatives for you in our third quarter conference call, so I will not expand upon those today. Rather, I thought I would share with you what excites me and the rest of the management team about Dollar General's prospects.  Dollar General has a strong pipeline of growth available to us. We have a unique position across retail given our low cost to build and low cost operate. Our new traditional stores have a capital requirement of only $170,000. With a very fast sales ramp-up, our new stores are typically cash flow-positive in year 1 and have an average cash payback in under 2 years. This model provides us with continued great store economics. Despite our remarkable store growth over the past 4 years, we believe there still remains substantial opportunity for store growth in new and existing states.  Today, our 4 operating priorities are as relevant as ever. We're committed to driving productive sales growth, enhancing gross margin, leveraging process improvements and information technology to reduce costs and strengthening and expanding Dollar General's culture of serving others.  We believe that adherence to these priorities and our focus on multiple levers to drive sustainability of results will continue to separate Dollar General from the competition and allow us to provide our customers with a consistent low prices that they trust. The Dollar General management team has a proven track record with the organizational capability in place to enable future growth.  Dollar General has a robust financial outlook for 2013, and we are committed to returning cash to shareholders. We have an efficient capital structure, and we'll look to repurchase shares with our operating free cash flow.  Finally, my personal thanks to over 90,000 Dollar General employees who are committed to serving our customers every day. The tremendous results we have driven over the last 5 years could be attributed to the dedication and commitment of our employees. My sincere thanks goes out to the team for all that has been accomplished and the energy the team is applying to our 2013 goals.  Our strong track record over the last 5 years gives me great confidence that Dollar General team can successfully execute our 2013 goals. We've built a solid foundation for growth and we are continuing to capture multi-year opportunities on both the top line and bottom line with our focused strategies and the investments we are making.  With that, Mary Winn, I'd now like to open the line up for questions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, to answer your question, the Dollar General Plus format, we are pleased with what we're seeing, very pleased with sales. And what we're working on is managing that costs that it takes to construct the facility, as well working on the margins. We think, as this continues to play out, they will never be as profitable as a DG -- just a DG traditional. But your theory is 100% right. They'll drive enough dollars that will make it up -- make up the shortfall in the percent. 
Richard Dreiling: Another great question. Our -- actually, our store manager turnover is the lowest it's been in the entire 5 years I've been here. Our shrink has started moving up slightly over the last couple of quarters. However, the number of units that are actually shrinking out of the store is down substantially. And what we're seeing is that we've introduced some higher-value SKUs. And while units are down, dollars are going up. We've spent the last 1.5 quarters rolling out some defensive fixtures, particularly in the health and beauty aid area, and we feel very confident as we get that installed and completed at retail as we move through the back half of next year we'll see shrink start to come back down. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, right now, I would look at you and say, as David called out a couple of things: number one, there's no doubt that there's $18 billion worth of tax refunds that are still working their way into the system. There's, what is it, $180 billion in payroll tax adjustments that are out there. And Meredith, those don't just affect Dollar General or the dollar channel, that affects all of retailing in general. We're up against our stiffest quarter of the year last year in terms of sales comp. And my chief merchant was reminding me just this morning that last week the temperatures in United States were about 70 degrees, and this year (sic) [week] they're about 38. So you had that significant weather factor we're dealing with. We are incredibly confident that as we move through the year and our merchandising initiatives get put in place and we come up against softer comps, that we're going to see our results begin to accelerate as we move through the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the quarter actually played out relatively consistent period-over-period. December was actually strong for us. I would call it the best of the 3 periods. The competitive environment, while I would say it was competitive, it was certainly not irrational. I think people were concerned about protecting margin as we move through the quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: I think the competitive environment right now is reasonable. It's competitive, but it's not irrational. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I -- we talked about zone pricing on the last call about 12 weeks ago, and we have begun the process of implementing a couple of price zones. To be quite frank with you, we're very pleased with what we're seeing. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the increase in debit really more reflects just the change in society, I think, and how they deal with cash. I don't know necessarily if we're attracting a different customer or our customers moving up. I think it's just a social change that's taking place. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think, and I'll let David tag team on this, I look back on sourcing last year in 2012, we probably had one of our better years in terms of the amount of product we brought in. Obviously, that helps us with our margin. And we're starting to broad -- be more broad based in the countries we deal with and the categories we're dealing with. David, I... 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, overall, we were pleased with what we had in apparel. We made traction in women's hanging apparel, shapewear, accessories. Men's work clothing was good, and infants and toddlers were good. We did, in the fourth quarter, feel a little bit of pressure on the seasonal and I believe it was home decor, both of which we think reflects the customer probably being just a little more cautious on what they were buying for the Christmas holiday. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great question. It's actually, it's more on the consumables side, particularly focused on HBA. We had several categories that we continue to be under-penetrated on the HBA, and we believe that's where we have the greatest opportunity for sales growth, and ultimately, margin enhancement down the road. We are actually, for the first time, Matt, working very hard to get a lot of this work done earlier than we have traditionally. We've tended to let our initiatives roll out through the year. We're working very hard to be complete by the middle of the second quarter. And I think you'll see the traction, as David called out, not only in sales, but in margin as we move towards the back half of the year. 
Richard Dreiling: We anticipate having the rollout sometime between the very end of April and first part of June. So yes, the first part of the year. Of the stores that we've had up and running now in Florida for a while, we continue to be excited about what we see in terms of traffic and what it's doing. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, we have 50 stores operating in California right now. We'll add at least another 50 over the course of 2013 and we are pleased with what we're seeing. Certainly, a higher-cost operating market, but we're seeing a higher sales volumes there also. 
Richard Dreiling: Our perishable business continues to be on fire. So I think you could make a logical leap there. I would say this, Mark, that when times get tough is when our customer needs us even more. I think part of the reason that I was so bullish on '13, it's very probable things are going to be a little harder out there. You take that, the convenience, the EDLP pricing, the consistency, when our customers -- when they need us, we're there. And when they have a little more money, they have little more money to spend. 
Richard Dreiling: With the amount of coolers we've added over the years, it's very, very consistent.  It's doing really well. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, John, when I think about sales as we move through the year, I want to start off with the initiatives we have in place and the fact that we're trying to get them done earlier than we have historically. So you're rolling out cigarettes, which we know drives transactions. We have Phase Five, which we are very excited about, which is the idea of going into our legacy stores and getting our best planograms put in place in there entirely. We're going to continue to add coolers. We'll finish and continue to work on, probably get close to finish our beer and wine initiative in 2013. The preliminary indications on zone pricing where we have gone in and have been able to adjust some retail to drive sales have been very, very exciting, to be honest about it. And our in-stock initiative, I don't want to sell short the fact of how hard the retail team is working on getting all of those things in place. I think that as I think about the shortfall and the income tax refund, that's sooner or later going to make its way back into the system as we move through the year. And I want to come back to this, the shortfall on the payroll tax. This is yet another perfect example of when times get tough, our customer needs us even more. And the fact that the box is getting so much more viable, the trade-down opportunity continues. We've seen no erosion in what's happening with the trade-down customer. That continues to be one of the higher-income segments or one of those that we continue to grow. So very, very, very bullish. And I'll leave you with this thought. I don't want to get round -- long-winded on this. But when you're in retailing, there's nothing more than unit share growth. That is the most important thing. And our unit share growth continues to be in the high single digits. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think, as David called out, what we're seeing is you've got the weather change, you have all these initiatives rolling out that our margin and our same-store sales will gain traction as we move through the year. And this -- I was actually thinking about this the other night. This is very similar to 2008. And I actually believe 2010 or '11, when we gained speed as we moved through the year because we were able to get these things done. So we plan on some pretty great performance towards the back half of the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we only give year-to-date guidance. I'm sorry on that, Paul. We just kind of stay focused on the entire year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Austin, what has happened is over the course of the year is we began to broaden the mix of items in categories to increase the level of penetration that we have in those categories. And primarily, what you would see as you look at our shrink numbers, those higher-value items are in clothing and particularly HBA. And the good thing, particularly about HBA is there's defensive merchandising structures that you can put in place, and we began the roll-out of those fixtures. And that's why we're so confident we're going to get back ahead of this as we move towards the back half of the year. And I would also, Austin, like to reiterate our actual units that we're shrinking are down. And we've seen this probably over the last 2 or 3 quarters. We've seen this a little bit of a trend. 
Richard Dreiling: No, I think it boils down to we're adding the right SKUs. We didn't -- we weren't quite smart enough that we had to do a little bit better job protecting them, and I think we've figured that out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I would rather not give you the specifics of the agreement. But I think what we've been able to do, Patrick, is negotiate a deal with Nash Finch that's focused solely on the movement of cigarettes. And most of the time, when you enter into a third-party agreement with that kind of an item, the fact that it's low growth [ph] for you, it's also low growth [ph] for the provider. And they want candy or HBA items to go with it to make it more valuable to them to do business with you. The exciting thing about it is the merchants here not only negotiated that deal, they negotiated a deal with FedEx to move the products through the system. And the combination of those 2 items has made it very beneficial for us to be in the cigarette business or more beneficial than, I guess, you would historically fall into. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, we got 50 stores open there now. We'll get another 50 stores open in 2013. I would say the fact that we've entered a new market, we entered it at clustering stores. Rather than having one in Northern, one in Southern, one in Eastern and Western California, we came in and clustered them, started off with, I think, is an incredibly solid marketing program in terms of positioning the stores in the eyes of the consumer. We're happy with sales, and we believe that we have a lot of opportunity there. And we're working on the portfolio there in order to, like I said, you go into a new market, you always try to -- you don't want to get in there too fast. You want to make sure you've got everything moving in the right direction. And we're very pleased with where we're going. 
Richard Dreiling: Patrick, we went in there and we took the opportunity to plant all 3 concepts there. I would look at you and say, as I look out into the future, the Dollar General Market will have virtually the same role there as it does across the chain. We're going in there very balanced. And always remember, our Dollar General traditional is the bread-and-butter of this chain, and those 2 other concepts are designed to enhance certain opportunities in certain markets. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, what has happened as that business has matured, we started to actually installing in our higher-volume stores reserved stock refrigerated and frozen coolers in the backroom to keep us in stock. Part of the reason we've expanded the number of coolers is to give us an incremental shelf-holding power also. When I got here 5 years ago, you'd have 3 coolers in the store and 2 of them would be milk and it still wouldn't satisfy the needs of the store. So in terms of the set, what we're putting the -- in the backroom, we think that's keeping us in stock. And right now, we're very pleased with the supply agreement that we have with the providers that are taking care of it. I think over the last 5 years, they have really stepped to the plate in terms of service and in terms of getting the items we want to be serviced with in place for us. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I'll give you a couple of things. First off, the incremental shrink that we're experiencing has nothing to do with tobacco at this stage of the game. We're just now starting to roll it out. And it really and truly falls back to the higher retail-priced HBA items and some clothing items. In regards to tobacco, I'll give you a couple. It's a little early in the game, but I'll give you a couple high-level thoughts or takeaways here. In our test stores, we're selling 33% more tobacco than we thought we would sell. That's point #1. Point #2, 1/3 of the cigarette transactions we have are cigarettes only, which we look at as that person coming in and exploring us for the first time and seeing the store. Other than that, the basket is definitely higher. There's no doubt about that. It's not as high as the basket plus the cigarettes, and we're still working on that. But what we are seeing is a nice comp increase and more importantly, a nice increase in traffic. And once we get 1,500 or a couple of thousand stores on the deck, Anthony, I think I can give you a little more information. But we are excited with what we're seeing in regards to traffic. 
Richard Dreiling: No, we really wanted to do that for you all to give you a flavor of how we're seeing the year. So we we'll leave it -- we're not going to break it out going forward. 
Richard Dreiling: I think, if I was going to call it right now, I'd say in terms of sales, tobacco; in terms of margin, though, it will be Phase Five. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, good question. We anticipate we'll be done by June 1, if not a little bit before. And right now, we are on track. Obviously, there's licensing requirements and all that's being taking care of. The purchasing agreement, all of that has been taking care of. And what we'll see is -- the fixtures have actually been built and shipped to the stores. And over the course of the next couple of months, we'll see a gradual wave-out. I don't really want to commit to x number of stores per week yet. We'll kind of -- these things kind of start off slow and gain a lot of traction as you get to the end of the roll-out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, it'd probably be in the area of 50% to 60% probably where we'll actually go. We are staying away from any community that has any kind of problem with anything. And of course, we have dry counties we're dealing with. But we do anticipate that we'll get the final tranche done toward the end of 2013. 
David Tehle: Yes, there is a separate pool that it goes into, Meredith, for accounting reasons. It's a different enough product that we felt like it deserved to have its own department. So we added another department for tobacco. And obviously, it's going to be a low-margin department because tobacco is a low margin and then that'll get into the consumable overall margin. So again, even though it isn't in -- put in a department -- an existing department, it still has that impact of lowering the overall consumable margin because it is a low-margin item. 
David Tehle: Well, it comes in and gets put into its own department. Yes, that's right. Overall, it averages down our margin percent. 
David Tehle: Yes, we almost had $2 billion of receipts overall for the year. And again, we set up new satellite offices in Vietnam; Istanbul; Monterrey, Mexico; and then West Central China. So we're getting more specific on our overall sourcing and we're very pleased with where it's going. The other thing that it does for us, obviously, is it helps us as we deal with domestic vendors because they know we have a very viable foreign sourcing program and make sure that they have to be very sharp on their pricing. 
David Tehle: Yes, late '13, yes. Very late in the year is what we're looking at right now. Maybe early 2014, but very late. Very, very late, yes. 
David Tehle: Yes, on the transportation, clearly the 2 things that -- obviously, the LIFO we got a favorable from and we pretty much knew that was going to happen. I think the items where we got a little more help than we were anticipating would be transportation and then the incoming markups. On transportation, cartons per load, we did a little bit better on the cartons per load. We reduced our stem miles, again a little bit more than we even anticipated, which is great news because obviously that's why we're adding new distribution centers. And then the cost with the various carriers came down a little bit also in terms of just a little better work that we've done with the carriers to minimize the costs. So transportation, in general, managed very, very well, and we saw the results of that in the quarter. And then on the incoming markups, that's really just a mix of receipts. In terms of what was received in the quarter, a little bit richer on the receipts in terms of helping our margin on that. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think as we look at -- forward next year, clearly, tobacco is the #1 reason that we see the margin not leveraging. We're pretty clear saying that without tobacco, we would see a little bit of leverage in our margins. So really, it's just the impact of tobacco that's the reason that the margin doesn't leverage next year. 
David Tehle: Private brand, transportation, foreign sourcing and then the back half of the year shrink where we're modeling shrink to do better. So for the full year, we'll get a little bit of a positive impact out of shrink. 
David Tehle: Yes, we still believe, as we've mentioned, that we have opportunity, David, in the -- probably in order of importance, the private brand, #1; foreign sourcing, a very close #2; shrink; and then transportation. So as we look at it, those are all multiyear initiatives that we have. And again, there's still plenty of room in all of those in terms of adding to our long-term growth in our margin. 
David Tehle: Yes, we continue to see a nice sales lift, a 4% to 5% sales lift, nice payback. Again, payback less than 3 years and about $80,000 of capital expenditures that are put into it, and again a nice IRR that we experienced out of that. So still very bullish on what we're doing there. 
David Tehle: The new deal is factored into our guidance. We gave an interest expense, I think, of $100 million to $110 million. Right now, look at -- we're trying to figure out as we close the deal out what the best place is to put our money. We're definitely -- we're refinancing the existing senior term loan and the existing $1.2 billion secured asset base revolving credit facility. And we see ourselves coming out with a new unsecured bank facility as well as some new senior unsecured notes. So we're trying to decide particularly -- we'll definitely have a term loan A out there and the new cash flow revolver. And then we're trying to decide on the senior unsecured notes, particularly between 5-year and 10-year notes where the best place is to put our money. And quite frankly, the interest rates are so low. Right now, on the 10-year notes, we may get a little heavier on that, which may actually be a little bit higher than the interest rate on the 5-year notes. But long term, it's the right decision for the company to lock in those historically very, very low debt rates. 
David Tehle: Yes, we do, we do. I mean, most of it is core. Again, one of the key points, the inventory that was brought in, in the fourth quarter was core inventory, which means it's everyday inventory that should sell along with everything else that we sell. So yes -- no, we feel good about our seasonal. 
David Tehle: Yes, we continue to experiment with both fee development, as well as store purchases and that number includes both of those categories as we move forward. And I think we'll continue to do some of both, probably a little heavier on the fee development as we look into 2013. It really helps us learn the cost structure and obviously helps us deal with our developers when we're doing it ourselves and checking out different -- we try to check this out in different markets because again, it gives us a good look at what the true costs are in various markets. 
David Tehle: Yes, we'll continue to look at that. Certainly, at some point in the future, there might be a sale-leaseback done. We don't have any plans for that right now. Most -- we're very careful when we buy stores to make sure that they're stores that we're willing to keep for a long period of time, that they're high-performing stores and that everything we see in them makes it an asset that we'd want to own and get -- ultimately get a good return off of. 
David Tehle: It's pretty much in line with what we've been seeing. I don't think we'd see a big change one way or another... 
