Mary Winn Pilkington: Thank you, Dorothy, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Rick Dreiling, our Chairman and CEO; and David Tehle, our CFO. We will first go through our prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. Our earnings release issued today can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com under Investor Information, Press Releases. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, predictions and other nonhistorical matters, such as our 2014 forecasted financial result and capital expenditures; our planned fiscal 2014 and 2015 operating, merchandising and store growth initiatives; our beliefs regarding future consumer economic trends; and various matters relating to our proposal to acquire Family Dollar. Important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those reflected in or implied by our forward-looking statement are included in our earnings release issued this morning, our 2013 Form 10-K, which was filed on March 20, 2014, and in the comments that are made on this call. We encourage you to read these documents. You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call. We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Where available, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, which, I had mentioned, is posted on dollargeneral.com. The purpose of today's call is to discuss Dollar General's performance for the fiscal third quarter and outlook for the fiscal year. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up to your questions on those subjects. During today's Q&A, we will not discuss our proposed acquisition of Family Dollar or related matters. [Operator Instructions] Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Rick. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: No, no, Dan. It's Mary Winn. It was even. Because that had been adopted at the end of 2012, it was retroactive for 2012, and we took that all in the fourth quarter in 2012. And at that point in time, we provided the breakout of what that was on each quarter. And as it -- and then in 2013, it was effective all year in all 4 quarters. 
Mary Winn Pilkington: All right. So that -- operator, that concludes our call today. Emma Jo and I will be around if anybody has any questions. I know we left a few people in the queue, but thank you very much for your time and attention, and we look forward to speaking to you soon. 
Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced the results for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. David and I will discuss the highlights of the quarter, then I will address our current initiatives and provide an update on where we are with the Family Dollar transaction. For the third quarter, net sales grew 7.8% to $4.72 billion. Comp store sales increased 2.8% as compared to the 2013 third quarter, with increases in both traffic and average ticket, extending that trend to 27 consecutive quarters. Our comp sales trajectory improved as we moved through the quarter, and we have seen that trend accelerate into the fourth quarter. We had a good back-to-school season, along with strong sell-through for Halloween. And importantly, we are seeing a significant step-up in comp sales as we start the fourth quarter. Momentum has built as we lap the SNAP benefit cuts in the fourth quarter of 2013, and we expect to achieve a comp sales growth of approximately 5% for the fourth quarter. Perishables and tobacco continue to be the largest contributors to same-store sales growth. Tobacco has continued to show very strong comp growth beyond its first full year anniversary.  Our non-consumables were positive for the quarter, marking the third consecutive quarter of improvement. We are extremely pleased with sales growth in our home and apparel categories this year. I believe our efforts on current trends and affordability in these areas have already begun to take hold with our customer. Our gross profit rate of 30.1% of sales was 18 basis points less than last year's third quarter. While this was below our expectations due to higher promotional markdowns across consumable categories and end-of-season inventory clearance, this represented a significant improvement over our recent quarterly trend. Finally, adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter increased 10% to $0.79 per share. We've updated our guidance to reflect performance through the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter for both sales and earnings. We continue to have a strong outlook for the fourth quarter. On the comp sales front, our initiatives, coupled with our commitment to everyday low price, continue to resonate with our customers. We kicked off the holiday season with a 3-day ad the week prior to Thanksgiving and continue to emphasize our savings over an 8-day period centered on Thanksgiving Day. We offered exclusive holiday savings across gifts, toys, electronics, clothing, decor, baking and additional categories for every holiday need. We are pleased with our customers' response to these promotional events. As we lap some of the retail challenges from the fourth quarter of 2013, we are seeing broad-based momentum build in our business. I'll talk more about our operating initiatives in a moment, but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, great questions. We had a very good Halloween and a good back-to-school, really pleased with that. I will tell you the bigger seasons have slowed down a bit, summer and spring, and of course, we experienced a little bit of slow traffic last year on Christmas. I will tell you we have an offering this year on the Christmas side that is much different than last year, and it's focused on affordability, many, many items below $5. And again, this idea that the $1 price point is incredibly important to our customer, a lot of items focused on $1, and we -- I don't see a structural change yet. We're looking for good things with seasonal in the fourth quarter, so we'll see how it plays out. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think that the way I look at gas prices, number one, you're not going to see -- it takes a while for the consumer to really believe they've got extra change in their pocket. It's going to take a series of trips to the gas station to realize there's a little more money there. I think the other thing to take into account would be that it makes the customer more moldable. They obviously have the wherewithal to search for more deals across more channels, but at the end of the day, we're on our 27th year of same-store sales growth. We've had good times, we've had bad times, good economies, high gas prices, low gas prices. And our customer always seems to search us out. So I think the work we've done on affordability, I think we have hit that one out of the park. The unit growth that we are seeing is great, and again, I think as long as we stay focused on affordability, the customers can always be searching for us. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I'd tell you the focus is on transactions and it's focused on units. I -- my personal feeling on this, Michael, is I never want to be in a position where I tell you my traffic is down and my basket is up, and I think that's when you start to get yourself into a bind. Our basket has been around $11 every year I've been here, and what we're seeing is that our customer's coming back more often to us. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think the middle-income, the low-income customer, I do think there's still -- I still think they've got some issues. I don't believe they have them to the magnitude they had them last year. I do feel better about the consumer, but I'm still a little more cautious. I'm cautiously optimistic, and I think it's interesting, when we -- you can almost go back last year and look at when the staff cuts hit and watch what happened. This year, you can see when we've lapped those staff cuts, you can see the change in consumer behavior. So again, I'm cautiously optimistic, and I think it will flow through to the retail sales line as we move through '15. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, and again, that's why we're so committed to the affordability piece. That's why we're working so hard getting items into the store that price $5 or less or even centered around the $1 price point. The whole idea here is, I believe, affordability is going to be with us for a period of time yet, and our customer -- yes, and our customer is just always looking for a bargain. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, it's very similar to a loyalty card. The advantage is we don't have to massage the data, the company that we're working with does. And what you do is you offer them a coupon to see if you can change their behavior. And the example would be, Meredith, if I offer you $1 off Charmin toilet tissue and you don't respond to that coupon, right, and so then what would happen is that would mean you're buying your tissue somewhere else, and I can turn around and make the offer more rich. And it allows me -- and what happens is, I have a slate of coupons and you walk into them. And again, the coupons you choose not to opt into would indicate you're probably buying your product somewhere else, and I can enrich those offers to drive your behavior. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, absolutely. So what we're going to do is we're going to take a store that's historically smaller that would go into a relocation bin, Meredith, and we're going to freshen these stores up and remodel them. And the idea here is they're going to have -- we will go into the store and analyze it and do category management. I'll use an example. This particular store in this particular market might sell more powdered detergent than liquid detergent, and what we will do is adjust the set to reflect more powder detergent, right. And there are markets, believe it or not, where powdered is still the biggest item. We have some markets where -- and I'll use the example of diapers. We have a diaper set that's exactly the same in every store across the chain, and now we'll be able to contract diapers and maybe expand on incontinence items in areas where we're closer to -- where the clientele's older. So we're really excited about this, and it's the heat-mapping concept that the guys have taken and spread out, where we can really understand what's selling and what's not on an individual store basis now. 
Richard Dreiling: Actually, I'd say both because what we end up doing is having the items the customer wants, and hopefully, they'll buy more of them. And then consequently, it drives more transactions. And again, I equate that, Meredith, down to more units and more transactions. We're focused on units and transactions. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I think it is -- I would say it's certainly a little higher than quarter 2, but I would not call it irrational or nearly as competitive as last year. Again, our goal has always been to come to the market with the right items, and I would look at you and say it's primarily the promotional activity right now, Matt, around CSD. And again, I think I brought up in the second or first quarter that we were going to be in line on CSD pricing, and that's where you'll find the bulk of the incremental markdown for us. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I will tell you that we do have some merchandise that's hung up on the West Coast. We have worked very hard and absorbed incremental transportation cost to try and get in, move that product around. I also know that we found out yesterday, some of the shippers are refusing now to go into the West Coast docks and -- which is going to create more pressure. We estimate that between the dock shortage, the higher cost to get merchandise moved, that it's about 6 to 9 basis points, but we offset that, by the way, with vessel where we were able to get our stem miles down. I do think that it's going to be a problem as we move through the fourth quarter, and it'll be a problem for everybody. We are working hard on trying to divert product to the East Coast. There's been no indication that they're going to support their brothers on the West Coast. So we're going to have to stay tuned on that one. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think the down diesel prices will help, but I don't know that it's going to help depending on the magnitude of what we encounter. I think you guys all know the West Coast -- the President had said he's not going to interfere with that. He's going to let it take its own course. So I think the gas price -- the lower diesel cost will help, but it's not going to cover it all. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, the first part of your question, we'll let the customer decide, right. When -- why we're adding more $1 and more items under $5? We are -- we still have a broad selection of product, right. So we're still very much in the game of letting the customer make the decision of what they want. And part of the way we have -- part of the way -- part of our success over the last year has been our ability to broaden our appeal, and some of that is not only the affordability angle but also having some more stuff in there. The second part of your question, we're working on getting case packs down, which will make it easier for the retail team to absorb the incremental items. I also think that having been on retail or having been on that side of the ledger, when sales are moving in the right direction, we've always somehow managed to conquer anything that's associated with it. And Greg and his team have done a marvelous job this year, so far, of working their way through that. We also, John, have, which we rolled out this year, a very serious stocking initiative, and we're doing a much better job not only in how we ship the product to the stores, but we're doing a much better job of measuring stocking productivity. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. It is certainly not at the level it was when I came in. It's better than that, but I see it as a significant improvement to come yet. In fact, even, John, where we were, we need to be better than where we were, if that helps. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. The margin on the affordability item is actually accretive. They tend to -- the $1 items tend to carry a little bit higher margin rate as do -- and the kind -- that margin rate will -- Ed, not as great when you get to the $5 items, but the lower-priced items, believe it or not, carry more. And it should help our rate. 
Richard Dreiling: I -- that is kind of where I'm at right now, to be honest with you. The work we've done on the margin -- we all have to remember we've got cigarettes in there, which is a 17 basis points drag albeit we've cycled that, but we anticipate we have margin expansion opportunities going forward now. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. A really good question, and I'll break it into a couple different buckets here. This week, last year, was the first major snow event of the year in which we took a pretty sizable -- we had sizable difficulty managing the weather. This Saturday -- this coming Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday of next week. If you look at January, Paul, of last year -- and I think we called it out on the conference call for the fourth quarter, we came to work and had 1,000 stores shut down on several locations, right. And we dealt with a very, very, very weak January last year. January, historically, is one of our better months, better periods of the year. So I feel very comfortable in that there was -- and remember -- I'm getting a little ahead of myself here. I think, as I recall, there was a major snow event the week before Christmas last year, and unless you read the Farmers' Almanac, I'm very positive on the weather for the quarter. But I think that we've got that in our favor, and then I think the quality of our merchandise offering for Christmas is much better than it was last year, much better focused on affordability. This is, obviously, the big trimmer tree weekend. This is the first weekend where we see a lot of the Christmas trees being bought and all the decorations, and I'm still a little bit of a merchant. And we have reviewed all of our merchandising plans for December and January with the team, and we look pretty good. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think as I think about this, one of the areas that we've struggled with the most on the DG market side is the produce and the meat side, the fresh side. And when you grow up like I did, managing in a grocery store, managing in produce and meat, you realize that it's -- basically, you treat it like a living thing. And when you don't grow up with that, it's very hard to get people to understand the importance of rotation and the importance of display techniques. So it sounds easy to do, but it's much more difficult than that. I think long term, it's possible that a Dollar General might have some subset of fresh merchandise, right, maybe some oranges and some apples and bananas and potatoes, but long term, right now at least -- and by the way, you never say never. But right now, I would say us getting into any kind of significant position in that kind of perishable merchandise is probably not on our radar screen right now. Now frozen food, we love, and we've done a lot of great work on that. And by the way, we've done some good on easier to manage perishable items, like cheese and butter and orange juice and some items like that, lunch meat. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, I mean, I'll answer that one. I would characterize it probably more reactionary than predatory. We are intently focused on everyday low price and -- but part of that is you have to be careful that there are some items out there where the consumer might judge your everyday low price based on what they see in the ad. So and again, I'll reiterate, the -- primarily, the promotional activity that we had in the quarter was all on CSD. So yes, and I would also say the more and more stable the promotional environment gets, it allows you to make investments in other areas of the business that you might want to, like the non-consumables side. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, it's actually a combination of both. We're doing a much better job of color, a much better job of getting the product into the stores at the right time, a much better job of clearing out the old product prior to the new product getting in, and then I have to tell you we're promoting the product very similar to how a department store would. 
Richard Dreiling: Offhand, I don't know how many quarters in a row it has been up, but I can tell you it's a combination of the $1 items and doing a better job of buying. 
David Tehle: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. First, let me walk you through our gross margin performance. Gross profit increased by 7.2% as a percentage of sales and decreased by 18 basis points to 30.1% in the 2014 third quarter compared to the 2013 third quarter. Our product category with the lowest gross profit rate is consumables, and this category continues to comprise a larger portion of our net sales primarily as a result of increased sales of lower margin tobacco and perishable products. The gross profit rate decrease was also impacted by an increase in markdowns due to increased promotional and end-of-season inventory clearance activity. These factors were partially offset by higher initial markups on inventory purchases and improved inventory shrink. We recorded a LIFO provision of $2.2 million in the 2014 period compared to a LIFO benefit of $3.7 million in the 2013 period. This equates to 13 basis points of negative pressure on gross margin percentage. As compared to our forecast for gross profit, we successfully mitigated the impacts of the West Coast port slowdown and driver shortages on gross margin due in part to lower stem miles from the successful opening of our Bethel, Pennsylvania distribution center earlier this year. SG&A expense was 21.8% of sales in the 2014 period compared to 21.4% in the 2013 period. For the third quarter 2014, SG&A expense included expenses of $8 million or 17 basis points related to our proposed acquisition of Family Dollar. The remaining 21 basis points of SG&A rate increase are attributable to increases in rents, utilities and incentive compensation expenses. Offsetting these items were convenience fees charged to customers for cash back and debit card transactions and retail labor expense, which increased at a rate lower than our increase in sales. The third quarter tax rate was 36.5% compared to last year's effective tax rate of 35.6%. Both years included benefits from the reduction of reserves that were established in 2009. These amounted to $4.7 million in the 2014 quarter and $6 million in the 2013 quarter. Excluding these adjustments, the increase in our tax rate relates to the expiration of various federal jobs tax credit programs and the impact of certain nondeductible expenses related to the proposed acquisition of Family Dollar. Year-to-date, we generated cash from operations of $841 million. That's up $80 million from last year's 39-week period. Total capital expenditures were $289 million, including $104 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; $86 million related to new leased stores primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment; $36 million for distribution and transportation-related capital expenditures; $29 million for stores built by the company; and $28 million for information systems upgrades and technology-related projects. Our share repurchase program is on hold as we await the outcome of our proposed transaction with Family Dollar. Turning now to guidance. Top line sales for the full year 2014 are expected to increase approximately 8%, at the low end of our previous guidance range, and same-store sales are now expected to increase at or slightly below the low end of our previous range of 3.0% to 3.5%, with same-store sales growth of approximately 5% forecast for the fourth quarter. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year to be in the middle of our previous full year adjusted earnings per share range of $3.45 to $3.55. This excludes any cost related to the potential FDO transaction. In addition, it assumes no additional share repurchases in the fourth quarter. It does assume the reinstatement of the Work Opportunity Tax Credit back to the beginning of the year, which has always been included in our guidance for our effective tax rate for the year. The impact of the tax credit is approximately $0.04 per share.  For the year, we're on track to open approximately 700 new stores, and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million, which is down from our earlier expectations due primarily to the timing of the build-out of our new San Antonio, Texas distribution center and lower overall cost for new stores. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Rick. 
David Tehle: Yes, a couple of comments on that. First of all, you have taken about -- take into account tobacco, when you look at the margin and we made a strategic decision to add tobacco, knowing what that would do overall. I think as we look forward, there are initiatives going on in foreign sourcing, in our private label as well as shrink. And as Rick mentioned in his comments, we saw some positives in shrink this quarter. So we still have the capability to add to that gross margin and that gross margin percent. Now having said that, again, I go back to what Rick said as he kicked this off, driving unit sales growth and then transaction growth will continue to be high priorities for us and what we're going to be focused on because we think ultimately, that's what our long-term shareholders want to see. But yes, there is room in margin and there are things where we continue to work on, but again, the unit growth and the transaction growth will always be at the top of the list. 
David Tehle: So what this is, is the WOTC, the Work Opportunity Tax Credit, and the way this works is these benefits expired December of last year, and we've been waiting all year for the federal government to take action on this. Last night, the House passed a bill of tax extenders by a vote of 378 to 46. That bill was now sent to the Senate, and the Senate is waiting for -- we're waiting for the Senate to take action on it. We, obviously, can't predict what the Senate will do, but if past history is any indication, more than likely, a 1-year extension will be provided. This is what we saw back in 2012 when this happened also, and then it'll be retroactively applied back. So we'll get the full year credit in the fourth quarter. As we've done our guidance for the full year, we always had this in our guidance. This isn't anything new. We felt like WOTC would come back, and we felt like it would probably be the fourth quarter simply because that's how it happened in the past. So again, it's been in there, and that's our thought process in terms of what hopefully will take place, but of course, we can't predict what the federal government will do. 
David Tehle: It was included all year, last year, yes. If you go back to 2012 -- the fourth quarter in 2012 because we had the situation where it got reinstated. 
David Tehle: Yes, so let me take a shot at some of these, and then certainly, Rick will comment, too. You have to remember, in our business, we're not as based on meat and produce and things of that nature where there has been a lot more impact of inflation. Now we have had a little bit of inflation in our candy and some of our other perishables, a little bit in tobacco. And particularly, as compared to last year, where it was actually going the other way, and that's why we have this LIFO negative that I spelled out earlier on the call. But I think, as you look at it, again, I go back to the 3 basic items that help us on gross margin in terms of offsetting negatives, and that is the foreign sourcing, the private label and the shrink. And we continue to push all 3 of those in terms of trying to drive a little bit more on the gross margin and the gross margin percentage. 
David Tehle: Yes. So I think as we look at the fourth quarter, right now, we're calling margins to be relatively flat, overall, in terms of basis points, and then we do have a significant delevering of SG&A. And you hit it right on. The biggest piece of that has to do with the incentive comp. If you go back to our script from fourth quarter last year, you'll see that we spelled out that incentive comp was a 45 basis point negative -- or excuse me, a 45 basis point positive last year to us because in essence, we had a fairly sizable reserve reversal in the fourth quarter since we did not pay any incentive comp. So that's the magnitude of what we're up against this fourth quarter. 
David Tehle: Sure. Obviously, our #1 priority is investing in the business. We're a growth company. It's important to us to be opening up stores, so making sure that we have the capital to open new stores, to do remodels, to do relocations, and that we have the infrastructure in the back end of the business to support those stores, whether that be in the transportation and distribution area, in IT that we have system that will help make sure that we're supporting the stores. It's all about the stores, obviously. And then with the cash we have left over, our priority is share buyback and again, buying back as much stock as we can with what we have left after we've invested in the business. And because of the pending efforts on Family Dollar, we've suspended that share buyback on a temporary basis. 
David Tehle: Right, yes, yes, exactly, and that's very, very important. We became investment grade a while back, and our thought process is that we want to stay investment grade. In order to do that, that debt-to-EBITDA needs to be somewhere in that 3.0, maybe a little bit higher than that, 3.1, somewhere in that range, overall, is where our targets are. Right now, we're at 3.1. We had a fairly sizable share buyback earlier in the year, $800 million, that's still with us, that's impacted that indice. That's why it's 3.1. We had been at 3.0 pretty solidly for many quarters on that. 
David Tehle: The -- so in the third quarter, we excluded the $8 million. We spelled it out, and we excluded it. As a matter of fact, if you go to the press release, there's a chart at the back that'll show you what's excluded from earnings per share, and that is excluded. And again, any cost that we'll have in the fourth quarter will be excluded also. 
