Todd Vasos: On shrink, I just want to make sure we referenced back to last quarter as we rolled out our back to basics program in earnest over the last few months. We talked about last quarter that some areas will take a little longer to manifest itself in a real positive manner. We called out shrink as being one of those because shrink has the longest tail to it. And quite frankly, we have many levers on shrink that we watch. And we look at each and every quarter. In saying that, the great thing here is that what we're seeing on the shrink front right now is what we thought we would. And that is of the shrink indicators that we watch. And by the way, we use a proprietary predictive model to look at this. We've had this for many years and as you know, over the years, our shrink indicators will would have indicated and have performed in a pretty good manner up until recently. And these predictive models are now flashing green or positive with the majority of the items that we look at for shrink. So in saying that, in a nutshell, we feel pretty good about what that would indicate for the back half of the year, and what that will indicate hopefully for ‘25 and beyond, just like we thought it would. It would come together a little softer in Q1, but again, green shoots, which is really great to see starting to perform. And Kelly, you may want to just mention how it affects the margin overall.
Todd Vasos: And then Michael, I know you had a second part question and as it relates to the promotional activity and what we're seeing from that, as you may recall, we were probably one of the first ones to call out that we believe that the promotional environment would rise in 2024. We made mention that we believe it's going to be more reminiscent to free COVID times, so 2019 type levels, and quite frankly, in Q1, that's exactly what we saw. And we still see it, the same way, today as we move through Q2 and into the back half of the year. So, it's pretty much right on what we thought. And I would tell you that for us, here at Dollar General, we've always done a very good job, as of balancing that everyday value here on the shelf meeting our everyday price, and then seeding in that promotional activity to really show even more value to the consumer. We do that probably as good as anyone. And the great thing about Dollar General is that category management that Kelly just mentioned where we are a large player with almost every CPG company in America. And with that, allows us the opportunity to continue to work with them very closely to help mitigate margin risks from that promotional activity. So we feel good. Everything is contemplated in our guidance, as we move forward. And we feel good about that promotional activity to show good value to the consumer. And it's been resonating. Take a look at our sales for the quarter and our transactions for the quarter. I think the balance is being struck very well here.
Todd Vasos: Matt, what we're seeing from the consumer overall is what we pretty well called out in March, and that is, it's a cautious consumer, I think is the best way to put it. She has definitely flea the value, especially in the lower income stratas. But what we're seeing, like we saw in Q4 what we're seeing is that the next cohort and the one above that, so let's call it middle to upper middle income, and then in some of the upper income stratas, we're seeing the trade down still come in. So we feel good that we're getting new customers in. We can see it in our data, and that we're retaining at a high level those core customers of ours in that lower income strata. She is definitely making trade-offs in the store and at the shelf. And feeding her family and taking care of her family is her number one priority. Inflation has and continues to be top of mind for her. While she does say in our recent work, as you know, we go out each quarter and talk to the consumer. In our recent work, she does indicate, overall year over year, the inflation has slowed down, but what she keeps pointing out is that the inflation that has happened to her over the last couple years is still there. It hasn't gone away. So it's in the base, if you will. And as we had pointed out a couple quarters ago, we don't believe that that is probably going to dissipate as we continue to move forward. So our core consumer is still continuing to figure out her overall spending rates. Now, the great thing and as your second question asked was that consumable versus non-consumable mix. And what we saw in Q1 is in those times when the consumer wants to spend more, let's talk about Easter for a moment. We saw Easter was very good for us both on the consumable and the non-consumable side of that discretionary side of the equation. So, she has the ability to spend some, but she's very deliberate with that spend. And so we need to continue to show her value even in the discretionary areas. So what that signals to us is that she continues to figure out her income levels because she is spending on some of that discretionary. So we'll continue to foster that as we move through Q2 and beyond. And we believe it's fully contemplated in our low twos guidance that we gave in Q2. And then lastly, on our back to basics work. Thanks for asking that because we're proud of what we've done so far. If you recall, we talked about starting at about our own 20 yard line. If I can revert back to my football analogy for a moment, I would tell you that we're at or just crossing the 50 yard line now as we exited Q1, that's quite a move very quickly, I would tell you, and you asked a few of the components are moving even quicker. So I would tell you in our supply chain, very happy with what we're seeing there. Has moved well past the 50 and probably more on the 40 yard line on the other side of the field. So feeling very good about that. Our on time and in full rates have been very stable and top-notch for many weeks now. And that stability is really the key. If you remember me saying that last time, that consistency is where the stores start to feel it and the customers feel it the most. And we're starting to see that, materialize and have been for the last few weeks. As it relates to our merchandising side, I would tell you we're squarely across the 50 as well with some of our biggest components yet to come in Q2 and in the into early Q3, all the pipe has been laid for that. And we are already starting to see some of that benefit as we worked in the Q2 here. And then our operations inside of our stores and our field. I'm very proud of what they've done so far, because everything we've done back of house is now starting to manifest itself at store level. And so, I would tell you that we're squarely on the 50 yard line there as well. And I know that the team is squarely focused on moving the ball down the field in Q2 there. And I believe that, with the back of the house indicators that we see right now, I believe that that's going to happen as we move forward. Shrink is still, as we indicated probably the laggard there. We knew it would be the laggard. This is not a surprise. A little worse than we thought in Q1, but overall, not a surprise that it's going to tail everything else. But again, those green shoots I mentioned earlier really give us the confidence to reiterate our guidance for full year, because we're starting to see some of that occur. And of course, those positive sales and transactions, I don't want to minimize that. You have to take a look at that and be very positive, because the consumer is seeing the difference inside of our stores. A big difference in turn over the last couple quarters. So stay tuned. We feel pretty good. You could probably tell by my enthusiasm and the voice that we're seeing some real positives from all the work that we're doing Matt.
Todd Vasos: Let me actually answer the second one first and I'll turn it over to Kelly for your first question. Again, the promotional environment is nearly exactly what we thought it would be. A little higher in Q1, but I would tell you that we knew this is the way the consumer was going to react. And we knew, and we said this in Q4, the way CPG would react because they're looking to move units as well. So, I would tell you that, this is probably both a CPG and a customer push into some of this promotional activity. Now, in saying that we feel great about our everyday price, as I indicated on the prepared remarks, we are right in line with everyday price against all classes of trade. We feel good about that. We continually invest in price and imp, impress and value at the shelf. And then the other thing to keep in mind is our expansive and growing private brand business has been very stable and solid, and growing quite frankly in Q1. And that important and magic $1 price point continues to be one of our best performers in the quarter. So we're showing value at all different spots for the consumer. And it's resonating. I mean, when you look at that transaction growth across Q1, I think, one would say it's resonating heavily with the consumer at this point. So we feel good about all of our pricing across the board, but we continue to watch it. We'll continue to watch all classes of trade. We will make adjustments if need be as we move through Q2 and beyond. But right now, the customer is reacting exactly like we thought she would, we know how to do this. We've been doing this for a long time and this category management team that we have here built in 2008 continues to be strong and continues to be working all the levers that we know how to do here at Dollar General.
Todd Vasos: Yes, I would tell you that our non-consumer discretionary business, as I mentioned earlier, it's still alive and well. It's just the consumer is making those trade-offs in the store and at the shelf. But I would tell you again, during those important times when discretionary is important to her family, she has the ability to spend. So that shows you that and gives us confidence that we have the right products for the consumer at the right value and price. And as we continue to move through Q2 and beyond, we believe layering in some promotional activity and discretionary, like we are in our core non-consumable areas, excuse me, was -- is probably the right thing to do. So we believe a nice balance of both will help the consumer stay engaged in the discretionary side of the business. I have seen, looked at seen and are am very pleased with the holiday lineup we've got coming up. I know it's a little premature, but it never is when we start talking about holiday because it has such a long lead time coming in. And the lineup we have this year is very strong for the back half of the year as well. So more to come. I believe we've got all the right building blocks in place for the discretionary side of the business to continue to get healthier and healthier as we move through the back half of the year.
Todd Vasos: Yeah, I just want to reiterate shrink was worse than we thought. It would've been in Q1 but we are seeing those green shoots, which gives us confidence to reiterate our guidance long term. Just want to make sure, we got that point across. But I would tell you that as it relates to all the work we're doing around back to basics, it will continue, we believe, to gain momentum. Everything would show that and many, many of those opportunities that we have to gain momentum directly affect the shrink line. As Kelly indicated, and I also indicated earlier, when you look at inventory levels across the store, I mean a pretty aggressive but impressive reduction in inventory in light of rising sales. And so when you think about that with a 9.5% reduction in per store inventory in 22.5% on our non-con business or discretionary business, we believe all those actions will help that shrink line because too much inventory or over inventory in some instances always leads to additional shrink. So we continue to watch that carefully. Now, the great thing is our inventory is in really good shape as far as the quality and always has been. But we want to make sure that at store level, that it gets to the shelf when it comes in and it gets in front of the consumer as quickly as possible and those levels are so important to make sure that happens. And then as I look at other levers and all the other work we're doing, the expense lines, as you mentioned, we feel confident on where we are today. Wage rates being the largest $150 million investment last year in wages was a strong commitment to grow that consumer awareness and grow our stores in a way that the consumer sees and resonates with. And I believe we're starting to see some of that benefit now. But when you look past that, we believe that we are -- we have the right amount at this point of labor hours inside of our stores. We also, over the many years from really store 2019 to 2023, we've seen a 30 -- over a 30% increase in our average hourly rate as well. And so we've invested there. That's what gives us confidence that we're on the right track. We continue to make those investments where we see needed. The other investment we made this year was we added 120 additional district managers. And that's very important because, again, being an ex-district manager that I was at one point, anytime, a district manager can have less span and control or is able to get to their stores more often, they're able to teach, train, develop, and most importantly solve problems at each and every store that is either his or her responsibility. So those spans of control and reducing those is very important. That should pay dividends as we move through ‘24, as those start to take hold. So we feel good about all the investments we've made. We feel that they were appropriate. We feel that they're right on track. And right now we feel good about where we are and with everything else that we could see today baked into our guidance for the rest of the year.
Todd Vasos: Yes, we don't believe it's a permanent shift. And let me step back and say again, I believe we're doing exactly the right thing at the right time. You may recall over the years, I've always said we at Dollar General go with the consumer wants us to go, and right now, because of her finances, meaning with the inflation over the last couple years and those pressures that have come with that, this is where she needs us to be right now for her. And we doubled down on that, right? Because we need to take care of her. I believe you see in our comp for Q1 and our transaction growth in Q1 would all benefit what I just said. Meaning that consumer is resonating with that. Now, the thing I do want to point out is that all the work we did around our non-consumable initiatives, through the pandemic and even exiting the pandemic is still alive and well in our stores. And again, when the consumer needs the spend around discretionary right now, she has what she needs at Dollar General. It's proven. We see it, we see it in her spend. So we don't believe that this is a permanent shift. We believe it's temporary. How long we'll wait to see, again, the consumer will tell us that, but in the meantime, we'll go where she wants us to go. We'll have the right products for her that she needs to feed her family, take care of her family in the meantime, but at the same time continue to foster and grow that discretionary side of the business with either even more options and more value as we continue to move through this year and into the back half of the year standing ready and willing and able to serve her when she's ready to start spending more freely on that side.
Todd Vasos: And then Kelly, I'll just add on the second part of your question. Again, as I reiterated I'll reiterate, I'm sorry. As I said, we feel good about where our supply chain is right now, and as we bring little Rock Arkansas on later this year and a little closer in our Colorado DC, it'll give us even more confidence as we move forward. Matter of fact, as we also said, out of these temporary facilities that we had we we're already out of seven of those. And the remaining five will come out in 2024. And really the catalyst there will be these two facilities that we open again in Colorado and in Little Rock, Arkansas. So again, I believe that we're well on our way. The consumer is definitely telling us in all the consumer work we've done, they're also saying they're seeing the benefit of that at the shelf, meaning finding what they need more often inside Dollar General. Are we perfect yet? No, but boy, we are light years from where we were and continue to grow that in stock level inside the store. So, all systems seem green there right now, and we continue to benefit from that in stock level and that on time levels from our supply chain.
Todd Vasos: There is no doubt we're getting positive customer feedback across the board on the 9,000 and quite frankly, some of the 3,000 that we did in May. A couple of them have many of them have been for a couple weeks now. So, we're getting that feedback. It's always positive from what we're getting, the vast majority of it from our consumers because they like the interaction at the front of the store. And with that interaction then also comes having somebody at the front of the store very visible at all times, which as you recall was not always the case in 2023. So with that should come as we continue to move through ‘24, better shrink results from that action. Now, we'll watch and see what we believe those are some of those green shoots that we'll start to see even more as you move to the back half of the year and into ‘25. But the overall, reaction from the consumer is, thank you. We like the checkout with someone that we can interact with at all times at the front. That is overwhelmingly what we get. So that really gave us that confidence if you will, to take the other 3,000 and move it to an assisted lane in May from all the good work that we saw happen from the 9,000 we did earlier in the year. And again, that consumer response, which we rely on across the board for all actions that we take, because everything starts and stops with that consumer in the store.
Kelly Dilts: No, absolutely. So it takes a little while for some of that improvement to show up in our financial results, which is why we're calling it out. So we do expect to see improvement in the second half of the year and even more meaningfully into 2025 as we work through that. I think your other question was just what are we doing to work to offset any of those risks? And I'll tell you, we have a lot underway as we typically do, where our goal is always to improve margins. And so, some of the underlying drivers that we still have in place as we work through the shrink piece include DG Media network. So, looking for some meaningful contribution there. We still have private brands which generate better margins than some of the national brands, and it's certainly something that our consumer is looking for now. We have got global sourcing category management, which is just huge here at Dollar General. And certainly, a way to offset any of the risks that we see in the near term. And then of course, inventory optimization, which the team has done just a fantastic job of focusing on and finally supply chain efficiencies. Certainly, we are continuing to look for those efficiencies as we move through this year and frankly as we move through each and every year. So I think with all of those underlying drivers and just delivering on our back to basics actions on driving sales and lowering shrink, we feel good that we're strengthening that foundation for the long term and into the back half of the year.
Kelly Dilts: Yes, thanks for the question, Kate. And just to level set everyone. So we are reducing the number of new stores this year. It's by about 70 stores, and what we're going do is move them into 2025. So we feel really good about the locations that we have identified. We're just pushing them out into to 2025. And what that does is free up capital in order to increase the number of remodels and the total real estate project count that we have. So I have to tell you, we're really excited about this increase in projects with the expanded investment particularly in our mature stores. And we think this is absolutely the appropriate reallocation of capital, especially with our back-to-basics work. And so, stay tuned for 2025, but for right now, we feel really good about this reallocation.
Kelly Dilts: And just if -- as taking a look at the longer term and we talked about this just a minute ago, we're certainly doing everything with our back to basics actions to strengthen that foundation for longer term growth with driving sales and working on lowering shrink. We still feel great about the fundamentals of this business. We're growing share, we're growing traffic. We had good healthy comps. We're generating a lot of cash, so the model is absolutely intact. As we look forward, we still have a nice long way -- long runway for growth, and that that's new stores and our remodel program. So feel good about that. We feel good about generating a significant amount of cash flow and the investments that we're making in our business now as we look forward to how that will return in the future. And then of course, soon as we reach the target of our debt leverage, we'll be returning cash back to shareholders when appropriate on in the form of share repurchases. And so, given all of that, I would say that where we're at right now from an operating margin perspective, we know we have a lot of opportunity and we are always looking to improve our operating margin. You heard me talk about a lot of the longer-term levers that we have and some in the shorter term around the gross margin side of things, but we also have our save to serve approach to controlling costs, which is also a huge benefit to drive operating margin as well. So we certainly feel like we can do that from here. And I would tell you that we believe this business is going to return to a 10% to 10% plus EPS growth on an adjusted basis over the longer term.
Kelly Dilts: Yes, thanks Rupesh. I would say we are certainly pleased to be able to reiterate our guidance that we gave and to your point, it does indicate a stronger back cap and we really see the momentum of our actions on all of our back to basic work. We'll fuel that back half and looking forward to a strong top line and bottom-line growth in the back half.
Kelly Dilts: So I'll start on that with the inventory question and I'll say reducing inventory still really remains a high priority for us. So we're going to focus on reducing that per store inventory. What that does is really simplifies things both upstream in the supply chain as well as in our stores. And so, we continue to look at that as a high priority. The other piece of that is really around focusing on inventory optimization. And so, we talked a little bit last quarter about some investments that we're making in technology. Those are starting to pay dividends. And so we are really looking on how to right-size the inventory over the next 12 to 18 months from just what we're carrying in the stores and making sure that we are in a better position to serve our customers from an in stock level. We are seeing in stocks. And so we are happy to do that. And I know I've had a shout out to the team a couple of quarters now, but they have just done a fantastic job of both reducing inventory and improving our in stocks. And I'll tell you all along, we have felt really good, and Todd said this earlier about the quality of our inventory, so that's really not our issue. It's really just about getting those levels down so that they're more manageable in the store and in the DCs. And again, felt great about the decreases. Todd called out the numbers, but just to reiterate, we've got a 22.5% decline in that non-consumable inventory. Just huge there. And then, if you don't mind, I'm just going to segue a little bit into cash. One thing that we did see on the inventory management side is what that did for our cash flow. So, our cash from operations was up 247% to last year. And so this is a really important driver, not only from the operations standpoint, but also just lowering our carrying costs and being really impactful to our cash.
