Mary Winn Gordon: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. On the call today are Rick Dreiling, our Chairman and CEO; and David Tehle, our CFO. We will first go through our prepared remarks and then we will open up the call for questions. Our earnings release can be found on our website at dollargeneral.com, under Investor Information, Press Releases. Let me caution you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements about our expectations, plans, objectives, anticipated financial and operating results and other non-historical matters. Some examples of forward-looking statements discussed in this call include our 2013 forecasted financial results and anticipated capital expenditures, our planned operating and merchandising initiatives for fiscal 2013, expected ongoing share repurchases and future consumer economic trends. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statement are included in our earnings release issued this morning; our 2012 10-K, which we filed on March 25; our first quarter 10-Q, which was filed this morning; and in the comments that are made on this call. We encouraged you to read these. You should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today's date. Dollar General disclaims any obligation to update or revise any information discussed in this call. We will also reference certain financial measures not derived in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in this morning's earnings release, which I mentioned is posted on dollargeneral.com. This information is not a substitute for any GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Rick. 
Mary Winn Gordon: And Paul, that business that Rick is talking about is only about 2% of our total when he talks about hanging apparels. And do keep that in mind. 
Mary Winn Gordon: Well, with it -- Dutch, it's Mary Winn. With the update on our guidance, where we just updated to that 4 to 5, I think you -- we said we had a solid start to the quarter, so you would start to see some acceleration there. 
Mary Winn Gordon: All right. Operator, I think we're at the top of the hour. So with that, we will conclude our call. Thank you very much for your interest in Dollar General. Emma Jo and I are around all day. I know we're leaving a few people in the queue, and I do apologize on that, but please feel free to give us a call. And we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you. 
Richard Dreiling: Thank you, Mary Winn. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. As we shared with you at the time of our fourth quarter conference call, we expected the first quarter of 2013 to be our most difficult quarter, given the well-publicized tough weather comps, payroll tax increases and sales headwinds from the tax refund delays. With the first quarter behind us, we've updated our outlook to reflect the revised sales estimate and gross margin compression. The continued mix shift within consumables to lower-margin items without the benefit of sales of higher-margin non-consumables and higher inventory shrink are the key drivers of our gross margin performance. This revised view of sales and gross margin has tempered the high end of our earnings outlook. I still believe our sales ramp will come later in the year as we look forward to same -- sales growth of 4% to 5% for 2013, and we continue to have long-term opportunities for growth. David will provide more details on our financial results in a moment, but I wanted to share just a few highlights from the quarter. Our total sales increased 8.5% over last year to a record $4.2 billion. Same-store sales grew 2.6%, with both traffic and average ticket increasing for the 21st consecutive quarter. They characterize the shape of the quarter with a U shape, with February and the back half of April sales much stronger than March as we felt the most significant weather impact, and we were lapping a double-digit comp increase in that month. Adjusted operating profit increased 3% to $396 million, or 9.4% of sales. And adjusted net income increased 8% to $232 million. Adjusted earnings -- EPS increased 13% to $0.71 per share. For the quarter, sales growth was healthy across our consumable categories. It's my belief that the best way to judge the health of a retailer for this quarter is based on the strength of his core business. For us, that would be our consumable business, and we delivered a strong same-store sales improvement in this category. However, our non-consumable or discretionary categories were soft during the quarter as sales of seasonal merchandise and apparel were impacted by the weather. Given the positive trends we experienced in non-consumables in 2012, it's noteworthy that every non-consumable category had a negative comp in the first quarter. Even so, we're pleased with the sell-through of our holiday seasonal merchandise, including Valentine's Day and Easter. While we expected spring and summer seasonal sales to be soft given the cooler weather patterns over the quarter compared to a near-perfect weather in the prior year, we had expected total discretionary sales to recover more significantly than they did in April and, quite honestly, at a faster pace. Although our consumable categories did pick up nicely in April, we did not see a similar recovery in our discretionary categories. Like other retail CEOs you have heard from this quarter, I don't like to talk about the weather, but the impact on our business. However, we believe it was a factor in our discretionary business. Overall, when the weather improved across the region, we saw a positive impact with improved sales. For example, it's been easier to be a district manager in Texas or Florida, where we have had better weather, as compared to the Northeast and the Midwest, where the weather has not been in our favor. I'll talk more about our operating initiatives in the moment, but now I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Fair, fair question, Meredith. What I'm looking at right now is, literally, where we stand today, having looked back on the quarter and thinking about how things are going. We have said for a period of time that the non-consumable side of the business is going to need just a little bit of help from the economy, I believe. We made some solid progress in 2012, but as I look across 2000 -- the first quarter of 2013, when we came out of that trough in March, I had anticipated that the non-consumable side would accelerate at a faster pace as we move through April. And we didn't see that, albeit we are seeing it improve as we are moving through May and June, but still not at the rate that I thought it would at this stage of the game. The other thing I want to talk a little bit on the margin side, why there's still opportunities in warehouse and transportation and category management and sourcing, I want to talk a little bit about what I think has happened in our quest to be a little more relevant to the customer out there. As we moved through the back part of last year and into the first part of this year, we began to expand our SKU base to include more and more national brand items, and those national brand items historically carry a little bit lower margin than our private brands, and we began to give the customer more alternatives to our private brand offering. We historically have been about good and best, or good and better when you look at our product assortment. And now, we're a little bit more good, better and best, having given more alternatives to the consumer. And let me give you a perfect example here. Six months ago, we carried the private brand version of Claritin in a 12-count, a 24-count and a 36-count, and we only carried Claritin in the 24. So if you wanted less than 24, you bought our private brands. And if you wanted more, you bought our private brands. Now we have -- the customer has their option across all 6 SKUs. And we inadvertently, in our zest to be a little more relevant, allowed the customer to be able to trade down on the margin on the -- in the consumable side of the business. I think the other thing, in our quest to be a little more relevant, we've added more high-value SKUs. And while they're selling, they're putting a little more pressure on the shrink side of the ledger, and that's this idea that while units are down, our shrink is up. So I think that we've made a lot of progress. I think, as I look at the margin we move through the year, we're going to continue to tweak that, and I think it's going to take us a couple -- 3 quarters to get -- to make that rebound. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. We actually -- much like a lot of the other major retailers out there, we have been looking down the road on this for 6 or 7 months. And our inventory on the non-consumable side is very healthy. It's not like we have an issue there that's going to sneak up on us. 
Richard Dreiling: Another very fair question. I think the competitive environment, like the last quarter, is relatively stable. I think very much like the last quarter, I think share of voice, people are competing for. There's more radio out there and more TV out there, more pages and ads, but the pricing in all of those vehicles is very rational right now. 
Richard Dreiling: We are as excited about the returns on our new stores. The speed at which they ramp up, Meredith, as I was 5 years ago when I first talked to you about it. 
Richard Dreiling: I think that we still have lots of room in lots of different areas. David, I think as we tweak what's going on in the stores in terms of the SKU base, I think that's opportunity. David, I think in terms of private brands and... 
Richard Dreiling: I do think, Deb, the low-hanging fruit is gone. I think as we move through the next few years, it's going to -- we're going to have to be a little more thoughtful, a little more precise on how we get it. But I think the opportunities are still there. 
Richard Dreiling: I think the competitive environment is very stable. Like I said, it's not like we're picking up -- coming to work one day and someone's got great big ad. I think there's more pages, more radio as people are trying to make sure that consumers are there. In terms of the macroenvironment, I think the pressure that exists on customers is universe-ed across all of retailing. I think there's -- we talk about -- there's a lot more people who have an income under $50,000 a year than those that have an income of over $100,000. And I think the environment, while the governmental regulation -- there's not as much noise as there was a couple of quarters ago, and I actually feel better about the environment that our customer is in. We went through the Memorial Day weekend without a big spike in gasoline prices. I think that's a very positive thing for us. And I think structurally, in terms of the business, I tell you, I feel as good about Dollar General today as I've felt in a long time. We got a lot of work done in the first quarter. And I think it's fair to say that maybe we might even have bit off a little more than we could have chewed -- should have chewed in the first quarter. But we are -- as my chief merchant is fond of saying, our guns are loaded. And we're looking really, really, really hard at 2, 3 and 4. 
Richard Dreiling: Our -- where we stand as of this morning is smack dab middle of the range that we've given you, the guidance range. 
Richard Dreiling: Paul, that's a very fair question. It's too soon yet. While I've got the cigarettes installed in 10,000 stores, we haven't really reached the stage of the game where I'm selling them there yet. I'll give you some update on where we are in the margin on cigarettes as we get through the next quarterly call. But right now, there's no reason to think that there's any -- anything out of the ordinary. 
Richard Dreiling: That's a very fair question. My view on it would be -- is their wallet tight?  I think that -- when I look at our home or I look at our apparel, I think it's fair to say we have incredibly good days. And you'll have it for 2 or 3 days, and then it'll swing the other way. And I think what's going on is our consumer is finally realizing that the work that we've done on home and apparel, that we're giving them a pretty quality product at a fabulous everyday low price. And I've said for a period of time, we're going to have to sell them that that's good quality stuff, and it's taking a little bit longer than we thought. And I think you couple that, if we could get a little help from the economy and -- I think we could get that business performing at a little bit better level. I will say this, Paul, and I've said this for a long period of time and people get tired of hearing about it: we need to keep that side of the ledger. We like that side of the ledger. Obviously, there will be tweaks to it down the road, but we really like the non-consumable business, and we think we need it overall for the margin. 
Richard Dreiling: Our new stores are actually -- we're still pretty bullish on the home side, but our new stores are rolling out with an adjustment to the commitment in apparel. That is correct. And we have done that through all of 2012 and into '13. 
Richard Dreiling: Actually, number one, we don't want to confuse adjusting apparel with adjusting all of non-consumables. The apparel -- particularly when I talk of apparel, I'm talking about hanging apparel. We have a solid undergarment business, a solid sock business. And I think as you look at -- what we're working on is not adjusting the sales down, doing a better job of managing our sell-through. That's what we're trying to do, is maximize the margin out of those items. 
Richard Dreiling: I would call it discretionary inside the HBA category. So think in terms of a high-dollar eyeliner. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. As I've said, we've already got 2,600 stores installed. And you have to install them, then you have to go through the shrink cycle to see what happens. And I'm very pleased with the progress we've made on that particular effort. 
Richard Dreiling: I would rather not get into that. I will tell you this: as hard as we're working on shrink, the number is still better than it was in 2007 when we started our initiative. So there's -- but I will say there's room for improvement. 
Richard Dreiling: I don't want to really get into that. But I will tell you, it is improving. All right? And again, you've got to remember, I'm not -- I don't want to -- all I can look at is where I am today. And like I said, it is improving. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I would tell you, the warmer market that haven't been impacted by the weather, our discretionary sales, particularly spring and summer, are just fine. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Actually, I think the answer to that is yes to both. We are going to further expand our private brand presence again this year as we have in the past. But Colin, to be honest with you, we're going to rationalize some of the SKUs that we've put in. And the merchants have a plan to sell it down versus -- it's good merchandise here, and we feel that we can adjust that assortment and tighten it up as we move through the fourth quarter. 
Richard Dreiling: That's a very fair question, and I do prefer the word "adjust" versus even "unwind." Okay? Just adjusted. You got to remember, what we're talking about here is not eliminating the brand. It's eliminating sizes that give the customer a choice. So you're still going to be irrelevant in that you're going to have the national brands, we just don't want to offer as many alternatives in terms of size. That's all. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I mean, I think -- I mean, you're asking me to look pretty far out here, and you have to take into account the competitive situation, the environment you're in. But, Ed, I do fall back to -- I believe we've got one of the robust -- the most robust category management programs in place here. And the beauty about category management, it's all about puts and takes, and you're constantly moving around, doing what's right for the business and right for the margin. I think in terms of sourcing, I think there's still a tremendous opportunity there, particularly when the non-consumable side of the business starts to gain a little traction again. The private brand business for us, we continue to be amazed at the number of items we can add. Distribution and transportation, I have to say, our sourcing team continues to surprise us on how they can cube out a truck and cut back on stem miles. I see no reason for that to abate. Yes, another distribution center coming online toward the first quarter of next year that I think will do, again, give us opportunity to help on the margin. And shrink, I have to say, I've been doing this for a long period of time. Even before our shrink went a little sideways a couple of quarters ago, I -- we still saw room for improvement there, as good as we've done and as far as we've come. And the thing about shrink, it's just not a straight line to the top. It -- you do really well for a period of time, and then you kind of have to realign everything and get after it. So I will tell you that my view is, as I look out down the road, I feel as good about our ability to manage the margin in the future as I do today. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. Hey, Mark, there's no doubt that store manager turnover and shrink, there is a direct correlation. Right? And there's also a direct correlation to store standards and customer service. Our store manager turnover at the conclusion of the first quarter approved yet again and was down from the previous year. Store manager turnover in retail to me usually runs in the mid- to high-20s, and we're rapidly getting into that, getting towards that number. I do think the advantage that we have with our store managers today, as I look at it over the last -- particularly the last 5 years, is -- my view is the quickest way to a store manager's heart is through their wallet. And the company has performed very well, and we're paying out bonuses better, much better than they've been in the past. So I look at the store manager turnover in 2012 as the best it's been in 5 years. It is not -- has not changed. And I think we're going to be able to hold on to them. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think the -- well, by the way, I agree with you. Tobacco is a very different -- difficult category. We have said that -- there is one good thing about tobacco, why usage goes down every year. The manufacturer increases the cost, which we turn around and then tax increases that we pass on to the consumer. So there is a built-in comp there. The comp we're looking at right now, as we've said, will be about the same as beer and wine for 2012. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, good question. The core customer for us in terms of the amount of our sales that they are generating remains as consistent as it's been the last 3 or 4 years. There is no evidence at this time that there's a change with the trade-down customer or the trade-in customer. I have not seen anything that indicates that. I can tell you -- you do your market research, John, with the customer about every year. The last time we did that, which was probably 3 or 4 months ago, there was no indication from the higher demographic that if the economy got significantly better, that they were going to trade out of the channel. And again, though, it's too soon for me to tell you that as we begin to move through the year. But right now, the fastest-growing customer segment we still have is that customer that's around $7,000 -- $50,000 to $70,000 a year, which is above the income of our core customer. 
Richard Dreiling: And, Dutch, I'd like to throw in -- my personal contribution of the inventory growth is the in-stock initiatives, that we're very committed to being in stock, and that's creating a little bit of growth, too. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. The first thing I'd like to say, Dan -- and by the way, it's very -- another very fair question. First thing I'd like to say is you're talking about Adrian Jones, Mike and Raj. And I would just like to say, the value they've added to that Board of Directors over the last 5 years has just been -- it's been sensational. It's been great working with them. As we move through the course of the year, it's fair to say we'll need to step back and take a look at that. We just recently elected them for another year. And I think as we move through the year, we'll take a look at that. Now I have asked Mike Calbert, who I believe to be one of the best business partners I've had, to stay on as lead director. And he has agreed to that. But then we'll work our way through the other 2 seats as we move through the year. 
Richard Dreiling: Yes, Dan. I think that -- and again, I think that's, again, a quality question here. I think that -- I've always prided myself on being incredibly transparent and calling it like I see it when I see it. And we moved into March knowing that it was going to be tough period. And we didn't fare through it as well as we thought we would, but the thing that we did see is when we came out of March -- and by the way, in March, we were up against a double-digit comp from the previous year. We didn't see April catch as fast as we thought it was going to. In fact, we went through a couple of weeks in April before the sales started to accelerate. And what we have noticed over the course of the last few weeks is, no doubt, a shift that's taking place within consumables, as well as the non-consumable side. And while we are better off in non-consumables today than where we were in the first quarter, we're still not where we want to be. And I thought it was prudent since a 4 to 5 comp is still a -- which I think is a pretty healthy comp to stand up to, I thought it was prudent to just tell you what I was thinking. In regards to the margin, while you're seeing that mix, that mix change in non-consumables, you're -- excuse me, you're also seeing a mix change in consumables and the customers gravitating into a lower-margin national brand item. And we haven't seen a lot of that before. And again, that comes back to -- I think we were a little overzealous in adding SKUs in there. 
Richard Dreiling: No, I had -- I don't want to incur that we're seeing bad numbers. What I'm seeing is as we move through March, we started to see a change in the purchasing pattern of the customer. Our traffic's great, the basket is great, it's just what they're buying is just a little bit different. And we also thought that we would see more progress on the shrink side of the ledger. And it's proving to be a little bit more difficult. And again, that's why we're -- that's how we're -- that's why we're looking at that. So... 
Richard Dreiling: Yes. I think as I look at Phase 5, it's HBA, but it's also some grocery -- consumable items, too. Think in terms of paper, in terms of the chemical side of the business. We do particularly good in candy and snacks. So there is the non -- the consumable as well as the HBA. I will tell you, those stores that have been completed, and it's awfully soon to tell, the consumer has to find the product, realize it's there, but they're already running 1% above what they were trending and continuing to improve on that. So we feel pretty good about that, that group of stores. 
David Tehle: Yes, I think you look at category management, sourcing, private brands, distribution, transportation and now, ironically, with a bigger opportunity in shrink because it's going a little bit the wrong way. So I think short-term, clearly, as we look at 2013, we don't see ourselves going up in margin, and we've put that into our guidance. But as we look out over the next 5 years, absolutely, we still believe there's opportunity to expand our operating margins. 
David Tehle: No. I think we're pretty close to what we had talked about before. We always saw ourselves in our guidance leveraging SG&A to the prior year. I will say, in first quarter, we were very impressed with that 37 basis points on a 2.6 comp, as that was beyond -- generally, we guide to a 3 to 3.5 comp. But we definitely have leverage planned in our guidance on SG&A through the back half of the year. But again, I don't think there's anything too unusual about it. 
David Tehle: I think if you look at it and you're trying to compare it to where -- last year versus this year on those items, tobacco is the largest one, again, compared to last year. I'm not talking about how we updated our guidance, I'm just talking about raw numbers last year versus this year. Mix would be the second one, and again, that would be the mix within consumables, as we've mentioned, going to some lower sales more in the lower-margin consumables. And then the discretionary, the non-consumable being less, the mix piece that that makes up. And then the last factor would be shrink. 
David Tehle: Yes. We -- again, in terms of our capital allocation, we remain committed to investing in the business. It's our #1 priority, opening stores. And again, we reiterated the 635 store openings as our guidance for 2013. We'll invest in the infrastructure to support that store growth because we are a growth story. And then stock buy back is, of course, our next usage of cash. We became investment grade, as you know, relatively recently with Moody's. We already were with S&P. It takes about a 3.0 debt-to-EBITDAR ratio, somewhere in that vicinity, in terms of maintaining that investment-grade rating. That's very important to us. So really, if you look at the quarter, the $20 million of stock that we brought back was pretty much in line with staying at that 3.0 on the debt to EBITDAR. 
David Tehle: Yes. I think as we look at our business long term, clearly, being investment grade is important to us. And that 3.0 is what drives that. Now I will say, on our last call, we mentioned that if there are circumstances in the debt or equity markets, changes that we deem it'd be prudent for us to temporarily increase or decrease our debt levels, we may do so. And I just want to reiterate that. Again, that was in on our last conference call. But clearly, on a long-term basis, we are targeting investment grade and targeting net debt to EBITDAR of 3.0. 
David Tehle: Well, we don't give guidance on working capital. But I can talk a little bit about what happened in the quarter, particularly on accounts payable. A chunk of that was related to tobacco. We had a lot of receipts come in in tobacco, as I'm sure you're aware, as we are stocking stores. And the terms on tobacco are very, very, very, quick in terms of how you have to pay it. And so that was probably the biggest thing. And then we had a few more perishables come in, beer and wine, things of that nature. And again, those tend to be items that have quick payment terms. I think that was probably the biggest issue in the quarter, with tobacco being the biggest single issue. 
David Tehle: Yes. Let me take a shot at that. Again, as we look at our guidance for the year, the biggest factors -- now we're talking of the change in terms of what changed from the last guidance, different from comparing to last year that we talked about previously, if you talk abut the change, clearly, the mix issue is the biggest issue we're looking at, the mix of sales to consumable and then the mix within the consumables category to the lower-margin items. And it's just the way we're calling it. To answer your question, for the rest of the year in terms of what we're looking at, we're seeing -- we see that skewing differently than when we did our guidance previously in March. And then additionally, we mentioned shrink, and shrink is planned to be worse for the rest of year. And again, that's a new development that we didn't have when we did our guidance in March. We actually thought we'd see improvement in shrink if we got to the end of the year. And we don't see that anymore. And unfortunately, the way shrink works -- a lot of things we're doing that will clearly help us, but the probability of those impacting this year is pretty remote. That's probably going to be more likely to impact 2014. 
David Tehle: Sure. If we look at our inventories for the quarter, our turns were 5.0 in the quarter. If we look at the increase, as you mentioned, we were up about 14%, which is higher than we'd like to be. We added new items in 2012 that rolled over. And then as Rick mentioned, we did a lot of planogram work in first quarter. We pushed a lot of the things we would have done later in the year into first quarter to get a head start on it. So with those planogram shifts, we brought in more inventory. And then certainly, as you mentioned, we had the tobacco inventory that came in in one fell swoop and hit us. Keep in mind, as we look at our inventory, the vast majority of the increase that we have is in our core inventory, and a large piece of that is in our consumable side of the house overall. As we look at inventory for the year, and we mentioned this last time, we see the inventory staying pretty close to where it is short term. But then as we get to the back half of the year, seeing improvement in terms of the inventory growth versus the sales growth and getting more in line with sales growth, i.e., inventory growing closer to the rate that we see sales growing. So that's how we're calling it right now. 
