Todd Vasos: Thank you, Mary Winn, and welcome to everyone joining our call. As we noted in our press release, we had a very good start to the year and are pleased with our results. For the first quarter, the team executed well as we were keenly focused on ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of every aspect of our business. Let's recap some of the highlights for the first quarter of 2016 as compared to the 2015 period. First quarter sales increased 7% to $5.3 billion. We delivered same-store sales growth of 2.2% for the quarter, and in an environment where many retailers struggled, we delivered good performance. Same-store sales growth was positive for both consumables and non-consumables, with growth stronger across our consumable categories. Growth in non-consumables was due to seasonal and home products. For the 33rd consecutive quarter, we increased both our customer traffic and average ticket year-over-year. Gross margin expanded by 16 basis points to 30.6%.  We leveraged selling, general and administrative expenses by 26 basis points as our zero-based budget initiatives started to contribute to our results. Operating profit increased 12% with operating profit margin expansion of 42 basis points. Net income in the first quarter increased 17% to $295 million. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share increased 23% to $1.03, including a $0.03 benefit from a lower tax rate, which John will discuss later.  During the quarter, we returned over $300 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 2.7 million shares of common stock and the payment of a quarterly dividend.  In the first quarter, we made notable progress against our key initiatives for 2016. As I will discuss in more detail a bit later in the call, the team has done a great job of developing compelling initiatives across merchandising, store operations and supply chain to help drive our business in 2016 and for the long term. Additionally, we continue to grow transaction and item units in syndicated share data for the quarter. In the most recent syndicated data, we experienced relatively consistent mid-single-digit growth in both units and dollar share for the 4-, 12-, 24- and 52-week periods.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to John to go through more details of the quarter. 
Todd Vasos: We are still evaluating right now all the different options. As you can imagine, we've been working very, very diligently over the course of the last few months in anticipation of the regulation. And now that we have the actual regulation, we're actually refining that so that we can insure that we, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, really take care of our employees, our customers and our shareholders alike. But the one good thing that you know about Dollar General, particularly, and retail in general is that we have a lot of levers at our disposal, Stephen, to really take a look at how we can mitigate a lot of what may be an expense here to us. But again, we're looking at it and we're going to do that exact right thing for our employees, customers and our shareholders. Stay tuned, we'll give you more clarity as we get a little closer to December 1. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, when you look at it, Stephen, we still have a pretty large opportunity for our global sourcing efforts and we've been working very diligently over the last many years. We just opened our -- an office, a new office in Mainland China. We continue to open satellite offices, really, all over the globe, and the opportunity is still a very big. I could tell you that when we started this journey 8 years ago to really look at exactly how much opportunity we had, we always weighted that depending on also where the consumer was going. And we still think that the consumer is looking for national brands in a lot cases, but also great value in our private brand offerings, which really goes toward that -- goes toward that import piece. So we think we still have a tremendous amount opportunity, and we're working that each and every day overseas. And we feel very, very good about that as we go into the rest of this year and then into the long haul here. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Peter, that's a great question. As we look at it, and we've done, as I indicated, many different scenarios, and I can tell you that none of those scenarios are even close to that $90 million, substantially less. And that's exactly what we're working on now is to get that impact down even further and looking at every lever that we have in our business to make sure we can lessen that impact. But we think it's much, much less than the number that you just indicated and with a big opportunity to lower it even further. The great thing about this business, we have a lot of flexibility. As John indicated, we're hitting on all of the elements of the growth model. And we feel that, in fact, as we look out longer term, we definitely have the ability to offset a lot of the pressure that this may put on that SG&A line. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So as you look at shrink, and I do want to say, over the long haul, we feel good about where we're headed with shrink and all of the initiatives that we have in place to continue to reduce our shrink, and it is our #1 gross margin opportunity. In saying that, though, we did see a little bit of an uptick in Q1, and the majority of it was really due to our on-shelf availability efforts, to be honest with you. And we like the trade-off right now. We're not happy with it, we're looking at ways to mitigate that exposure on shrink. But what we felt that was even more compelling was to make sure that the customer, when they came in our store, had the product they needed on the shelf to purchase, and that was really the key driver. But rest assured that our operating team and our merchant marketing teams are working very, very hard, along with supply chain, to reduce that shrink number as we go forward. We still have a lot of levers to pull, still putting a lot of defensive merchandising tools and other tools for our district managers and our store managers to be able to monitor shrink even closer to the actual event. So we feel good about the long term, but still need to continue to work hard. And I dare to say that in the years to come, we'll always be talking about shrink, because that's just the nature of this business. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Dan, when you -- when we looked and we put this algorithm together, we felt very confident over the long term that we could stay within those guardrails of 2% to 4%. And the initiatives that are just now rolling out in 2016, the majority of them are just now starting to roll out and will continue to roll out in Q2 and into Q3 and start to come to fruition even greater in the Q3 and Q4. And then as I indicated, we're further along on our strategic planning right now than we've been in the last 8 years here. And that gives me great solace that as we continue to move into '17 and beyond that there'll be a very robust initiative going forward to drive that top line. So we're very confident in the 2% to 4%. And there will be ebb and flow in there, but we feel that we have all the initiatives we need to make sure we deliver that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, when you look at our core consumer today, she's always under pressure as I indicated. Her income and her spending rates are usually under pressure. The great thing about our model is we do very well in either of those 2 scenarios, where she has a little bit more money, she spends a little bit more on those nonconsumable goods. And when she doesn't have as much, she may pull back there, but then utilizes us more on consumable and everyday staples that she knows she can get at an everyday low price. And the great thing that just came out of the segmentation work, Dan, that we're really encouraged about is this millennial shopper that's already making up about 24% of our sales line. And as we continue to learn more about her over time and be able to service her better, we, again, feel confident on that sales line and be able to deliver that as we move forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, the cadence of the quarter really worked exactly like we thought it was going to work. With the shift of Easter into the second period March out of the third, which was April last year, obviously, March was a better month than April. And -- but when you looked at February, March and April combined, the cadence was exactly the way we had anticipated it coming into the fiscal year. So while there's always weather and different phenomenons that happen, we've got a lot of great initiatives here to continue to try to ensure that we capitalize on whatever those phenomenons are, and we felt that we did a pretty good job here in Q1. 
Todd Vasos: So as we look at pricing overall, macro, so taking into account mass, grocery and drug, we see still a very rational pricing that's happening in the marketplace today. In saying that, there's always retailers that at times will try different things. But the one great thing about our robust pricing model that we have here, we check prices every 2 weeks on our top items. And we also, every quarter, check it on the full book so we know exactly where we stand. And we, today, feel very confident in the where we sit on pricing, and if we see folks moving, you'll see us move because this is all about ensuring that we continue to drive units out of our stores, and of course, drive traffic into our stores. So anywhere that we may see where we need to be sharper on price, we'll take that action. and the great thing about Dollar General is, again, we've got the levers to enable us to do that. And so when we look at this, we also look at it from the standpoint that our vendors help us a lot as well. We're in the top 10 of all CPG companies out there, and quite frankly, we're in the top 5 of the majority of them. And that gives us great partnership with our vendor community that enables us to insure we're right priced any time we need to be. 
Todd Vasos: I didn't say we didn't see anything. I did say that we have taken -- we will continue to take appropriate action when we do see it, and rest assured we have and will continue to do that if we see any retailer moving on price that we feel that our consumer, because she looks to us to be a leader there as well, and we'll make sure we do everything we have to do to get keeping units moving through the box. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Dan, we watch this very closely. And as you know, Dollar General pretty well, we don't do anything that doesn't have a return attached to it. And we don't just shelf it after we roll it out, we really monitor and watch. So what I could tell you is that we're very pleased on all levels from our price or -- excuse me, our labor investments into these stores. Now over the time, we have, over the course of the last few months, we've taken some stores off of that and we've added additional new stores onto it depending on those returns. And we'll continue to do that, so we'll always continue to add new stores if we see the need and the benefit that will be there. But we also will take stores off if we see that the benefit is not meeting or exceeding our expectations or they don't need it any longer for whatever other reason. But we continue to really like what we see here and looking at ways we can continue to expand that as we go forward. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So we've -- this is really new for us still, right. We've got 45 stores up and running. We've got approximately 80 planned in total to be opened by the end of the fiscal year. And so as you can imagine, we are out looking now on, because we're very happy with what we see so far, is where those next stores will be as we go into '17 and beyond. But again, because of the nature of it, one being in these more metropolitan type areas, and then secondly, in these very rural areas, we got our arms around pretty close about how big that is. We're not really going to say exactly how big it is, because what we're doing is making sure that we can refine the model appropriately with, again, only 45 open, but we've got a good idea. The important thing here is we are concentrating a lot, though, in those rural areas, where there is only room for one store. And that's why you see us moving very quickly in a lot of cases with our growth of 900 stores this year and up to 1,000 next year. And a lot of those areas are in these towns or even crossroads that can only support one retailer. And I sure would rather it be Dollar General and that's how we're going about this. So we're moving pretty quickly there and feel good about where that pipeline is for 2017 already. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. When you look at it, the consumer is probably about the same as they were coming out of Q4, to be honest with you. We're seeing about the same trends. There was no doubt that she is still watching what she spends. But again, that's the nature of our core consumer, and she is always looking for the ability to make sure she can deliver to her family at the lowest price. And so that's what we're concentrated on mainly is to ensure that we've got the right item at the right price at the right time for her, and we've been delivering that. But the consumer right now, overall, I would tell you, back to work for the most part, probably feeling a little bit more confident, but -- and spending at little bit more on her nonconsumables, and we're still seeing our nonconsumable growth but still being cautious. So we look at that as an opportunity for us, especially for fill in. Because if she is cautious, that stock-up trip is not always in her eyesight, if you will, and at times, she maybe a little bit more reticent to stock up and a little bit free-er to fill in. And again, with our offering and our prices, we offer a compelling reason to come to Dollar General when she does that. 
Todd Vasos: When we -- the nice thing about Dollar General and our category management system that we put together years ago, we have a very robust category management process that looks at each year every single category and then every item -- with only 10,000 SKUs, it's a little easier, every item within those categories, and we adjust each and every year, depending on the -- where the consumer is going, whether it's her economic condition or her attitude and how she feels about her economic condition. We're able to move left and right, if you will. Now in saying that, at times, we do need reduce items inside of our store and reduce square footage on some categories and then increase others. So this time, this year, we really worked hard to increase our perishables, our health and beauty areas, our party and stationery areas. And in many cases, a lot of the reductions were coming out of a mix of both consumable and nonconsumable areas. I think I gave an example before, but right now, the -- a lot of the dry cereal business is in a secular decline. So what we do there is we reduce some square footage so we can increase square footage of other dry grocery areas. So we're very attuned to what is happening in the marketplace, and the great thing about us is we're very nimble and we're able to take advantage of that very quickly. 
Todd Vasos: Again, when you look at it, the quarter ended up exactly the way we thought it would from a shape perspective, exactly the way we planned it. And again, we really feel confident long term, and we look at this long term, that in fact we have the initiatives in place and we have the strategic planning already moving forward to ensure that we can keep those comps moving as we go through this year and in the years to come. So again, we're confident in that 2% to 4%, that guard rail that we've put up, and we want to just continue to move through that. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, so when we look at it, keep in mind, today, we've got fresh fruits and vegetables in about 160 of our market stores today. And so we've been in this business for a while. We understand it. We know what the sales and margin levers look like there. In these stores that we're talking about, these 160 or so, and we internally call them Dollar General Plus stores because they have a larger expansion on coolers, on perishables already, but now the introduction of fresh fruits and vegetables will be a nice addition. But keep in mind, this will be just limited amount of SKUs. So this will not be like a market store, where we have a lot of different SKUs. This will be a core 10, 12-item type of an arrangement right now, where some of the basics, right, apples, bananas, oranges, onions, tomatoes, those types of things. But really, what [Audio Gap] to do is address what that consumer is looking for. They're looking for fresh opportunities. And for us to be able to give her that at a very convenient time in her shop, and again, we're very convenient based, we think it's the right thing and we're able to leverage our market stores and the cost profile we have from those stores into these. So we feel good about the where our costs will be, retails will be and what our profitability will be on that. It will be a small piece of the business, though. This is not meant to be a big driver of sales, but it's meant to be a driver of traffic. 
John Garratt: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. As Todd has taken you through the highlights of our first quarter, I'll share more details on the rest of the financial results, starting with gross profit. Gross profit for the first quarter was $1.6 billion or 30.6% of sales, an increase of 16 basis points from last year's first quarter. The most significant drivers were higher initial inventory markups and reduced transportation costs, partially attributable to lower fuel rates. This was in part offset by a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which have a lower gross profit rate than non-consumables, increased inventory shrink and higher markdown.  SG&A expense decreased by 26 basis points over the 2015 quarter to $1.1 billion or 21.5% of sales in the first quarter. The majority of the SG&A decrease was due to lower utilities costs, administrative payroll, incentive compensation, travel expenses, workers' compensation costs and advertising costs as well as higher volume of customer cash-back transactions resulting in increased convenience fees paid to the company. Partially offsetting these items were our retail labor investments and occupancy costs, each of which increased at a rate greater than the increase in sales.  Our zero-based budgeting initiatives contributed to our robust results. This process leverages our cultural heritage of thrift and further solidifies our leadership as a low-cost operator. We implemented zero-based budgeting proactively and thoughtfully as we developed our fiscal 2016 budget using 3 filters: the customer, our strategic priorities and risk mitigation. The team is now actively working on a pipeline of additional future savings opportunities across the company.  Moving down the income statement. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.4% as compared to 37.7% in the first quarter last year. As we detailed in our press release, the effective income tax rate was lower in the first quarter of this year due primarily to early adoption of amendment to existing guidance for employee share-based payment accounting and the recognition of incremental benefits from the Work Opportunity Tax Credit. The income tax benefit of the employee share-based payment accounting change in the quarter was approximately $9 million or $0.03 per diluted share. Because the majority of our stock-based awards typically vest in the first quarter, we do not expect this accounting amendment impact to recur to this degree over the balance of the year. As you may recall, the WOTC was retroactively reenacted in the fourth quarter of 2015, which resulted in a significant portion of our 2015 annual benefit being recorded at that time. Due to Congress approving the WOTC through 2019, we will be able to recognize greater amounts of each quarter's benefit in the respective quarter in which it is earned.  Now to our balance sheet and cash flow. At quarter end, merchandise inventories were $3.07 billion, up 8% in total and 2% on a per-store basis. We believe our inventory is in great shape and we are comfortable with the quality. Our longer-term goal continues to be inventory growth in line with our sales growth. We generated cash from operations of $404 million in the quarter, an increase of 9% or $34 million compared to the first quarter of 2015.  During the quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of our common stock for $231 million and paid a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per common share outstanding, totaling $71 million. From December 2011 through the first quarter of 2016, we repurchased $3.8 billion or 64.7 million shares of our common stock. As of the end of the first quarter, the remaining share repurchase authorization was approximately $693 million. We remain committed to a disciplined capital allocation strategy to create lasting value for our shareholders. Our first priority remains investing in new stores and the infrastructure to support our store growth, while our second priority is to return cash to shareholders through anticipated dividends and share repurchases. Underlying our capital allocation strategy is our goal to maintain our investment-grade rating by managing to a leverage ratio of approximately 3x adjusted debt to EBITDA.  In closing, we feel really good about delivering a strong first quarter. We remain committed to focusing on profitable growth, reinvesting in our business and capturing cost savings through our zero-based budgeting program.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Todd. 
John Garratt: Well, I'll start by saying we're very pleased indeed with the Q1 results as we delivered on all elements of the growth model. But bear in mind that growth model is a long-term model and what we're really focused on is putting the actions in place to drive that model for the long term, and we have a lot of great actions in place. We feel great about real estate. We're on track to open 900 units this year and over, as Todd mentioned, over 50% full the pipeline to open 1,000 next year. And the great thing here is the economics are as compelling as ever. We continue to see our IRRs exceed our 20% target, continue to see a payback less than 2 years. Sales are indexing above expectations. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, a lot of exciting things with sales comps in terms of product assortment, store formats, operating initiatives that will be fully -- many of them will be fully implemented as we get into the back half of the year and should gain momentum. And then on operating profit, as evidenced by the Q1 results, the team is very effectively managing all the levers to deliver that 42 basis points of expansion with growth in both gross margin and SG&A. And the newest lever, zero-based budgeting, we're really seeing that start to contribute very rapidly and really become ingrained in the fabric in which we operate here. And then lastly, we feel great about the amount of cash that this business continues to kick off, allowing us to reinvest in this low-risk, high-return new unit growth and the structure to support it, while continuing to pay a competitive, and over time, growing dividend as well as consistent robust share repurchases. So the model is working great. We think that's evidenced by the Q1 results and feel great about the long-term impact of this and the ability to continue improving it. 
John Garratt: Well, I'll start by saying we feel great by the progress of zero-based budgeting thus far and we're very pleased to be able to leverage SG&A 26 basis points at that comp, which, yes, as you indicated, was even better than the 2.5% to 3% that we'd indicated previously, which had come down from the previous 3.5% level. With that said, there were some -- there was some timing in there, there was some benefit from mild weather that helped, but -- utilities. But all in all, we are off to a great start on zero-based budgeting. It's really taking hold, it's contributing very quickly, and I'll say it's also really becoming ingrained in the fabric of how we operate. And I see people of all levels of the organization now looking at everything they do through the lens of zero-based budgeting and the filters we've talked about, with the customer, our strategic priorities, risk management and looking at things in terms of return on investment. So I'd characterize it by very strong contribution from zero-based budgeting. We feel good of our ability to continue to leverage at the rates we've mentioned before going forward and feel the team is well on its way of building a pipeline of future savings to sustain at that. So we feel we're in a great spot on zero-based budgeting as evidenced by the results. 
John Garratt: Yes, what I would say is that in terms of the FLSA, that's new breaking news, but conversely, we had the tax benefit that wasn't contemplated when we spoke with you last. So we continually have puts and takes. And I point back to the number of levers we have to -- and the track record we have of successfully managing through and mitigating the various puts and takes as we move through. 
John Garratt: Sure. I think, one of the biggest learnings is just the additive effect it has is really people embraced this mentality. I think we've got everybody very thoughtfully looking at everything they do. They're spending through those filters of the customer of the strategic priorities of risk mitigation. It really focuses our efforts and focuses our resources towards the highest returning mission-critical activities. And there's a lot of power to that and it really has a compounding effect. In addition, we have teams, we have 23 different cost packages, teams, with senior-level folks on the teams, cross-functional engagement, interaction. And we have a pretty rigorous routine now; monthly meetings with the senior leadership team, where we go deep and wide through all the costs. And with that increased learning, with that sharing across the company, it really drives best practices that feeds on itself. And we're going after costs. In process improvement, we're going after costs. In efficiencies, we're going after costs in just good old-fashioned prioritization of spending, working very closely with procurement to go deeper and wider on those activities. So it really cuts across the entire P&L. It really is the power of the teams working together to uncover. We've always had good cost management here and it's been a strength of ours, but with this zero-based budgeting, it really allows us to go that layer deeper to get those costs on the baseline that are hard to bring out and really drive an ownership type of mentality where it's not a use it, lose it budget that rolls ever but really everything has to pay for itself. 
