Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. I'd like to start by thanking our associates for their tireless work over the past several months in helping our customers and communities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite continued significant uncertainty in the operating environment, our team members have been unwavering in their commitment to fulfilling our mission of serving others by providing affordable, convenient and close-to-home access to everyday essentials, at a time when our customers need them most. I could not be more proud of their efforts. As always, the health and safety of our employees and customer continues to be our top priority.   We continue to closely monitor CDC and other governmental guidelines regarding COVID-19 and are evaluating and adapting our safety protocols as that guidance evolves.   As one of America's essential retailers, we remain committed to being part of the solution during these difficult times. And we believe we are well positioned to continue supporting our customers through our unique combination of value and convenience, including our expansive network of more than 17,000 stores located within 5 miles of approximately 75% of the U.S. population.   At the same time, we remain focused on advancing our operating priorities and strategic initiatives, as we continue to meet the evolving needs of our customers and further position Dollar General for long-term sustainable growth.   To that end, and from a position of strength, I'm excited to share an update on some of our more recent plans. First, as you saw in our release, we plan to further accelerate our pace of new store openings and remodels in 2021. In total, we expect to execute 2,900 real estate projects next year as we continue to lay and strengthen the foundation for future growth.  As previously announced, we recently introduced our newest store concept, POP SHELF, further building on our proven track record of store format innovation. We opened our first 2 locations during the quarter, and while still early, we are encouraged by their initial results.   Finally, one of our core values is representing and respecting the dignity and differences of others. Building on this core value, along with our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we recently updated our fourth operating priority to better capture and express our intent. We will discuss each of these updates in more detail later in the call. But first, let's recap some of the results for the third quarter.   The quarter was once again highlighted by exceptional growth on both the top and bottom lines. We're particularly pleased that, for the quarter, our 3 nonconsumable categories once again delivered a combined sales increase well in excess of our consumable business. Of note, this represents our 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year comp sales growth in our nonconsumable business, which speaks to the strong and sustained momentum in these product categories. From a multicadence perspective, comp sales for Q3 periods range from the low double digits to mid-teens, with the best performance in August, followed by modest moderation as we move through the quarter. Overall, third quarter net sales increased 17.3% to $8.2 billion, driven by comp sales growth of 12.2%. These results include significant growth in average basket size, partially offset by a decline in customer traffic, as we believe customers continue to consolidate shopping trips in an effort to limit social contact. Once again, this quarter, we increased our market share in highly consumable product sales, as measured by syndicated data, driven by double-digit increases in both units and dollars.   Importantly, our data suggests an increase in new customers this quarter as compared to Q3 of 2019. These new customers skew younger, higher income and more ethnically diverse, further underscoring the broadened appeal of our value and convenience proposition. We are also encouraged by the repurchase rates of new customers and are working hard to retain them with more targeted marketing and continued execution of our key initiatives. We're particularly pleased with the -- in how we delivered significant operating margin expansion, which contributed to third quarter diluted EPS of $2.31, an increase of 63% over the prior year. Collectively, our Q3 results reflect strong and disciplined execution across many fronts and further validate our belief that we are pursuing the right strategies to create meaningful long-term shareholder value. We operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail. And with our unique combination of value and convenience, further enhanced through our initiatives, we believe we are well positioned to successfully navigate the current environment and emerge even stronger than before.   With that, I'll now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, Matt. That's a great question because I here at Dollar General, we're always focused on that long term, right? And we believe that through the initiatives that we have in place, including DG Fresh, including our digital assets and Fast Track, including our cooler initiatives that we continue to benefit from and feel that we are still in the early innings of the ballgame on, we feel that those will serve us very well post pandemic. And let's hope that post pandemic comes sooner than later. But as we continue to look forward, we also are encouraged on some of the early initiatives we have around POP SHELF and that concept. Because we believe that there's a fair amount of white space out there for a discretionary format, like POP SHELF.  And again, I think we're encouraged as we look at the first 2 stores on what that customer response has been. On the customer acquisition side of the equation, we're very pleased with the amount of new customers that we've seen. And what really encourages us is that, that's a little different customer, one that is very adjacent to our core customer, but as I said, skews a little younger, more digital savvy and a little bit more ethnically diverse. And that really gives us the opportunity to speak to her a little differently. And I'm happy to say that, toward the end of Q3, we actually launched our new customer acquisition platform through social media and a few other means that we won't talk about exactly, we don't want to give away too much. But suffice it to say, we're happy with some of the early response that we've even seen from that. So more to come. We're doing everything that we believe is appropriate right now while we're in the midst of the pandemic to retain and keep those customers as we move into 2021. 
Todd Vasos: Karen, let me start, and then I'll have John chime in as well here. As we look out to 2021, again, we're really squarely focused on is controlling what we can control. And that is really in our key initiatives, ensuring that we execute at a high level, retain as many of these new customers as we possibly can through the means that we have talked about and also, again, with our key initiatives being a nice backdrop to that new consumer.  She can do a much fuller shop inside of our store than she ever has been able to do in the past.  As you start to think about 2021 and the labor side, to your point, wages, again, we don't have a crystal ball, so we don't know exactly what the pandemic is going to look like in the first part of the year, or how fast this vaccine will be given.  We've got some hints, obviously, from the CDC and through the government. But the one thing I think just to take away is that, we are going to do what's right by our employees first, right? And so we'll continue to watch that. We'll continue to keep them safe through this pandemic until a vaccine is widely available. And if we do need to pay additional bonuses to reward our frontline workers for taking care of the customers, then we'll do that. But again, I think it's too early to tell in Q1 exactly what's going to happen at this point. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Simeon, as we look at the sales number for '21, again, way early. We're not giving any guidance here yet by any means. But I would tell you that a lot of the long-term algorithms are still well intact. Our new store algorithm is still very strong. As you saw, we're going to be opening more stores next year at the same and accelerated pace. And I think that should show you that we're very, very pleased with our store performance -- our new store performance. And quite frankly, our remodel program accelerating next year is also a great sign that we're seeing tremendous value, and our consumers are seeing tremendous value coming out of those remodels.  So all of the fundamentals around the top line, including our initiative drivers, are well intact. Stimulus, we'll have to wait and see. We don't want to guess what may or may not come. But any stimulus that does come would be a tailwind for us, and I'm sure many retailers. But we'll watch and see what happens there. We're not betting on that right now until we see it. What we are big on here, and I'll keep saying it, is controlling what we can control, and that is driving that top line through our long-term strategic initiatives. And I think they have served us well over the many years and are set up to serve us well for many years to come. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. I think the way to think about that is -- and you're exactly right that, that is the primary driver of that initial markup benefit that we've been talking about for a number of quarters now. It's already accretive to the business. And to your point, it will grow over time, not only literally as you add more stores, but you have economies of scale as you serve more stores from existing DCs, as you get the efficiencies of operating that -- the team, it's been amazing how quickly we've gotten this up and running and gotten quite efficient at this. So you get both benefits. So it continues to grow as it scales, both in terms of the gross margin benefit, that substantial cost take out. But then the other thing we've talked about is, is the sales benefit. We are already seeing in those stores served by our self-distribution, better in-stocks, better sales, and that's -- we expect that to grow -- that benefit to grow. And then the other thing is now we're free to improve the assortment. We had agreements before, which precluded us from carrying certain competing brands in private label. This opened that up, and as we mentioned, we're already adding new SKUs there. And then longer term, it unlock -- we see the opportunity to unlock further expansion of produce to more stores. And so we think it's the gift that keeps on giving, both in terms of cost and margin, but also in terms of sales. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. We're not going to probably, Michael, get into too much of that due to competitive reasons, obviously. But I would tell you that we're really happy with the share gains that we've seen. Those share gains are -- continue to come from a multitude of different disciplines that are out there. Drug continues to be the largest share donor that we've seen. But some new emerging trends that we've seen and have some evidence of is that in the discretionary areas, we're taking some share at a rapid rate as well. And in many cases, that's probably from some of the consolidation that has happened on that side of the equation recently. And so couple that with our initiatives around NCI and now POP SHELF, I believe we're well positioned as we move into '21 to capitalize and keep those customers that we're seeing there in the share gains that we've already gotten in 2020. 
Todd Vasos: Well, we always say we always reserve the right to lower price to ensure that we keep those footsteps coming into Dollar General, and more importantly, service that consumer. As we sit right now, though, Michael, we don't see any evidence and/or need to pull a price lever. The promotional activity, the everyday price activity across retail right now seems to be pretty tame and about the same as it has been for many quarters now. But as we continue to watch the environment, we'll do whatever we have to do to ensure that we're priced right. But I think it's also important to note, in the 12 years that I've been here, this is the best competitive positioning we've ever been in on price, the very best.  So from a position of strength, we've already lowered price, got it where it needs to be and is in -- and are in very good shape as we move into 2021. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. As you can imagine, any concept of this magnitude, the work had begun long before COVID, the pandemic, or any of that. Probably, as you really dial the clock back about 18 months or so ago, really started that process. And I would tell you that the plan all along was to launch about this time that we launched it. So we were very much right on track to our initial launch times.  Now, obviously, we didn't anticipate the pandemic that -- what we didn't anticipate either was the abundance of available real estate that would be out there. And that's been a real positive for us with some of the consolidation that we've seen from discretionary retailers that may no longer be in business at this point. We've seen some real opportunity to grab some very good real estate that we're able to open up this concept in. And that's why we're pretty bullish on the 30 by the end of 2021, both from a real estate perspective, but also the initial sales of this concept, at least in the first 2 stores, has been very, very strong and exceeding our expectations.  So again, hitting on all cylinders on the initiative so far, but again, it's early. But rest assured, we are -- we'll do what we do best here at Dollar General, and that's executed at a high level and continue to refine this new concept to make it the best it can be. 
Todd Vasos: Sure. I think it's a little early to talk about what Q4 is going to look like in totality, a lot of selling left, month of December for retail, obviously, is very big. I don't have to mention that, but I will. But when you start to look at our numbers, the great thing that we saw was, our traffic numbers in November started to rebound pretty nicely, really came back to where we saw some of those traffic numbers in Q2. And so that was a great sign for us that the consumer was out shopping, not only the consumable side of the business, but the nonconsumable or discretionary side of that equation as well. The other thing, and Jeff alluded to it in part of his comments earlier, we really leaned in on inventory for Q4 around holiday. We knew it was going to be a good holiday season for Dollar General. We went in, bought more inventory from the closeout market mainly, and we are in some of our best inventory positions in holiday that we've been in, in many years and are very encouraged by the early sell-through of what we've seen in holiday.  So encouraged, but a lot of selling left to go. 
John Garratt: Great question, Matt. First, I'll start by saying we're very pleased with the gross margin expansion we've seen with 6 consecutive quarters of year-over-year expansion. As you mentioned, 178 this quarter.  I'll  maybe start by talking about the drivers this quarter and that can help inform as we look ahead. I think it's important to note that the initiatives, like DG Fresh and NCI, are really contributing and impactful to the 3 biggest drivers we saw this quarter.  First, lower markdowns. With the strong sell through on nonconsumables, we didn't have to take as much clearance markdowns as well as, as we've been talking about for a number of quarters now, we're just -- continue to be more and more targeted on promotional activity and have less promotional activity necessary.  Secondly, when you look at higher initial markups, that was primarily driven by DG Fresh. We continue to see that same substantial cost takeout and that only grows as we scale.  And then third, the mix benefit. Again, the key driver there was nonconsumables. Obviously, there's been a shift in wallet, but I would say that we really positioned ourselves very well with what we've done to that part of the box with the impact of NCI and spreading the learnings from that, as evidenced by the 10 consecutive quarters of noncon comps.  In addition to that, we did have lower shrink, which we were pleased to see as a percent of sales. Now partly offsetting that was higher distribution and transportation costs. So as we look ahead, as you alluded to in Q4, we are not providing specific guidance given the uncertainty of the environment. But I think factors to consider, as you look ahead, consider first that we expect -- anticipate higher transportation and distribution costs in Q4 to continue with the tight carrier market and the DC startups. Also, Q2 and Q3, it certainly was enhanced by the mix shift into nonconsumables, which it's hard to say but -- when, but it's likely to moderate somewhat over time from those heightened levels. And then I think, in Q4, it's also important to note that it is the most challenging lap of the year, as we mentioned, as we're lapping 60 basis points of gross margin expansion in Q4.  So while there are some uncertainties and some near-term headwinds, we continue to believe there's opportunities to increase our gross margin and operating margin over time. We continue to see a growing benefit from initiatives like DG Fresh and NCI, as I mentioned. And those will only grow as they scale. We continue to see opportunities in the levers that we talk about: category management, private brand penetration, foreign sourcing penetration, supply chain efficiencies and shrink. And while we always reserve the right to invest in price where needed, where appropriate, we're currently in a great spot on price and don't see the need to make any investments there right now. So believe we're making the right investments and have the levers to continue to improve gross margins and operating margins over the long term. 
John Garratt: Yes. I think the only thing I'll add to that, as you mentioned, it's challenging in this uncertain environment, given the fluid nature of the pandemic and the impact that can have on the economy and the consumer to say what sales look like. But to Todd's point, what we're focused on is controlling what we can control, and that's accelerating virtually all our strategic initiatives, which we feel great about and are really pleased with what we're seeing them contribute to the top line and the bottom line. And again, those will continue to have an increased impact as we scale those. And so we're focused on that as well as, as Todd alluded to, doing whatever we can to take care of those customers, those new customers trading in, to keep them coming back as they've indicated they intend to and also keeping those baskets gets bigger. And I think what we've done to make the box more relevant than ever providing that fuller fill in trip positions us well. So focused on controlling what we can control.  In terms of puts and takes, we feel great about, I'll tell you, the fundamentals of the business, the strength of the business model, the initiatives and having a model that performs well in all cycles of the economy. In terms of a couple of specific things you mentioned. You mentioned freight, and it remains to be seen. I think a big part of freight is the capacity constraint right now and the heightened volume. So it remains to be seen. That's something that -- this is the time of the year with the holiday seasons, it's usually at its peak. And certainly, all the volume is straining that now. Hopefully, that is something that would normalize over time. And certainly, we have a lot of mitigating efforts to go after that in terms of further scaling our private fleet, continuing to expand and diversify our carrier base and then ongoing efforts around stem mile reduction, load optimization and DC productivity efforts. And then the other thing I pointed to in Q4 around gross margin is, we have, over the last 2 quarters, gotten additional benefit from that mix shift into nonconsumables. We feel fantastic about the nonconsumables business as we continue to scale NCI, as we continue to import the best ideas from that to the rest of the chain. So we feel great about that piece of the business, but it remains to be seen if you can continue to get that kind of mix shift and would imagine that, that would, over time, moderate somewhat. And so I think that's just some of the considerations for next year, but I feel fantastic about the fundamentals of the business. 
John Garratt: Yes. On the markdowns, it really is both. We've been talking about lower markdowns as a percent of sales for a number of quarters. And the driver of that has been lower promotional activity. The team has gotten very targeted and got very sophisticated in the tools we've put in place and the processes to really go after what gives us the biggest bang for the buck, what really moves the needle on true incrementality of traffic and profitability. And so that's been throughout. But with the strength -- growing strength of nonconsumables and the better sell-through there, we have then, more recently, seen a reduction in the amount of clearance activity required to clear those goods. So it really is both consumables and nonconsumables. 
