Todd Vasos: Scot, we -- as you know, we are very diligent in our pricing and the way we look at pricing every 2 weeks on our top items. With the proactive strategic pricing investments that we made last year, we feel that we're in very, very good shape right now in pricing, matter of fact, as good as in any other time in the recent past. We will continue to watch prices as they maneuver from area to area. We look at it by DMA, so we know throughout the nation where pricing is. And there's always some pricing activity that happens in certain years, but we feel -- as we sit right now, we are very well positioned on pricing, but we'll continue to monitor it, so we offer our consumers that value that she's come to know from Dollar General. 
Todd Vasos: Alan, what we saw -- and we look at it on a lot of different levels. The great thing is we saw sales, we saw traffic as well as our gross margin dollars all increase in those stores in aggregate since we've rolled out these pricing investments. And I could tell you that in these stores, these stores that performed better than the chain average over the time that we've rolled those out, and say that we've said from the beginning that we'll continue to watch and monitor price. And if we feel we need to take further pricing actions, the great thing is we have this model to be able to springboard on. At this point, we don't see a further action needed because we're priced very, very aggressively in most of our areas today, if not all. And we feel that right now, we're in a real good spot. But we always reserve the right to make sure that -- we make sure we deliver that value to the convenience -- and convenience to our consumer. And over time, we may need to deploy further price. But at this time, we think we're in great shape on that proactive pricing that we took advantage of earlier on. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. John, let me first start by talking about the produce. As you may recall from the last call, we talked about testing produce in our 7,300 square foot stores. That test is ongoing. And due to that test as well as the stores that we took over from the Walmart Express stores, if you will, we're going to take about 1/3 of our smaller box remodels next year and put produce into those. So that's that 6,000-square-foot store. We believe, because where our consumer is moving toward more of a fresh alternative, including better for you and healthier for you, we believe this is the right thing to do. But as you know us pretty well, we're going to do this very methodically and we're going to ensure that we have a return against this so that we can scale it across many more stores. So we're going to go a little bit slow to make sure it works out the way we anticipate it working. Early results are showing some real positive signs, but again, they are really early results. In talking about DG market, we continue to be happy with the progress we're -- that we've got in our DG markets. Our sales comps are in line with our chain. Our margin expectations are good. We're using DG market a little bit differently right now, but reserve the right to look at it a little differently later. But right now, we're looking at it as a true test kitchen, if you will, for our DG Plus formats as well as our traditional format. I don't think we would ever be thinking about produce and meats in smaller stores if it wasn't for having the capability of DG market, as an example. So it's a great launching pad for a lot of other pieces that can go into, and your last point being that smaller store. And we believe that there's still a lot of opportunity for us in and around that food arena, whether it be dry grocery or perishables in our smaller box. As that consumer's preference continues to evolve over time, you know us pretty well, we evolve with her. And that's the great thing about having these different formats, we have the test-and-learns already done and available to roll out as those preferences change. So we feel good about where we are and where we're headed. And we'll be right in lock-step with the consumer. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, exactly right. And as we've always said, nonconsumables really rounds out the basket for us. And it obviously, as we know, works that gross margin line pretty nicely for us. But again, as the consumer changes, so does their preferences for nonconsumables, and we continue to evolve our nonconsumable offering as well. And we believe that we have real opportunities in seasonal and home categories that really resonate well with our core consumer. A party and occasions really resonate well in our core consumers' wallet as well. So we believe we've got opportunities to continue to grow. And as we talked about our strategic initiatives, I could tell you that, that's in focus for us strategically over the long term on how to -- how we look at our nonconsumable business for the long haul here. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Vinny, when you look at the store manager pay initiatives that we've outlined, the great thing about Dollar General is that we don't do anything blindly here, right? So if you look back to mid last year, we took a large group of stores, and we instituted a new pay scale for them, even outside of what the government was looking at rolling out at the time. And we wanted to see how those stores would perform over time, and if we could move the needle on sales as well as our turnover rates, both in our store manager turnover as well as our hourly turnover rates and if shrink over time would be able to benefit from this as well. The great news is we've seen sales increases. We've seen stability in our store managers, the turnover rate, and we've even seen stability in our hourly turnover rate in those stores as well to a greater degree. The great thing about this, the little difference in the government program -- it's not a one-size-fits-all program. It was really designed to best fit our store managers and the areas that they operate in as well as the complexity of their individual stores. So this has really been well designed. Our store operations team did a great job in putting this together. And I could tell you that we've already rolled it out to our stores, and it's been very, very well received as you can imagine. So we're looking for great things in the future to continue to happen both on the top line as well as our turnover lines in our stores from this initiative. 
Todd Vasos: Thank you, Vinny. I think when you look at our core consumer, as we said, they're always a little bit stretched. I mean, that's just how they live. In saying that, we go out to our customers quite frequently. We just got a report back that really addresses your comment pretty well. And here's what the customer sentiment is right now. If -- you know what, I feel a little bit better about the way things are. The only thing is my finances aren't any better. And so it's not allowing me to take that next step in freely spending a little bit more because I have so many other headwinds in front of me and also some unknown around health care, as an example, around rents and a lot of the other things that are headwinds. The great thing about Dollar General is we are uniquely positioned to help her. And I think that as we look over the long term, making sure we're there with the right price and convenience at the right item for our consumer is going to be the win-win that she needs to continue to pull that budget together for her families. We feel good about where we are with the consumer, and we'll do everything we can to help that consumer be able to stem any tide that she may feel that maybe going against her at this time. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Michael, the competitive environment is always stiff out there. And we do compete with those competitors today. The way we look at this is whatever our customer is asking for, we want to make available to her in a very convenient store base as well as at a great price. And we see the opportunity in fresh and frozen to being able to be able to give her what she needs at the time she needs it. So I would tell you that while we do know that our competitors sell a lot of the same type of goods, we have a real competitive advantage and we own that last mile, right? And that last mile is being close to her doorstep at home. And there's -- nothing really trumps that convenient factor that we can offer other than price, and the nice thing is we have both. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, I would never assume that they won't go lower. We look at pricing now and where we think pricing may go as I made these comments. So we feel good about where we are today, and we feel good about the flexibility that we have in our model to be able to price where we need to take price across the DMAs that we operate in. But the great thing is we've never lost sight of price here. And by not losing sight of price, we don't believe it's ever going to be a hard left or a hard right we're going to have to take on pricing. We feel that we're very competitive now, and we can continue to be very competitive into -- no matter what may face us in the future. 
Todd Vasos: Well, as you look at the tax refunds, you could definitely tell early in the quarter, John, indicated -- we saw some general softness around not having those tax returns out there. We saw a pickup as they started to flow. But I have to remind you, we got a lot of time left in the quarter still. Those tax returns, while flowing, aren't yet completely caught up, but they're getting closer. And I'm a retailer and as a retailer, when you move through certain periods of time and you don't get what you thought you were going to get, you don't bank that it's going to come. And what you do is you put initiatives in place as we did to capture a greater share of these tax returns as we move through the quarter. So we've done some things here to hopefully capture a greater share of those tax returns as she's ready to spend them. But I just want to say, we still have a lot of the quarter left. Remember that Easter shift that's occurring between March and April this year. And as we move into April, we're looking for some increased sales and hopefully deliver a pretty good quarter. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. That's a good question, Ed. As you look at our store manager, the one great thing over the last couple of years is that we've been dealing with this turnover in about the same rate for quite a while now. And our pipeline for good, talented store managers has not let up. We've been able to fill that pipeline, and we continue to be able to fill that pipeline. This investment is not really geared towards that as much because we can't [ph] find. It's more geared towards making sure that we take care of our current store managers. But also making sure that we continue to be able to retain and attract the right individuals as we go forward. So I think it's really twofold. But as we look at it, we feel very good about being able to attract and retain good talented individuals. And this test that we did back midyear last year and still ongoing, has really proven to show us that we can really stem the tide of turnover by getting that right individual on the front side into our stores to run that. The store -- being an old operator as I am, the store manager is the key linchpin to everything that happens at retail, always has been, and at least probably in my lifetime as a retailer, always will be. 
John Garratt: Yes. In terms of deflation, as we said, we see the commodity deflation piece of it transitory. We did start to see some reduction in our average unit retail deflation as we went from Q3 to Q4. And as we look into this quarter, we expect to see -- have seen signs of commodity deflation waning, but it continues to be a headwind. But bear in mind, we will start to lap this jump last year as we work through Q2. In terms of SNAP, that continues to be a headwind as well. As you know, many of our customers utilize SNAP and other government assistance programs. And it does take time for them to adjust their budgets. So it still is an impact. We do believe customers are starting to adjust and normalize their spend, and we will start to lap the bulk of that impact as we work through Q2 as well. 
John Garratt: Yes. Well, I'll start by saying that we feel good about this year's performance, delivering over 10% earnings per share growth, following double-digit earnings per share growth last year. And we're really trying to focus on the long term and make sure that we're making the right investments for the long term. In terms of this year, we did mention that we're investing for the long term and have some headwinds, which takes us outside of the model. And as such, we're not talking about this year in the context of the model. But again, our focus is on the business fundamentals, which remains phenomenal with great level economics that remain unchanged. And our focus, our goal remains to drive 10% or more earnings per share growth over the long term. But as we go through time, making sure we make investments as needed, so a sustainable growth. So as long as we're delivering double-digit earnings per share growth, we think we're serving our investors well. 
John Garratt: I'll take the first part of that question. In terms of zero-based budgeting efforts, we're very pleased with the efforts, came out of the gate very strong on this. And as you saw with the SG&A, nearly leveraged SG&A at that comp of 0.9%, so exceeded our expectations. It's really become ingrained in the way we operate here. We've always had a culture of cost discipline here. But as Todd mentioned the filters, I see everyone in this organization looking at all the spend in terms of the customer, the strategic priorities and the business risk. And with that targeted focus on spending, I think that was a key contributor to the great cost discipline and performance we saw this year. Looking ahead, we continue to have the rigor of place around zero-based budgeting. The teams continue to work very hard on building a pipeline of future savings while making targeted investments as needed. And then also, we look at it broadly in terms of operating margin, managing all the levers within not only SG&A with the latest tools, zero-based budgeting, but also all the levers available to us within gross margin. 
John Garratt: Yes. Well, I'll start by saying that we're -- yes, we really look at gross margin and SG&A in tandem and look to make the right trade-offs between both of those for the long term and do make sure that we protect our low-cost positioning as well as our everyday low prices. And as we mentioned at the outset, given that this year's a little bit different in terms of the model, we weren't planning to go through all the elements of the growth model in the context of 2017. But I will tell you, over the long term, while it's always competitive in retail, the team does a phenomenal job controlling what they can control. And over the long term, we continue to see opportunities to increase margin with all the levers available to us. We continue to see opportunity to improve shrink over time, continue to see opportunities and drive opportunities with supply chain efficiencies, continue to see private label and foreign sourcing penetrations opportunity, and the team continues to do a phenomenal job with category management. So that's really how we look at managing all the levers within operating margin to grow that over the long term. 
John Garratt: That's the vast majority of it. Yes, there was also the training went with it, but the bulk of it was the store manager investment. 
