Todd Vasos: Thank you, Donny, and welcome to everyone joining our call. We are pleased with our second quarter results, and I want to thank our associates for delivering another quarter of strong performance and for their dedication to serving our customers, communities and each other.  The quarter was highlighted by comp sales growth of 4.6%, a slight increase in customer traffic, accelerated growth in market share of highly consumable product sales, including in both dollars and units, and double-digit growth in diluted EPS. Our Q2 performance was led by stronger-than-expected sales in our consumable category. This increase was partially offset by a decline in our combined non-consumable categories, which we believe reflects the evolving consumer demand during a period of inflation and economic uncertainty.  During the quarter, and from a position of strength, we made targeted investments in both incremental labor hours and wages to further enhance the customer experience and build on our sales momentum. We believe these investments contributed to an improvement in our overall in-stock position and our strong sales results. And despite challenges from rising product cost inflation and ongoing supply chain pressures, our teams remain focused on controlling what we can control, while continuing to deliver value for our customers, which we believe is seen even more important in the current environment.  To that end, we remain committed to offering products at the $1 or less price point, and we're pleased with the strong performance of this program during Q2, especially in the latter part of the quarter. Importantly, we continue to feel very good about our price position relative to competitors and other classes of trade. And with more than 18,500 stores located within 5 miles about 75% of the U.S. population, we believe we are well positioned to navigate the current environment, while continuing, to support our customers through our unique combination of value and convenience.  Looking ahead, we remain focused on advancing our operating priorities and strategic initiatives as we look to strengthen our competitive position, while further distancing and differentiating Dollar General from the rest of the retail landscape.  Now let me recap some of the additional financial results for the second quarter. Net sales increased 9% to $9.4 billion, compared to net sales of $8.7 billion in Q2 of 2021. From a monthly cadence perspective, comp sales were lowest, but positive in May, with July being our strongest month of performance, and I'm pleased with the momentum we see so far in Q3. In fact, as a result of our first half outperformance and strong start to Q3, as well as our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our sales outlook for fiscal 2022, which John will discuss in more detail shortly.  Our Q2 results included an increase in average basket size, largely driven by inflation, as we would expect during a more challenging economic environment. Average units per basket were down, while, as I mentioned earlier, customer traffic increased slightly.  As the quarter progressed, we saw additional signs of our core customers shopping more intentionally and closer to need, as well as an increase in trade down activity. For example, during Q2, customers appeared to be making trade-offs of some of their food choices, contributing to an increase in private brand penetration within our consumables business. We also saw growth in the number of higher-income households shopping with us, which we believe reflects more consumers choosing Dollar General as they seek value.  Collectively, we view our Q2 results as further validation that our strategic actions, which have transformed this company in recent years, positions us well for continued success, while supporting long-term shareholder value creation. We continue to operate in one of the most attractive sectors in retail. And given our strong competitive position, further enhanced by our robust portfolio of short- and long-term initiatives, I have never felt better about the underlying business model or our future growth potential.  With that said, I'd like to take this opportunity to congratulate Jeff Owen, who will officially take over as CEO in November. No one understands and embodies our culture more than Jeff, and his contributions to our strategic direction over the years have been instrumental to our success. I've had the pleasure of working with Jeff for many years, and I'm confident he is the best and most capable person to lead the next phase of growth here at Dollar General.  And finally, while Jeff will speak more to this later, I also want to congratulate John Garratt on his well-deserved promotion to President and CFO.  With that, I will now turn the call over to John. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Rupesh, this is Todd. I'll take that one. We feel great about our price position. I just want to remind everybody, well over a year ago, we took a very aggressive price stance, as you may recall me talking about over the last 18 months or so. And it positions us so well in the pandemic and now exiting the pandemic time frame. And we feel great about where we are on prices against all classes of trade, and of course, against even our chief competitors, we're in really good shape. And obviously, as we continue to move forward with this environment, we'll continue to look at how we service our customer.  The fabulous thing is we're in a great position, and our customers are really showing through our increase in trips that we saw for the quarter that they rely on our everyday low price here at Dollar General always first before anything else. 
Todd Vasos: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. Yes, I would tell you that as expected, the customer is reacting just like we thought she would. And that is she's shopping closer to need. She's being very intentional in her shopping patterns, as well as her shopping while she's inside the 4 walls of the Dollar General store. It is a little bit more skewed to need based, which we thought would also occur. But the great thing is what we're seeing is that if we do have the right product out there, which we do, on the discretionary side, she's shopping that as well. As an example, our harvest in Halloween is off to a fabulous start, well over what we expected.  So again, you got to have the right items at the right value, and that's what Dollar General is all about as you know. With that more intentional shopping, we also see her buying more private brands. So our private brand sales have continued to increase quarter-over-quarter as well as year-over-year. And so we're seeing that. And then the all-important $1 price point. By the way, the $1 price point was one of, if not, the fastest-growing subcategory we had here at Dollar General in Q2. And we're seeing that it is so much more important for her today than ever before to be able to feed her family toward the end of the month.  So we're definitely leaning in both in private brand and the $1 price point. You may remember, I mentioned a couple of quarters ago, that we anticipated this, so we started to bring in more of this type of product, as well as our merchants under Emily Taylor and her group to really highlight that in off-shelf displays, end caps and that has been ongoing. And we'll continue to press forward on that as we move to the back half of the year because, again, we believe that $1 price point will be very, very important.  And then lastly, just like we thought, again, trips being up, so she's coming more often, but spending less on each trip. And again, that's a reversal to what we saw there in the pandemic. So she's really coming back to where we suspected she would. But the great thing about Dollar General is our price is fabulous. Our price position, as I mentioned earlier, couldn't be better, and she's showing it within those trips that she's bringing to Dollar General. So more to come as we move through the back half of this year and into '23. But I would tell you, I've never felt better about our positioning as we are here to help that customer through probably the toughest time she's seen in quite a while. 
Todd Vasos: I'll start it out, Michael. I would tell you that obviously, you're zeroing in on our chief competitor there. So I'll just say this that it's been not only a long journey for them, I would say it's been even tougher than that. We've heard over the last 7 years that they're getting traction and they're doing this and doing that, and we're still talking about that. So I think we're still talking about it.  What we are here to do, as you know us pretty well, Michael, is controlling what we can control and forging ahead on our initiatives. We have left our chief competitor completely in the dust that will take years, years to catch up. And I would also tell you that we feel very, very strongly that peak margins haven't yet been obtained and that we have a lot of room to grow. You've heard from John, not only short term but long term.  Our initiatives alone are driving a tremendous amount of that growth and that confidence. And I would tell you that Jeff and the team, as we go forward, have got a lot of initiatives in the hopper that we haven't even talked about yet that are percolating. So we're looking out as we promised everyone 6 years ago, when we started the strategic journey that we've been on, that we would look out 5 to 10 years down the road and around the corner. And I think you've seen from us that we've done that. And I think you've seen the fruits of that as we continue to roll out these initiatives.  And to your point, have some of the best execution in the retail industry against initiatives. Lastly, being here for 14 years and thinking back to the last time we had the recession and we had the customer that was really strained, the 1 thing that Dollar General had is that we had already fixed a lot of the basic railroad by the time we really hit stride in late '09 and '10. I would hate to be trying to fix the railroad right now. It would be like one of the toughest times to do it. And so I would like to just point out that we're in such a great position that as we continue to move forward, we believe we'll be able to capitalize on that trade down that we're already seeing. And that trade down is coming from income levels that are upwards of $100,000 which we really are encouraged in seeing a younger consumer, a little bit more affluent, and again, very digitally and tech savvy. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. So I would tell you that I will first start and just say that we feel that, that trade down will continue to come in and benefit us. As it relates to the inventory levels, we couldn't be happier with where we sit today on inventory. We did all the right things early on, Michael, as you would imagine, coming from a Dollar General. We were well ahead of any inventory issues that may pop up unlike some of our competitors out there. We canceled orders as early as December because we saw where the customer was headed. We actually have canceled orders not only into Q2, but into the back half of the year. And all of our guidance is contemplated on that. So we feel very strong. The quality of our inventory couldn't be better. And as we move forward, we believe that will benefit us as we move into the back half of this year and into next year. 
Todd Vasos: I would tell you, what we're seeing on that higher-end consumer is that she does shop a more holistic part of the store. And I made mention on the harvest and Halloween as an example, very discretionary, but doing extremely well. And some of that comes from that trade down, right? Because that consumer does have a little bit more money to spend. And as you think about how sticky that customer is, well, dial the clock back just a bit to the pandemic and now coming out of the pandemic, we've retained a lot more of those customers than we thought we would. So we're very happy on that retention. So we know that they're sticky because, again, that consumer -- was that consumer making -- the majority of them making that 50 to 75 range. So this one extends up to 100. But again, the experience is very, very similar to those, for those consumers when they come in. So we believe that, that will be sticky as well.  So when you think about our market share in just discretionary items. I also want to point out that, that was positive as well for the quarter. So we're picking up share even in a very tough environment on the discretionary side.  And then lastly, your other question was around what type of items are we seeing as well. Even from our core customer, trading down -- trade down doesn't always mean just trading down from other retailers. It also is trading down when you get inside the box, and our core customer has been buying more private brands, that $1 price point, very, very important to her. If you think about things that have accelerated greatly over the last quarter, if you think of basic proteins that our core customer needs, so what we've seen is 15% to 20% increases over the last couple of quarters in canned meat, seafood, dry pasta, soups, rice and beans. So those core proteins, eggs, all those things that the consumer needs to feed her family but can do it at a much reduced price. So we're seeing that trade down effect as well, and we're in great position to take advantage of that, both from our everyday low retail price stance, as well as our supply chain is much more healthier there than we were last year at this time. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Let me start, and I'm going to turn it over to Jeff as well. But I would tell you that, John, we feel great about those strategic initiatives. And to your point, not only a couple of years out, but 5 and 10 years out is the look. And if you look at the majority of them, there -- for instance, NCI, as an example, while we're close to the end of that rollout journey, the next phase of that, that optimization phase, is just starting. I would tell you, we're probably in the fifth inning in NCI. We're in the late fourth inning in the fresh piece of the business, with produce being a big unlock yet to come as an example. And then we're just starting the journey. We're just getting up to the plate to use the analogy in both Mexico and in our health initiative. And as I mentioned earlier, we've got others we haven't even talked about ready to push into the pipeline. And Jeff, you may want to jump in just briefly. 
Todd Vasos: Yes. Thank you for all the questions, and thanks for your interest in Dollar General. And I do appreciate all the well wishes that you extended.  Serving what this team has been the highlight of my professional career, and it's been a blessing and a privilege to serve our customers, associates, shareholders and communities over the past 7-plus years as the CEO of Dollar General. I'm extremely proud of the progress we've made together, and look forward to working with Jeff and the team in an advisory and consulting capacity going forward, as well as continue to serve on the board. I believe we have the best team in retail, our mission and culture are stronger than ever and we are extremely well-positioned to capitalize on the enormous growth opportunities we see ahead.  Again, thank you for listening, and I hope you have a great day. 
John Garratt: Thanks, Rupesh. As you look at SG&A, nothing unusual there. One thing we had talked about was from a position of strength and given the sales outperformance and momentum that we were going to be making targeted proactive investments to build on that momentum, to help drive sales, as well as an enhanced customer experience. So really, it was consistent with that.  The most notable one was adding some labor hours to help further improve our in-stock levels as well as that customer service. We really like what we're seeing there. Also, to a lesser extent, we did make targeted investments in wages in the physical box itself. But I would say more normal course proactive actions to drive the business. We also did see some inflation on utilities and did have some higher-than-normal R&M expenses associated with the weather. But I think when you look at just overall operating margin, we feel really good about what we're doing.  We feel great about the gross margin expansion. A lot of the investments we make in SG&A really drives that gross margin expansion, which was up 69 basis for the quarter, and importantly, 1.5 points above where we were 3 years ago. So we really like to look at operating profit overall because, as we said before, the geography and the leverage changes a little bit as we spend a little bit on SG&A to drive more on gross margin as you look at the implied guidance with the sales and the strong bottom line guide for the year, that implies operating margin expansion over the back half. So we feel well positioned that we're making the right trade-offs and investments to drive that sales growth. 
John Garratt: Sure. I'll start with gross margin. We didn't give specific guidance on gross margin. But to give you some color around the puts and the takes, we do expect to continue to see mixed pressure over the course of the remainder of the year as sales outperformance exceeds -- on consumables, exceeds nonconsumables, as everybody is seeing. And we also do expect to see ongoing supply chain pressures, including higher fuel costs, as well as increased product cost inflation. So we expect that to continue.  But I would tell you, on the transportation side and supply chain in general, we are seeing moderation there, and we do get an easier lap in the back half as we lap pretty substantial and growing supply chain inflation last year. And we're doing a lot of good things to help mitigate that. As Jeff mentioned in the prepared comments, doubling the size of the private fleet, really has a meaningful impact on that where we save about 20% on a per driver basis there.  The other thing we called out was markdowns, but I would tell you, with the markdowns, that's really a function of normalization. We were lapping unusually low clearance markdowns and promotional markdowns last year. If you look at where we're at now, still well below pre-pandemic levels, but that lap will continue to be a bit of a pressure to us.  But as we look at the back half of the year, in addition to the easing inflationary pressures, particularly on the supply chain and some other areas and the actions we're taking, we're continuing to see growing benefits from our strategic initiatives, which go after the top line and the bottom line other actions to help mitigate that. And as I mentioned previously, when you look at operating margin overall, it suggests expansion in the back half given all the actions we're taking.  So -- and as we look ahead, I think we're very well positioned to continue to expand our gross margin over the long term. Todd talked about being in a great spot on price position. And again, as a limited SKU operator with our growth in size, I think it really positions us well in this environment to serve that customer very well. Be sharp on price, but to continue to expand our margins over the long term.  And in terms of the question around why not raise EPS guidance, I would say that, first, very pleased based on the strength of the first half of the year and the anticipated results in the back half to raise the sales guidance, and pleased to reiterate the strong EPS guidance, while others have had to lower it in this challenging environment. We see the business fundamentals is very strong. It positions us very well to continue to be double-digit EPS growers over the long term, which we were at 10.8% this quarter.  But there are some near-term headwinds. We mentioned the ongoing mix pressure. The overperformance in sales has been on the consumables side, which has lower margins. And while we do expect some moderation in inflation in the near term, it remains pressured with elevated supply chain costs, fuel costs and product cost inflation, of course, the LIFO charge, which continues throughout the year as that's spread over the year.  Also another piece which you mentioned is the SG&A investment, which I talked about. I wouldn't say that's the only driver, the primary driver. But that is a driver to that. But again, we like what we're seeing there in terms of the investment in labor hours to help drive a better customer experience, to help drive sales and we are investing, as I mentioned, a little bit in targeted investments in wages in the box itself.  And then the other thing we called out was interest. Interest will be higher in the back half of the year given higher interest rates and higher borrowings. So a number of near-term tailwinds, but we feel really good to be able to maintain that guidance, continue to see ourselves as double-digit EPS growers over the long term. And there's a lot of year left, but feel good about the guidance we've provided. 
John Garratt: Yes. As you look at sales in the second half, I mean, when you do the squeeze on that, that's quite healthy sales, not only on a 3-year basis, but as you look at the 1-year basis. To your point, we did see accelerating comps, we saw accelerating comps throughout the quarter. So we feel really good about the momentum of the business going in. We feel really good about the new customers and basket size growth that we've been able to retain coming out of the pandemic. And we are starting to see signs of more customer trade down, that's contemplated in the guidance. I wouldn't say we have a significant impact from that built into the guidance. But based on what we're seeing, that is contemplated in there. We're seeing a bigger impact, as big as ever impact from our real estate with the strong performance of remodels and new units, which are exceeding our pro forma, and the initiatives are delivering. So we feel really good about where we're at, the momentum of the business, the fundamentals, and I think the guidance reflects that, as well as a little bit in there contemplated around that trade down. 
John Garratt: Yes. Again, I don't want to get too specific around gross margin guidance. But again, as you do the squeeze in the back half, it implies healthy, positive operating margin expansion and gross margin. We feel good about where we're at here in terms of sustainability over the long term to drive that. The biggest driver when you look, again, you go back to pre-pandemic levels where we're up 1.5 points in this quarter. It's the initiative is a huge piece of that. The ongoing benefit of DG Fresh and NCI, as we optimize and scale those, that's the gift that keeps on giving other things around the DG Media Network, just while promotional activity was a little bit higher versus pandemic where there was none. We remain very targeted in that and are doing a great job minimizing the clearance activity.  So I think as you think the fundamental drivers of the initiatives, as you think about the other levers we've talked about, the efficiencies we're driving in supply chain, including the private fleet and the other levers we've talked about. And we do see spots where the inflation is starting to moderate, particularly around carrier rates ocean freight, we're seeing moderation there. It remains to be seen what happens to inflation overall with vendors, but we'd expect over time that growth, that pace of increases to start to moderate as well.  And again, as you get to the back half of the year, we're lapping pretty substantial increasing supply chain inflationary laps. And so as we see some moderation and get easing laps, that will help as well. And that's all contemplated in the guide. 
John Garratt: Yes. As we touched on earlier, we do see improving conditions there. You're seeing additional supply capacity come online. You're seeing, obviously, demand drop as folks cut orders. And so when you look at both ocean freight and you look at domestic carrier rates, we're seeing those rates come down. And again, actions we're taking like with the private fleet is helping mitigate that as well. And we're coming up on a time where you're lapping increasing supply chain costs as you went from Q3 into Q4 last year. So I think net-net, we're doing a great job mitigating it. And I think that will, over time, switch to a tailwind as we see that moderate. 
