James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. Third quarter results are in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $292 million, up 1.7% year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $1 and $153 million in free cash flow. During the third quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.5 million shares for $147 million. Our financial position is strong, with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of September, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 145.8 million, consisting of 130.8 million names for .com and 15 million names for .net. The domain name base increased by 1.47 million net names during the third quarter after processing 8.9 million new gross registrations. Gross additions during the quarter benefited from continued strength from US based registrars. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the third quarter of 2017 will be 74.3%. This preliminary rate compares to 73.0% achieved in the third quarter of 2016. We expected increase to the domain name base during the fourth quarter of between 0.4 million to 0.9 million registrations, which is consistent with the full year 2017 domain name base growth rate of 2.8% to 3.1%. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
James Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, during the third quarter we continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. So operator, we're ready for the first question.
James Bidzos: The update is really the same, there's no new news, although there is activity, the process is ongoing. We are continuing to cooperate with the Justice Department regarding the CID that you asked about. There's an ongoing constructive dialogue. We're producing documents and information. But beyond that there's nothing new to say at this point. Of course, as soon as there is we'll let you know.
James Bidzos: I don't know of any direct relationship between people purchasing bitcoin and domain names. I can tell you that we do - we do report on trends in domain name registration and bitcoin trends frequently, consistently and often. So people are registering names related to bitcoin and cryptocurrency and those types of things. So we do see those, and we do report those registration trends. Beyond that, I don't think there's any unusual activity that we have to report.
