John Calys: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. As Jim explained, this is another solid quarter and year for us. During 2011, we generated revenue of $772 million and delivered non-GAAP operating income of $384 million, all while expanding non-GAAP operating margins by 792 basis points. These results drove approximately $157 million in free cash flow for the year.  Following on to Jim's comments on our cash position. The total cash of investment balance ended Q4 at $1.35 billion. Of this balance, $225 million is domestic. During the quarter, we initiated a new 5-year $200 million credit facility, borrowed $100 million against this facility as short-term financing for our Reston building purchase. In fact, the [ph] cash balance also included $86 million of previously taxed income that was repatriated at the end of the quarter. Let me recap our performance for the fourth quarter and year on our key operating metrics, which are revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. Then I will discuss 2012 full year guidance. Revenue of $204 million for the fourth quarter was up 3% from the prior quarter and up 14% year-over-year. 2011 revenue of $772 million was up 13% year-over-year. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $729 million, a $6 million increase from Q3 2011 and a $66 million increase year-over-year, up 10%.  Non-GAAP operating margin for Q4 was 50.9% compared to 50.1% in Q3. 4Q non-GAAP operating expenses were $100 million, up sequentially and flat year-over-year. The fourth quarter operating margin expansion was driven by revenue growth and through realizing efficiencies in our business. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in our business and ways to improve our operating margin. Net income and EPS. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $64 million, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.40 compared to $0.39 in Q3 and $0.31 in the same period in 2010. 2011 non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.49 is a 43% increase over 2010. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net for 2011 was $28 million. This included a pretax $4 million nonoperating accrued expense booked in Q4, which is non-recurring in nature and had a negative effect of $0.02 on EPS. With respect to taxes. We think a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 30% remains reasonable estimate. In 2012, we expect to pay cash taxes of about $35 million to $50 million. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 160 million shares in Q4 compared to 164 million in third quarter.  Operating cash flow on a consolidated basis was $124 million in the fourth quarter and $336 million for 2011, which includes the payout of $100 million in contingent interest to holders of our convertible debt. Free cash flow was $6.6 million in Q4, given $11.6 million in excess tax benefits and $129 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Free cash flow for 2011 was $157 million after $13 million in excess tax benefits and approximately $193 million in capital expenditures. Relating to capital expenditures, the company closed a property purchase of the Reston, Virginia, headquarters building on November 15, 2011 for $118 million.  To reiterate, we saw solid performance in Q4. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income. We have a strong balance sheet and expect strong cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. With respect to 2012 guidance. Revenue for 2012 should be in the range of $865 million to $890 million, representing growth of 12% to 15%. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at least 80%. Q4 2012 exit non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be 52% to 54%. Non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP nonoperating income net is expected to be approximately $38 million for 2012. Capital expenditures are expected to be 7% to 10% of revenue. Our guidance is based on expectations of continued growth and increased operating efficiencies in our businesses, in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. I will now turn the call back to Jim.
John Calys: This is John. Let me take that. I don't think that was really a surprise to us. A lot of the deferred revenue trends are seasonal. First quarter is always a strong seasonal quarter, so you see a little more of a bump. So sometimes, it could be choppy. Quarter-over-quarter, I think the full year 10% increase is what was expected, but there was no unusual purge or anything of that nature.
John Calys: Yes, right. We don't provide any specific guidance on our repurchase activity normally. Obviously, we have $831 million left under our board-approved plan. We evaluate our cash needs and potential uses for cash on a regular basis, and that includes evaluating our offshore cash balances as well in terms of doing what we think is optimal for the company and the shareholders.
John Calys: The renewal rates on both are trending up slightly, both for first time and times renewing past their first time. I think the renewal rate split is about 56.2 on first time, and it's 82.2 roughly, I think, for second time and beyond. And certainly, as those names renew, beyond the first time, second, third and fourth, that rate continues to climb.
John Calys: That was a non-recurring item that we booked in fourth quarter, onetime for $4 million. And we don't expect it to recur, and it passed us.
John Calys: At this point in time, what we repatriated was all of our previously taxed income, at least through the end of 2011 -- or 2010, I'm sorry, 2010. So there's a small amount of incremental income that's earned offshore that gets taxed U.S. every year. Obviously, the objective is not to have any, but there's a little bit each year. That amount that we repatriated had built it up over a few-year period. So I wouldn't [ph] say there's a substantial amount of previously taxed income to bring back near term.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, John. In summary, we're pleased with the performance and milestones we've marked in 2011. In addition to completing the restructuring plan, we renewed .net until 2017, DNSSEC went live in .com and we extended our .tv agreement. VeriSign was selected to run .gov for the U.S. government, and we have been selected to service the registry operator for applicants for potential future gTLDs under the new ICANN program. We brought in new talent at all levels, and we moved into our new building in Reston.  We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. We monitor this closely. We're supportive of the multi-stakeholder model and ICANN's plans to move forward. There has been opposition from patent holders. There were hearings both in the House and in the Senate, but the program opened up on January 12 for applications. The application period closes on April 12. And on May 1, ICANN will publish on its website a list of all of the applications. I expect that there will probably be some more comments from the various stakeholders, but that's how the process works. So from our perspective, as I said, we're participants in the program. We're supportive of ours and the participation of others in it. And I think we've made our view of that clear, that we apply for domain names. We see it as an opportunity to be a service provider. We don't expect the revenue to be material. We don't expect it before 2013, but we expect the market to grow. And we expect our business to grow as a result.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think the guidance that we -- margin guidance that we just delivered for 2012 is obviously the way we see it and describe it now. I'll just say that post restructuring, I think there's kind of a long tail that I would describe as a continual optimization of our efforts to do a better job, to focus on our customers better and change the way we do things. Remember, we've gone from over 5,000 employees to roughly 1,000. Actually, we ended 2011 at 1,009 employees. So the process of discovering processes here at VeriSign that haven't caught up with the new VeriSign yet, I think, will probably continue for a while. So I think you see that reflected in our guidance for the year. So I expect in the process of finding ways to do our job better, we'll probably find efficiencies, and we expect that to happen.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. The revenue guidance that we gave you was $865 million to $890 million for the year, and that has underlying a 6% to 8% unit growth rate for net new names.
D. James Bidzos: Well, as we mentioned, that business exceeded our expectations in 2011. We like that business. We think it's a business of growing importance. In particular, I think what you're referring to, which is the DDoS Mitigation part of that business, although we saw growth across all 3 sections of the NIA business, there is the iDefense threat intelligence unit, a managed DNS business, and of course the DDoS Mitigation service. Certainly, denial of service attacks have been more visible, and there's tremendous interest in technology that's available, a service that's available for companies to protect themself. We're well-positioned to benefit from that. I think it's one of the reasons we like the business. It's a growth area. The other reason, of course, is that it leverages our core strengths and our reputation, and we have a tremendous amount of experience. In general, concerning NIA, we now have the sales force hired. We're where we want to be there. And the areas that we're working on in NIA primarily is to structure it for scalability and also to find ways to improve the quality of revenue and make it closer to the quality of revenue that most of our revenues reflect. So we're optimistic about it, but we're obviously not breaking it out separately. And can't tell you exactly when we'll do that. But we're continuing to invest in that business.
D. James Bidzos: Ed, this is Jim. I would just add that, basically, our view of buybacks as one option for returning value to shareholders is unchanged. The board authorization of $831 million, as John mentioned, continues to stand. Nothing's changed in our view, and I think we made it clear that there were just pending cash liquidity issues that were unresolved. They did all become favorably resolved at the end of Q4, but as we mentioned, that was the only reason that there were no buybacks in the quarter.
D. James Bidzos: Let's see. I guess the material events that would certainly be disclosed, of course, would be the -- if you follow the .net process, as I'm sure most of you probably did, there was some point at which we came together with ICANN, agreed on the form of renewal. There were some minor issues, as we mentioned, in the contract. So if you could look back at .net when those issues were addressed and a version of the contract was ready for the public review process, it was then posted on ICANN's website for public comment for 30 days. I will say there's been one change since last year. There's a new ICANN policy that became effective January 1, 2012, in which their public comment periods have changed from a single 30-day comment period to 2 comment periods of 21 days each, effectively making the 30-day comment period a 42-day comment period. But I think the next visible event will be the presentation of that agreement for comment, that then follows, of course, formal approval by ICANN's Board of Directors. And .com, of course, being a little different than .net, we then present that to the Department of Commerce for their approval. So those are the high-level sequence of events. All of that should conclude no later than the termination date of the existing agreement, the expiration date, which is November 30, 2012. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is a timetable and a process. There's been engagement and activity since I last spoke to you, and we're pleased with that progress. So I think that's what we can say to you right now, but that's an overview of the process itself. And I think those are the events you can expect to see being disclosed certainly by VeriSign, but also information that'll appear on, in particular, the contract for public comment on ICANN's website.
D. James Bidzos: Well, we certainly don't anticipate that we wouldn't be finished. Our timeline, certainly, the timeline and the engagement process are all designed to avoid any issues that would cause the process to extend beyond November 30. So I just don't envision that happening. I suppose it's possible, but I don't see that happening. There is a requirement that the ICANN VeriSign agreed contract be presented to the Department of Commerce for their approval 90 days prior to the expiration, and we're certainly planning to meet or beat that date and make sure that there's plenty of time to get the contract renewed, which I think everybody feels is in everyone's best interest. So I guess I don't envision that happening.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we ran some additional marketing and promotional programs in 4Q, not particularly large, but a little bit. And I would expect for 2012 that those numbers would be pretty consistent with what they've been historically for us. Generally, the programs we run are not material, and generally, they're sort of -- at the first half of the year, I think we generally run more than we do in the second half.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, their drivers, they haven't changed. It's Internet adoption. There's more growth internationally than there is in the U.S. It's the continual move of dollars from traditional to online advertising. Basically, all the things that we're seeing just simply continuing. Internet adoption is a growth area.
D. James Bidzos: Sure. I guess the obvious area is, first of all, there are several categories of value-added services. First of all, Pat's group is continually developing value-added services for the registrar channel to help them manage their business. We provide them with information, we provide them with data, reports, analyses from the zone that help them manage their business better and hopefully maximize the registrations that they perform. We call that value-added services here at VeriSign. The other growth area that we talked about was NIA, which is an adjacency that's very relevant in the sense that it plays to our strength. The IDN or our DDoS Mitigation service, of course, is a result of homegrown efforts from a very purpose-developed network where we couldn't buy off the shelf solutions, and now we've productized some of those. And managed DNS is essentially our ability to deliver our experience in developing performance in the network and deliver that to customers. So all of those things you might consider value-added services. Certainly, even though we're the largest consumer of some of the threat intelligence information that comes from our iDefense unit, that is also a value-added services. There are new value-added services that we're exploring. We're not talking about these. These are areas, research that we've engaged in. I think it's fair to say we're focused on this like we haven't been before. We're investing more in research. We think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity there. We are seeing opportunities. And these are fundamental new value-added services that would complement and fit well with our current DNS lookup services. So until we're ready to talk about those, we can't say more. But that is the focus of our research efforts.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, that's a very good question. And the answer is absolutely yes. So in the case of NIA in particular, I mentioned that we're doing a couple of things with NIA. Number one is that we're focusing on structuring it to scale for growth. So -- and also, what we're doing with NIA is finding ways that we can sort of increase the quality of revenue to look more like our traditional business. So those are 2 things we want to do before we make the investment. Before we essentially step on the gas pedal, so to speak, we want to make sure that it's going to scale well, grow smoothly and provide a quality of revenue. So anything that we can do up front before we make the major investment, I think, will pay great dividends down the road if we're successful in achieving good, scalable growth and quality of revenue. So we will be making those investments. We have been making that effort to optimize the business, and that's been the focus of NIA. And we have plenty of cash, and I think you'll -- essentially, our guidance for you in 2012 incorporates our anticipated investments in those areas. There is no anticipation that we would make any acquisitions to fuel that growth. I think most of what we want to do leverages our core strengths. VeriSign, I think most of you understand, is unique. We do have a very purpose-developed network that's actually unique. I think that's something that's not well understood that in the future we're going to try to communicate better. Not only are we databases linked together by a high-speed network, but our ability to do updates, to do them quickly in realtime essentially and replicate it globally across a very diverse network and reliably is unique. And when you're talking about developing services that come from that sort of strength, trading on that kind of strength, those are investments that we have to make here. We have to make that, not buy it, because nobody's doing anything like that. Now if there are opportunities that we see to accelerate that process by making acquisitions that allow us to buy versus make pieces of those efforts as they start to come together, we'll certainly look at those and do those. But it's our view that we have adequate cash to do all of those growth areas and make all those investments. And that's all baked into our guidance for 2012 in margins.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I think what we've said is that at this point, we fully staffed up the NIA sales team. We've done some optimization and restructuring a bit in how the products are packaged and bundled and sold. There are ways in which we have a billing relationship with the customer that will help us get sort of the right scalable structure. I think we're getting pretty close to the end of that process. And 2012, as we said, is a year of execution. So throughout the year, we'll be making investments as we see appropriate, depending on how the marketing effort plays out. But I think we're pretty close to getting ready to make some investments and grow that business a little bit quicker. It's a solid growth area, leverages our strength, there is a need and we like it.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I think Internet adoption, really, is the key here. I mean, I know some numbers, but I don't know some others. For example, the GDP in the U.S. is roughly $15 trillion. In Europe, it's roughly $16 trillion. And globally, it's about $63 trillion. What portion of U.S. GDP is economic activity that's reliant on the Internet? It's probably more -- substantially more than the rest of the world certainly and probably more than Europe. But the rest of the world is catching up. I think that's one way to just think about the opportunity. Pat's right, Internet adoption and growth, greater reliance of economic activity on the use of the Internet, that's going to continue at a rate that's probably faster than in the U.S. only because of the amount of penetration in the market here. And I think the challenge is ours to find ways to make sure we get our fair share and exploit it and be smart about how we go after it. And we look at those things, we think about them. And we see growth, and we see opportunities.
D. James Bidzos: By the way, we found the other number. So the number that's coming up for renewal in Q1 of 2012 is 25.2 million.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we're not breaking that out, so it's probably early to tell you that. I hope that during 2012, we'll be able to tell you a lot more about it. I think all we said at this point and all I can say now is that the team is exceeding its bookings target that we assigned it.
D. James Bidzos: There's a transition that's going on that we're very pleased with. It's going well. That's part of the scaling efforts, is a shift in the distribution model, and that's going according to plan.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes. So the renewal -- as the age of the base, as you pointed out, gets older, you do see a change in the percentage of previously renewed domains versus first-time renewing domains. And since the previously renewed domains actually renew at a higher rate, you will see a natural growth.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, what the new gTLD program is designed to do is to offer more choice for individual registrants. And while that will certainly have people choose domain names in different TLDs for the first time, we also recognize there's tremendous value in having your domain name in .com. And so we will likely see multiple registrations for individual registrants.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, growth is always dependent upon 2 factors. One is the new registrations and one is the renewal rates as well. And so when we take a look at the range, we have to take into account what renewal rates will look like. And renewal rates fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, dependent upon specific activity from specific registrars. So we know we'll end up within the range. But it's I think sort of the function of the renewal rate as to how we end up where we end up within that range.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, I think if you just take a look at the new unit numbers that Jim talked about earlier where each quarter of this year was the strongest quarter we've ever had in that quarter, it's a healthy channel. They are finding uses for domain names. Whether it be small, medium businesses, enterprises, et cetera, they're -- it's strong.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, this is Pat. So Jim mentioned some of the factors that we track in terms of Internet adoption, online advertising spend. And as those metrics continue to go up and to the right, we will -- people will find new ways to use domains, generate new small, medium businesses and continue to find ways on the Internet. So I think that as long as people continue to adopt the Internet, both domestically and internationally, we're going to see continued growth within .com.
