George Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company generated revenue of $376 million, up 5.4% from the same quarter of 2022 and delivered operating income of $254 million, an increase of 7.4% from the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense in the third quarter totaled $122 million compared to $123 million last quarter and $120 million a year earlier. Net income totaled $188 million compared to $169 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $1.83 for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $1.58 for the same quarter of 2022. Operating cash flow for the third quarter of 2023 was $245 million, and free cash flow was $217 million compared with the $262 million and $255 million, respectively, in the year ago quarter. Operating cash flow and free cash flow for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, totaled $650 million and $609 million, respectively, and were up from $614 million and $595 million for the same nine-month period a year ago. I'll now discuss our updated full year 2023 guidance. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.490 billion to $1.495 billion. Operating income is now expected to be between $995 million and $1 billion. Interest expense and nonoperating income net, which includes interest income estimates, is now expected to be an expense of between $25 million to $35 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million to $55 million. And the GAAP effective tax rate is now expected to be between 21% and 24%. In summary, Verisign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the third quarter of 2023 and we look forward to continuing to deliver on our mission and our objectives to finish the year. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Just a couple of points. I mean there's obviously a lot going on in the world today. Obviously, we have some macroeconomic factors, still high interest rates, so there's still high inflation. Obviously, there's some geopolitical factors going on there. So I think those are -- like other companies, those things are impacting our business. But as Jim mentioned, we are seeing ex-China's registrars growth from those groups, both in new registrations as well as the domain name base there. Again, I would point to, we really don't break out the domain name base for competitive purposes. But I would point you to our geographic revenue disclosure, which really gives you a sense of some of the growth. We don't -- we charge the same price. We do charge the same price across all markets. So we offer that to everybody. So I think it's a fair comparison for you to take a look at that. But the domain name base continues to be resilient. I think the value proposition of the domain name remains strong. But the declines we're seeing in China, which is a smaller geographical segment, of ours is impacting the total domain name base growth, but we're able to offset that as the other geographies have performed better.
George Kilguss: Yes. We'll provide full year guidance on our next earnings call for 2024. Our expenses or the midpoint of our guidance suggests that our expenses will be lower this year, around 3%, and that's down from prior years. Keep in mind, we did have some costs come out of the business with regard to .tv migrated away from us. That was about $5 million of fees that we paid to .tv that is not picked up this year. But if you were to normalize that out, we're probably at a similar expense growth rate this year than last year. And as you recall, last year, expenses grew about 4% or so. So we'll continue to manage expenses and be responsible. As Jim said, several quarters in a row. During this time of uncertainty, we're trying to control what we can control and that means being responsible, making sure we're making the right investments and areas where we can make some efficiencies, we'll do so. But I can assure you, we're making all the necessary investments we need to execute our mission and our strategic framework to protect the Company and meet our SLAs.
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. We strongly believe our strategic focus and disciplined management continue to serve us well, allowing us to deliver another solid quarter in which we provided secure and reliable infrastructure services, managed our business responsibly and efficiently and return value to our shareholders. While there is ongoing turbulence in the economy due to macroeconomic and geopolitical issues and there continues to be low demand from China, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. These strong business fundamentals and our focus on managing items within our control continues to deliver strong financial results, including steady growth in revenue, operating income and EPS. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks, Rob. So with respect to China, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, for the past several quarters, our domain name demand from China-based registrars has been weak as a result of several factors. They include challenging economic conditions, a more stringent regulatory environment and the impact of a weaker local currency combined with retail pricing adjustments. We believe these factors combined have driven down demand in China, which has been offset by domain and gains in other geographies. As you can see in the geographic revenue table filed in our 10-Q this afternoon, we generated $22 million or about 6% of revenue in the quarter from China-based registrars and that revenue was down about $5 million from the year ago quarter. The remaining $354 million of revenue in the quarter from registrars outside of China was up $24 million or about 7%. So we're able to drive both top line and operating income growth even as our China registrars adjust to their specific set of factors. To your specific question of when we think things will normalize for our China-based registrars, I would say two things. One, the only certainty is changed and the future developments that influence that change are not within our control. So your guess would be as good as ours. And two, I think the term perfect storm is overused, but it feels a bit like that here. I feel that the chances that change will be helpful is at least as likely as not .
Jim Bidzos: Okay. Thanks for that question. let's say a couple of things. First of all, I mentioned that in the document, I urge everybody to read the document, I think it's really indicative of obviously what ICANNs response will be. I clarified the term NBC to be new .co, which is a company that we actually partnered with in something called the DAA, the domain acquisition agreement, and you'll see those terms used throughout. And -- so the -- what to expect next? I think the important thing here is that this is a legal proceeding that we are currently not a party to that might change. So I think what you're going to see next is they're working to form a panel and then the documents that are going to be filed became public today, and that is the IRP complaint from Altanovo and ICANN's answer. So we'll be watching those developments. We don't know anything beyond that. We urge you to read what's out there now, and I think that gives you some expectation of what the issues on the table would be when the proceedings begin.
Jim Bidzos: Yes. Ygal, this is Jim. George is exactly right. The term responsible expense control for us means that, first and foremost, investment in our infrastructure to provide the critical infrastructure services that we do provide is simply mandatory. We make all of those, but we manage responsibly where we can. And as George said, next round of earnings will give you full 2024 guidance.
Jim Bidzos: Yes. That is all of the events around the world, whether it's Ukraine or the Middle East, all of those, we believe, are impacting the economy and indirectly are part of the geopolitical issues that affect some of the macroeconomic trends and headwinds that we're seeing. And I think those are broad and you're seeing that effect for companies -- tech companies, I think, across the board. That one is tough to assess how it's going to impact us in the future. It's relatively the events, they are relatively recent. So I don't know that we have any real insight into anything we can identify at this point. I can tell you, at least from what I'm seeing publicly, I think there are certainly challenges in the Chinese market, and that's obviously the biggest impact, and that seems to be felt broadly across the tech space as well. But we monitor these things we observe them. Nothing to report right now. I appreciate your question. I just don't have any trend data or transcends even really to share at this point. Certainly, they do have some negative impact. People are more cautious, interest rates rise, all sorts of second and third order effects occur from these. And that's what we were alluding to when we talk about them. They do sort of put some pressure on the business. Interest rates, in particular -- no particular order all of the things we mentioned. And as George said, what we do then as a result is we focus on what we can control. We make absolutely certain that we're delivering our services in accordance with our contracts. That's first and foremost. And secondly, we engage frequently constantly in responsible expense control. Those are the things we can do, and our business model allows us to deliver solid quarters while we wait for better economic climate.
