D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to give you a progress update on our execution against the strategic framework we shared with you during our last call. Our strategic framework is how we're thinking about the business across 4 areas of focus that we believe will drive value creation. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business effectively. First, we protect the business by providing unparalleled registry services and network performance while acting as responsible stewards for the infrastructure which we operate. As discussed earlier, we will continue to work with the Department of Commerce towards the renewal of our .com agreement. Second, with respect to growth, as you may have noticed, ICANN has given updates to its timeline and process for their new gTLD program. As you may recall, 12 of our 14 applications were for IDN versions of .com and .net. Third, as evidenced by our continued filing of patent applications, we are focused on innovation and value creation through new services that we can build around the Domain Name System. And fourth, we believe in managing the business responsibly from a financial perspective. We believe that continuing to deliver on these 4 areas, with the right balance, should provide unparalleled performance for our customers, businesses and consumers that rely on our critical infrastructure as well as creating value for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Walter, this is Jim. We're in that process so it would really be inappropriate to say anything about the process itself. But let me just reiterate that the status of our ability to operate .com is not an issue here. The performance, in terms of security and stability, is not an issue. As you recall, in the Cooperative Agreement, the Commerce Department gives its consent to what we negotiated with ICANN and it approves that agreement based on the public interest, which is defined as security and stability and registry services on reasonable prices, terms and conditions. It consults with other agencies, as necessary, in its review. That's the process we're in. We're engaged with them. There is a possibility that it will not be complete by November 30, as we said in our press release and as we've reiterated here. And I wish I could tell you more but I think that's probably the appropriate amount of information given that we're in the process. As soon as we can, we'll share more information with you.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim again. Well, they have a review process, they have the right to review and that's what they're doing. We're in that process. I think to provide any level of detail, it's inappropriate. The process isn't complete. I can only tell you that we're participating in it. We'd like it to be done by November 30, but it is possible that it will extend beyond that. And until we're ready to tell you more, I think that's probably all the information we can give you at this point.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. They were involved back in 2006 when the Cooperative Agreement was put together and the associated amendment. The Commerce Department is the party with which VeriSign has entered into the Cooperative Agreement, and the Commerce Department has the responsibility for review and the obligations to VeriSign to act in the public interest against the 2 standards in the agreement, security and stability and registry services. It consults with other government agencies. The Justice Department was involved back in 2006, so this is not the first time that they've been involved.
D. James Bidzos: I think given the process and where it is right now, I think it would be -- well, under most circumstances, it would be inappropriate for me to do that as much as I may want to. But no, I can't do that. At this point I think given the process which is really the Commerce Department's process, although we are involved in it, that would be inappropriate for me to comment on.
D. James Bidzos: I think most of what I would say probably falls under the process that we're currently in. But I would say to you that as we say, as we mentioned earlier during the call, as I talked about and as George talked about, it is, to a large extent, the efficiencies that we see in the business, I think, are due to the fact that we've been running the business more efficiently. Recall of course, that we've just completed a major 5-year restructuring going from over 5,000 employees to about 1,000, shedding numerous non-core businesses, having cash that is a result of proceeds from the sale of non-core businesses, a long-term 5-year divestiture program, and our focus on managing the business efficiently and on operating discipline and on being very focused. So I would say that I think we've done a very good job over the last 5 years of optimizing the business, running it very efficiently, understanding where we are. 2011 was the first year that we really operated on a full year basis as sort of the new VeriSign, focused on one particular business, that being the Registry Services business. Prior to that, we were always something else. It wasn't until past the midpoint of 2010 that we actually completed the sale of the Authentication business. So we've just come off in 2011 and now in 2012, the first year and second year of actually being a focused registry business and it takes some time to adjust to that and as we've adjusted, we've discovered efficiencies because we focus on it. We operate the business efficiently, we target efficient operation. Generally, the result of that is improving margins. So I would say that, that's a very important part of VeriSign's margin story and its efficient business.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. Let me make a couple of comments to address that question, then I'll let George and Pat comment as appropriate here. First of all, you'll recall that back in 2009, that was really the first time that we saw a major change in search algorithms that targeted the monetization players who were essentially trying to exploit the search engine algorithm to get themselves placed higher in results so that they could drive traffic and monetize it themselves. We saw that over a period of time, after those changes, there was some recovery and the monetization community adapted to it. We saw in 2012, changes which affected Q2, which we've discussed with you before. I think there is a more serious effort by the search engine algorithm players here to sort of clean up search results and improve the quality, as Pat said, to drive some of the monetization community down further. So we discussed in the last call, the Panda and Penguin programs, for example, that Google utilized where they were targeting content farms, they were targeting keyword stuffers and now they're also targeting exact name matches, which typically are monetization names often. So for example, if you search for purple blue widgets, and purplebluewidgets.com happens to be a registered domain, that in the past, would've been likely to score very high in the search results. However, if the search engine algorithm is tweaked to go out and consider other factors, the age of the domain, how many pages are on it, how fresh is some of the content and give it a score, essentially, on how likely it is that it's truly quality content that the searcher might be interested in versus something that had been set up for monetization purposes, I think the search engine algorithms are essentially targeting that kind of traffic to get it out. You'll also recall that back in 2009, we said that roughly 9% of the zone, as far as we could tell, were so-called advertising names. We're not at a point right now to tell you exactly what that number is today. But I think there might be some developments where other domains have sort of -- other TLDs have targeted in a sense, this monetization community and possibly, some of those names may have been drawn away over the years and moved to other areas, which is, in a sense, a good thing because it means that these changes, while they are making a difference and I know you see that every day, we do too, of course, and while it may take longer to recover depending on how intense and how sustained these campaigns are, the fact is that there may be fewer of these names to work on in .com because of the move to other TLDs. I know Pat watches this very, very closely and George does as well so I'll invite them to comment.
D. James Bidzos: If I can just add to that, I agree entirely with what George said, I just feel that I should add the caveat, of course, as you know, we've just come off the restructuring, we've optimized, we've run the business much more efficiently, but I'm sure a lot of you have seen in the news recently, the number of DDoS attacks against financial institutions. Some of them sustained, some of them still continuing today, more sophisticated, larger in scale. I would just say that given the nature and growth of these attacks, obviously, we don't budget for the kinds of things that we might need to do to adapt as some of these attacks grow but it is a fact that you're seeing playing out in today's headlines every day, the kind of attacks against infrastructure, against targets for political or other reasons by nation states, at least, it's alleged in some cases. So the caveat is while we run the business very efficiently, events could of course, always dictate that we do need to make capital investments in order to stay ahead of the curve. That's how we got to where we are today with the uptime record that we have. Without getting into the process that we're in with DOC and DOJ, the question earlier about what sort of VeriSign's position is. I mean, I would just simply point out that VeriSign has an unparalleled record of performance in the operational availability of .com and .net and our focus is there and that's our first job and that's the primary requirement of the ICANN contract in terms of the SLAs and that's the first of our 4-part strategy framework, so we do focus there a lot. I think VeriSign's story sort of speaks for itself. We've supported an infrastructure that has allowed e-commerce to flourish and numerous billions of dollars of economic activity sit and rely on the infrastructure and I think it just simply speaks for itself that VeriSign is the secure and stable provider of that infrastructure, that's job 1 and whatever it takes to maintain that, we will.
D. James Bidzos: Let me just clarify. Are you talking about the applications we've made directly for the IDNs, the International...
D. James Bidzos: I think it's hard to say. I mean that's an assessment that would be made on a case-by-case basis. But .com is different so it's really hard to say. We don't -- we haven't done any planning that would have us in a vertical integration scenario as an operating business. Our focus is really, security and stability first, and quite frankly, I think it might be awkward to actually act as a registrar ourselves. It's a very different business and as you may know, we were at one point, many years ago, in that business. When we first bought Network Solutions in June of 2000, it was of course, both a registry and a registrar and it wasn't until a few years later, I believe it was around 2003 when we sold off the retail part of that business and it was very different. So given the new sort of single focus that VeriSign is in right now, as a registry services provider, whose first mission is availability, when you consider for example, over the last 6 years, through a major restructuring, through the 2007, 2008, 2009 economic downturn, we've been able to maintain a record of security and stability. I'm sure a lot of you saw that just over the last few weeks, there were some major outages. I won't mention the names, but a large registrar and a large web services company just over the last few weeks had extended outages. If that happened to .com, I think there'd be a lot more tension, there'd be a lot more people affected, there'd be a lot more economic loss. So I sort of like us as a model focused on doing one thing, which is providing absolutely secure and stable infrastructure because there is just too much that depends on it here.
D. James Bidzos: And don't forget, in the ICANN agreement, in addition to the increased ICANN fees under the new .com registry agreement negotiated with ICANN, there are also far more stringent SLAs so we need to pay attention to that as well. So kind of paying higher fees and asked to do a little bit more, but that's what VeriSign does at .com.
D. James Bidzos: Well, under the agreement that was negotiated and approved with ICANN. It contains different ICANN fees that we pay, which George talked about. And it also includes more stringent SLAs. We are actually going to be -- we are already operating, obviously, as you know, given our uptime record. We are already operating beyond any published SLAs but the contract itself specifies the service levels that we have to provide and those have actually been made more stringent for VeriSign in the new agreement. So there's some good benefits for ICANN in that agreement.
D. James Bidzos: We're doing what we started saying, I believe, 2 or 3 quarters ago, that we were going to optimize NIA, we were going to structure it better for better quality of revenue. That originally when it was put together, it was focused on bookings growth. We've stopped focusing on bookings. We now focus on revenue and we're aligning expense with revenue and I'll just say that the team has really been working hard there and we've made really good progress and we're pleased with the direction that, that's moving. So it's more of the same, but we're very happy with the progress that we're making. I think that was the right thing for us to do and it's going well. I think that probably, it's helping us contribute to our efficient business, improving margins, increased revenue. It's not obviously, material or large enough that we call it out separately but it's moving in the right direction and we're very pleased with it.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I don't want to give any guidance here, but I don't think that's -- I don't think you should expect that to happen. I don't believe it will be material in 2013, let me put it that way.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim, let me just make a general comment then I'll ask Pat to give you a little bit more color. Yes, there were some macroeconomic headwinds, as we said earlier, particularly in Europe. Certainly, the search engine algorithm changes are a very large factor. Every year and every quarter that the zone grows, we see the law of large numbers, as we refer to it, come into play as well. Clearly, percentage growth will slow as the size of the zone gets larger. So there are a number of different factors. We have some analytics but we don't break that out separately but perhaps Pat can give you a little bit of color.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, I'd be happy to, Walter. The number of names up for renewal in the fourth quarter is 24 million names.
George E. Kilguss: Sterling, this is George. In the quarter, we absolutely saw that -- well, obviously, .net names are a function of both gross additions, less the deleting names and we took a look at the additions in the quarter, they total about $7.8 million as compared to about 7.9 million names in the last year. So it was down about 1% in that comparative period and when you look at the names deleting out of the zone, we saw those deletions be about 6.4 million this quarter versus about 5.9 million a year ago. So we absolutely have seen an increase in deletions. And when we look at those deletions, we're seeing an increase in them in the international markets. And so our renewal rates, internationally, have come down a little bit. We are still doing more analysis on it, we don't have it by country, but it just seems to be related to the European economy in general is where we're seeing the deletes increase year-over-year.
George E. Kilguss: And only thing I would add, Gregg, is that if you look back historically, we do have a little bit of seasonality in the third quarter. Typically, Q1 and Q2 are always a little heavier from a gross registration perspective than Q3 and Q4 are. This particular year in 2012, we actually had an extraordinary strong Q1 and Q2 and so while numerically, decline looks a little steeper in Q3, Q3 this year is falling relatively on top of last year's Q3 gross adds from that perspective.
George E. Kilguss: So Ed, this is George Kilguss. So in the quarter in general, our total operating costs stayed relatively level with last quarter. We had some movements in the pieces, we saw general and administrative expenses increase by about $3.9 million related to some of the legal costs we had with the DOC and the new gTLD program. And they were offset by some lower spend in our sales and marketing. As you may have known, we had a transition in our leadership and our marketing area, and so we had some underspend in that area, at least in the third quarter. But we at least managed those costs and they offset one another in the quarter. So we, again, look for efficiencies but for example, in the fourth quarter, which we talked about, we will have a change in the ICANN registration fees. Those will go on a more variable basis, instead of a fixed basis. So they'll go up to about $0.25 per name. So starting December 1, we'll see the fees paid to ICANN increase in cost of about $750,000 a month. So costs do vary, but we're doing our best to try to offset those increased costs with efficiencies from the long tail of the restructuring.
George E. Kilguss: We absolutely will see increased expenses from ICANN in Q4. Having said that, we'll only have about 1 month of that. We still believe we'll be in excess of 55%, but we do have rising cost and we continue to look for opportunities to offset those rising costs as we move forward.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat, Harris. We take a look at the growth opportunities for international domain names, as George said previously, we do see a little bit of drawdown in the European markets. However, we do continue to see growth in India and China and other Asia-Pac countries. And so I think that when you take a look at what our 2013 focus will be in terms of growth opportunities, it really will be China and India. So I think there's good growth coming from those areas.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So basically, what happens with -- what they're trying to attempt to do is to push those search results down further in the rankings. And so therefore, Google is trying to push that down to increase -- or any algorithm search engine is trying to increase their own revenue. So basically, these domains end up being further down in the search results and those are clicked on less. I mean that's it's -- basically, that's the basics.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So one of the types of models that Jim is referring to is the one that .tk runs. And so, .tk basically gives away domain registrations for a set of criteria which includes an ad revenue share. So we believe that there's some data that shows that people are using or going to that type of model and registering domains in .tk to drive pure registration without the initial investment that was required within a .com or a .net registration. Those domain names will be up for a while, they develop those names and then the .tk registry itself can take those names back if certain objectives aren't made with the registrar under the domain name, and therefore, continues to be a registration that is run by the registry operator itself.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. So Gregg, there's been no change in that from the standpoint of where we are. The application window closed so we're not able to take on additional partners at this time. But basically, that process is moving ahead as ICANN has planned. And basically, they've been able to keep a better target on their current timeline such that we believe that, that will transpire in fall of 2013.
Patrick S. Kane: So I think that's across the board that they've done that, I think that .com would of course, always be -- it's different. It will always be looked at differently and so I wouldn't suggest that, that's something that we would do if it was thrown out there but .com is always going to be looked at differently by Commerce and Justice, as Jim has talked about previously. So while it's available, I don't know that it's exactly available to .com.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. When you take a look at the renewal rate, that's largely -- where we've seen the shortfalls, really it's largely coming from monetization-type customers. I mean, that's individuals with large portfolios of domains, making pennies off of hundreds of thousands of domains, taking a look at what makes sense for their portfolio. So I would attribute the renewal rate more towards monetization than the macroeconomic trends right now although there's some in there. When you take a look at the new units, things that we have coming out of Europe right now, we're seeing registrars position domain names in the purchase flow that benefit local currency. So they're paying -- if it's a euro-based country, they're taking euro-based registrations and then we, of course, take all of our registrations in U.S. dollars. So there's some of that, that we see as part of the slight shortfall that we have in new units.
