James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we discuss the quarter, let me say a few words. As you've read in our second quarter earnings press release, Mark McLaughlin will be leaving the company on August 25, and I will be reassuming the positions of President and CEO effective August 1. Mark is leaving VeriSign to become CEO of a private company. We will discuss this transition in more detail after we review our second quarter results.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mark.
James Bidzos: Thank you, Mark, and thanks for all you've done. We all wish you the best.  Looking forward, the company is well positioned to continue growing for the remainder of this year and beyond. We'll now take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
James Bidzos: This is Jim, I just want to point out as well that, well, the second quarter was the second largest in the company's history for net new adds. It was the largest 2Q net new adds in the company's history.
James Bidzos: Okay, sure. Well, first of all, we'll look for another CEO, and I assume we'll conduct a search to do that. Right now, I'm focused on taking full advantage of Mark's willingness to be here until August 25 and ensure a smooth transition, so that's sort of my focus. We're in a transition. That's essentially a succession plan we've had in place. This news is just a few days old. But I'm really focused on taking advantage of Mark's availability and just working through a smooth transition and probably have more to say about it next time we talk.
James Bidzos: Dan, this is Jim. With respect to IDNs, we haven't given any guidance for 2012 of course. But the first IDNs actually don't go operational until January of 2013. So it's too early for us to be talking about that.
James Bidzos: I thought you said IDN specifically. If you're talking about new gTLDs, I'm sorry if I misunderstood.
James Bidzos: Yes, if you -- Jim. If you got to ICANN's website, their program is to take applications during the first few months of 2012, review them, make announcements at the end of the year. And then the first ones, at the earliest, would go operational in 2013. We're talking about 2 gTLDs, I just want to be clear. And that -- then of course obviously, we would have negotiate venture into relationships to provide registry and back-end services to these new gTLD operators. So I would expect that there would be some amount of time to trail the operation of some of these before we actually get involved and have any revenue that we could talk about or forecast.
James Bidzos: And this is Jim, just adding a comment here as well. And -- Brian's right. It really depends on how people use some of these new gTLDs, which aren't entirely clear -- isn't entirely clear at this point. There may be people who applied to operate one of them for the purpose of selling names and making a business of it. If we were the back-end registry provider, we might have a certain type of relationship based on their exploitation of that gTLD. There are other folks from marketing or branding purposes or other recognition purposes that may operate it, that may not be primarily about selling domain names in that gTLD, we may have an entirely different model for that. We really need to wait and see what emerges, who applies, who succeeds and how they plan to use it. But again, having the premier most reliable, longest-standing registry operation, we certainly see that as an opportunity however it does play out.
James Bidzos: Sure. I -- let me try to answer that question on a slightly broader level that I think will address the specific question that you raised. As I mentioned, this is a 4-year restructuring. We're at the tail end of it. But we have a management team that's executing on a strategy that's been developed in conjunction with the board over a number of years. Mark was on the board, I'm on the board, obviously, as Chairman. I've also been Executive Chairman. I've worked closely with his management team. But basically, there is no change in our strategy. There is no change in any of the company's outlook, forecast, its management team, its ability to operate, its commitment for growth. There's no change in our commitment to return value to shareholders, and there's no change in our commitment to grow. And if that makes sense through M&A, we've talked about tuck-in M&A where it might make sense. We still view that as an opportunity. We believe we have enough cash on hand for those opportunities that arise. But at this point, we don't see nor do we expect any significant M&A activity that would change the strategy that we're on.
James Bidzos: Sure, this is Jim. Let me address that again. I think, first of all, we -- our best information about what's likely to emerge in the new gTLD space comes from ICANN's own forecast. I think that their most optimistic expectations that they talked about are somewhere possibly near 1,000 ultimately. How long that takes them, when that ever gets realized, we're not sure. Again, we don't know how many new gTLD operators will come into the business primarily to sell domain names. So what that name space and what that opportunity represents from that perspective is just really, really difficult to identify. We just simply can't tell you. I think the best way to think about this is that it's a market that's going to emerge in a way that's yet undetermined. And that we, as the longest operating registry with the longest record of uptime and availability and reliability, are best positioned to exploit that market. That's the best offering we have, to be essentially the premier service provider, to what will undoubtedly be a number of people who have no registry experience. ICANN has also said that one of the most important things about a top-level domain is that the operation has to be demonstrably secure. It needs reliability and security, first and foremost, and so I think that bodes well for our opportunity. But I think it's just virtually impossible for us to predict what that market might look like, how big it might grow and what direction it might take. So I hope that answered that question.
Brian Robins: Phil, this quarter, there's -- as far as the margin side, there's a couple of things I want to touch on. As I said in my prepared remarks, we reported an operating margin of 51.7% for the second quarter, the onetime expense reversal $6 million added 3.1%. So if you adjust for this operating margin on a normalized basis, it would've been 48.6%. The increase in the second quarter was attributed to a couple of things. We had a slower ramp in new hires than anticipated, and we achieved across-the-board G&A savings. And then finally, we really completed the transition from the West Coast to the East Coast. We only have a few employees remaining on the West Coast that we're transitioning, and the last employee is being notified on August 3. So I think from a margin perspective, we've taken out most of the excess, if you will. We did increase our operating exit run rate guidance at the end of the year to, say, it'd be at least 48% from 46%, 48%. So we will continue to try to extract savings out of the business. On the cash side, yes, I guess, first, let's step back. And one of the things that we said earlier was that over the course of the -- of 2011, is we would return the remaining proceeds from the Authentication Services divestiture, if you look from Q4 to this quarter, we paid about $1 billion in special dividends, $200 million in contingent interest and have done about $315 million of buybacks. So we've returned about $1.5 billion, which is in excess of proceeds that we received from Symantec. We have just have over $1 billion remaining on the buyback authorization. If you look at the balance sheet, about a little over $300 million is domestic, about $1.1 billion is international. And we're committed to returning value to shareholders, and we'll evaluate quarterly on the most effective way of achieving it.
Brian Robins: Steve, this Brian. Yes, if you take a step back, we said at the beginning of the year that the new names in the zone would grow about 7% to 9% yearly. And so as we sit here today, it looks like the net new names will be right in the middle of that range. In Mark's prepared remarks, he said the renewal rate be approximately 73.5%. And so we also saw the net new -- I'm sorry, the new registrations for the names to be the second largest in the company's history. And so there was a little decline over first quarter, but we still feel pretty comfortable with the 8 -- 7% to 9% year-over-year rate in the middle of that range.
Brian Robins: Sterling, this is Brian. On the Go Daddy front, there -- continue to be a really important customer. There was no disruption that we saw in the quarter, very focused, and they executed well during the quarter. On the revenue programs, as I stated earlier, we run a number of programs throughout the year. We did nothing different in the second quarter that we've done in previous quarters, and we actually increased our revenue guidance for the year and narrowed the range.
Brian Robins: Okay. Couple of different things there. So on the margin side, 48.5%, 48.6%, how do you feel about the 48% on a go-forward basis. There's a couple of things. One is we're ramping up our hiring, and so we're -- there's a timing delta that will come on in the second half of the year. Secondly, as we took possession, if you will, of our new headquarters on July 1, which adds approximately $2 million a quarter run rate from an expense perspective, and there's a couple of other things that are happening. And so as I stated earlier, in previous calls, when we announced the Authentication sales, there's going to be some lumpiness between sort of the sale and the final transition. And so there are some onetime things that happened this quarter that won't repeat themselves in third and fourth quarter. And so we wanted to increase the guidance, and we said at least 48% exit operating margin in the fourth quarter.
Brian Robins: Hey, this is Brian. International continues to be about 39% of our base. We report the international names by where the registrar is located and not by where the end users at. We recently have seen an increase in resellers changing registrars and consolidation in the industry. Because the names don't switch until they're renewed, it's becoming difficult for us to track this activity. Therefore, the international growth that we report versus domestic growth is getting a little cloudier. However, international continues to be very important and is still growing. So for instance, China grew 16% year-over-year, EMEA grew about 13% year-over-year and India has grown about 11% year-over-year.
Brian Robins: Yes. So as I mentioned earlier, I think it was Sterling's question, it's -- it was less than Q1. It was immaterial. And we've guided towards revenue for the full year, and it's included in the revenue guidance.
Brian Robins: Dan, this is Brian. I'll take the -- let me take the NIA one, first. And then either myself, Mark or Jim will take the TLD one. On NIA, we really like this space. As we said previously, we estimate it to be at a million -- $1 billion market with double-digit growth. Our teams had a great quarter. As I talked about this, we basically rebuilt the management team and the sales team, put together the product roadmap and are now out executing on that. And so in the quarter, we exceeded our bookings target, and we're continuing to build our sales force. We believe with our brand and operational performance, this is our market to lose. And so we haven't given any guidance specifically on that, but we're doing better than expected.
Brian Robins: Hey, Ed, this is Brian. The -- as Mark and Jim alluded to, the application window opens on January 12 and closes on April 12. And so it's really early in the process, and we don't know what the requirements are going to be for back-end service options, if you will. And so we have-- the team has been busy from business development perspective, working with a number of brands and registrars and setting up partnerships, but really depends based on what the applications are that they want us to do from a back-end perspective. We feel from a company perspective, with our operational performance and our 100% uptime for over a dozen years, that we're really well positioned to be the key player there.
Mark McLaughlin: Steve, it's Mark. Yes, the entire executive team is on the East Coast at this point. So the transition is complete.
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, so -- the -- where I'm going will get announced next week, so we won't' talk anymore about that. VeriSign is, as I think you know how I feel about it, is a fantastic company. I've got about 10 years of total time at VeriSign. It's been an absolute pleasure to work with the team, and particularly, in the last 3 years, gone through a lot of the restructuring, taking the company forward. So I kind of look at this as an apples-to-oranges situation. The opportunity I'm going to an is a private, pre-public company, got the opportunity to possibly take a company public. I haven't done that in my career before, so I think that's a good career opportunity for me. So it says nothing about VeriSign as to where I'm going, because this company is a hell of a great company, very stable, and it's got a great future.
Mark McLaughlin: Sterling, it's Mark. I think that whole period in 2007 coming in, into the first quarter of 2008 had the PPC phenomenon. And at which -- I'll call that a phenomenon. So in the absence of something very specific like that happen, I think you continue to see a more steady growth rate than that sort of pop we saw for 4 or 5 quarters back there, when you had 4 million names.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. Dan, the timeline given what ICANN just did in Singapore, is applications will be accepted starting in January 2012. Then there's that -- that will take basically the course of that year to run through the application process and all that's going to occur. They'll be awarded near the end of 2012. So as Jim is saying is you can expect to see new gTLDs actually hit the zone sometime in the late 2012 or early 2013. So from a contribution standpoint for 2012, it would be minimal regardless, and we haven't given any guidance for 2012 yet.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So on the IDN front specifically, the -- well, there's -- not to overcomplicate things, but there's 2 categories just to keep things straight. There is IDN which are the zone today already. We have about 1 million of those names in the zone. That means that the internationalized version of the name .englishcom, those names grow at about the same rate as the rest of our zone. The second type which is IDN.IDN or what people call the trans federations are in the new gTLD category. And as Jim said, from a timing perspective, you wouldn't see them hit the market until we are through the application process, because we would apply for those. So impact-wise, it'd be 2013 before we would be live or late 2012, I think, before we would be live in the market. So they're included in that new gTLD.
