James Bidzos: Thanks George. There's little, if any disagreement in the statements made by many tech company leaders over the last few weeks on economic conditions. They expect the uncertainty they see today to continue for the foreseeable future. This macroeconomic uncertainty was a factor that influenced our revised domain base growth guidance. While we can't do much to change the pace of economic recovery from the pandemic or the geopolitical and macroeconomic events and forces that contribute to the downturn, we can and we will focus on what is within our ability, managing our business with the unconditional prioritization of delivering on our mission. This includes exercising careful and responsible expense management, some of which is evident in our Q2 results reported today, announcing as described earlier, a price increase for .net registrations, which we have held flat for five years, identifying and pursuing new growth opportunities such as .web, safely transitioning our teams to a new hybrid and flexible work environment which is currently underway, working to ensure VeriSign remains a company that will attract and retain top talent, and continually evaluating and optimizing our efforts to efficiently return value to our shareholders. This focus on what we can manage will continue to service well for the long-term success of the business. In closing, we're confident that the long-term fundamentals of our business are unchanged and remain strong. Thanks for your attention today. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
James Bidzos: Okay, thanks. Good question. Well first let me say that with respect to the sequential decrease while infrequent, this isn't the first time we've seen a sequential decrease in a domain name base after an acceleration of registrations in the prior year. The last time we saw it several years ago within a few quarters registrations have normalized. So we're keeping an eye on the current situation with that precedent in mind. What we did see is an acceleration of the domain name base growth rate during the pandemic in 2020 and much of 2021. That acceleration demand has now subsided. I mentioned last quarter that one of the factors to consider is that in our Q1 earnings was the component of growth attributable to the pandemic had subsided. This is confirmation that that is what we are seeing in 2020 and 2021. The accelerated demand has now subsided. So we're seeing the year-over-year growth rate slow as a result. However, if we look at the longer term trend, we're seeing that the current pace of new registrations look more similar to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, renewal rates are strong and remained strong. So while there's broad macroeconomic uncertainty, we don't see any change in the underlying fundamental long-term drivers that we think are positive for our business and there continues to be demand for domain names.
James Bidzos: Yes, sure. So we have seen a slight decline in the first time renewal rates in the quarter, but that's due to a higher proportion of names renewing from China this quarter. So what we do see though, is a continued strong renewal rate for previously renewed names. The previously renewed rate has stayed in the mid 80% range and it's actually improved over time. And additionally, as a larger portion of the base becomes previously renewed, that trend helps the overall renewal rate. We're also seeing the cohort of names related to the accelerated demand that I referred to during the pandemic, those names are renewing at strong rates. Those additional names have been positive for the business. So that's a strong point that underlines our confidence going forward in the core strength of the business renewal rates in particular.
James Bidzos: Well, I think those are broad modular to use a math term that modular the Chinese names that we had from the year ago quarter, which tend to renew at a lower first time renewal rate. So the remaining are not limited to north America. No real geographic specificity there. I think those are geographically very broad and those renewal rates are strong, yes. So those are quality names.
James Bidzos: Well, we've as you know, back in 2020 in the early stages of the pandemic, we froze all of our TLDs, including .net. .net’s current level, unchanged level of pricing without price increases does go back five years. We study the market and we make those decisions. There's nothing specific to the current conditions that that that decision is based on. It's just a result of our studying the market. .net still represents lot of value. The other so-called legacy TLDs are all priced slightly above .net, so it's very competitive in a market. And as you noted, the price increase takes effect February 1st of next year.
James Bidzos: Okay. Let me parse that a little bit. So yes, we certainly will make our filing on time tomorrow, no doubt about that. And yes, you you're right, this is a slightly different part of the process. I think it might be fair to characterize everything that's gone up, gone on until now, basically a process that was held in front of the IRP panel, the Independent Review Process panel, which is sort of a close, close to arbitration, form of arbitration. That panel made its ruling and sent it back to ICANN and had ICANN make a decision. ICANN took the step in a board meeting earlier this year to direct this existing committee to address the issue and follow the instructions of the panel, which is for ICANN to decide these issues. Their process, that committee that's assigned the task of resolving this issue asked for these filings, so of course will make ours. So we are in a stage where ICANN has now at the direction of the panel after years of litigation, then given the responsibility to resolve these issues, these are, this is all tied to ICANN policies and procedures, and they're going about it in this manner. So we're hopeful that we're in a different phase and we're optimistic that there are some assigned timeframes here, we'll certainly comply with them. As to any details of our filing or anything of that nature, that this is a pending legal process, so obviously we won't make any comments on that. But we've always said that we look forward to being the registry operator for .web. We see it as an opportunity to introduce a new TLD and offer our customers more choice. That is unchanged. I think at this point it's in ICANN’s hands and they have a process and we look very much forward to hearing from them.
James Bidzos: Yes, well, you're right. I referred to comments that other tech leaders have made just simply to point out that we're in sort of an unprecedented situation here economically. I mean, there's obviously a lot going on. I just wanted to separate that from things that we really can't directly impact the things that we can't control. I guess another way to look at it is to say again what I said last quarter that I don't want to trivialize the pandemic and there's absolutely no intent to do that, but we do see this as a bump in the road in the long-term effort to build this business. That's what our efforts are really about. We have our eye on the long-term and it's unchanged. There's certainly some uncertainty and we factored it in. But to your question about the confidence we have or the guidance or other things that we said, well, first of all we have three months more data. We have a substantial amount of data. We track a tremendous amount of data, not just about the zone, but other things. But some of those other macroeconomic factors, I mean, obviously there's a bit of a slowdown in things like online advertising and ecommerce. And those are certainly factors that impact domain names. So there's consideration given to those factors that maybe we can't control, but we recognize them and we make some assessments about them. But in terms of our own zone, we have a lot of data, and that certainly plays a huge role in putting our forecasts and guidance together. And I'll just reiterate again, that our confidence in the fundamentals of our business is strong. The business is strong, the renewal rates are strong. We see this, we see, we do expect that things will normalize at some point. We're just being cautious about when that will be, and we're focusing on what we control and that's what I really wanted to focus my final prepared comments on. There are things we can control and we're going to focus on them. And, but we're going to run the business for the long-term. That's absolutely what we're here to do. We're undeterred by everything that's going on in that focus. So I think the intent there was to just make it clear what you can expect from us.
James Bidzos: Thank you, operator. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation. This concludes our call. Have a good evening.
