George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim and good afternoon everyone. During the third quarter, we generated revenue of $255 million, up 4.7% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $139 million, up 5.1% from $133 million in the third quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 54.7%, compared to 54.5% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $95 million compared to $81 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.69 in the third quarter this year compared to $0.53 for the third quarter last year. As of September 30, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.2 billion. These assets included $1.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which, $599 million were held domestically with the remainder held internationally. Liabilities totaled $3 billion at the end of the quarter. I'll now review some of our key third quarter operating metrics, which are: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2014 full year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $255 million for the third quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $893 million, a $37 million increase from year end 2013. Third quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $15 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $101 million compared with $98 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $100 million in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter expanded to 60.6% compared to 58.8% in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was $97 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.70 compared to $0.59 in the third quarter of 2013 and $0.68 last quarter. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 138 million shares in the third quarter compared to 141 million shares in the second quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 13.2 million shares based on the average share price during the third quarter, compared with 10.5 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of second quarter repurchase activity and the weighted affect of the 4.2 million shares repurchased during the third quarter. Operating cash flow was $168 million for the third quarter compared to $121 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $134 million in the third quarter last year. Third quarter free cash flow was $150 million. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a tax rate of 28% to calculate our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS. However, as we discussed last quarter, we expect our cash tax rate to stay well below our tax rate used for non-GAAP calculations for at least the next several years. In 2014, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $45 million, which primarily relate to international taxes including the $28 million in foreign withholding tax on the repatriation completed during the second quarter. As stated in our news release from August 18, 2014, the upside trigger on our convertible debentures has been met for the 6-month interest payment period from August 15, 2014, to February 14, 2015. As a result, contingent interest of approximately $5.2 million will be paid on the February 15, 2015 for the -- for this initial semiannual period. With respect to our 2014, our full year guidance includes updates to our revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and capital expenditure projections. Revenue for 2014 is now expected to be in the range of $1,006,000,000 to $1,011,000,000, representing an annual growth rate of approximately 4.5%. This is a change from the $1,003,000,000 to $1,012,000,000 given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 60% and 61%, changed from the 59% to 61% range we gave during our last call. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $76 million and $80 million for 2014 and includes the contingent interest expense accrual on our convertible debentures. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. This is a change from the $50 million to $60 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company demonstrated sound financial performance in the third quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with Q3 2013. We have maintained a strong balance sheet and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
George E. Kilguss: Yes sure, Gregg. As Jim mentioned, the net adds came in at 1.15 in the quarter, which was at the high end of our guidance. And gross registrations were really the reason that we got to the high end. 8.7 million was clearly up sequentially in both year-over-year. As Jim mentioned, it was the highest Q3 on record. And in gross registrations, we have really seen China continue to be a growth engine for us. China performed very, very well internationally. We also actually saw one of our large U.S. registers -- registrars -- also refocus on customer acquisition and began using discounts to acquire domain names for their customers. And so we also saw some benefit here domestically as well.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, so look, .net zone growth has been relatively flat all year. We believe, like other gTLDs, .net is experiencing some headwinds from the launch of the new gTLD program that happened earlier this year, about February. That program, that new gTLD program, has accumulated about 2.8 million registrations so far this year. But -- so we are seeing some headwinds from that. As far as long-term, we'll give some views at our next call, but I think it really depends on how the market digests those new gTLDs. There's a number of them coming out. There is quite a bit of confusion in the marketplace, and I think it's having some effects on the industry as a total -- as a whole.
George E. Kilguss: In the G&A, nothing really jumps out to me, Ken. I mean, on a GAAP basis, we did see our stock-based compensation go up a little bit quarter-over-quarter and that's primarily because we have our annual director grants hit us in Q3. And we also use variable accounting for a portion of our performance stock units. And as the stock price is up a little over $6 in the quarter, our stock-based compensation increased a little bit as a result of that. But as far as core expenses, I mean, there were a few movements between the line items, but as I mentioned last quarter, I think you should expect that as we continue to actively manage the business.
George E. Kilguss: And Sterling, I would just like add, I mean, .net was 15.1 million names in the zone versus 15.2 million names. I mean, it's been relatively flat. And so I actually think .net has held up pretty well over the year with all these new names coming on, bringing new names confusion. So I don't view .net's performance as anything negative. I just think it hasn't maybe grown as much or it's been a little flattish just because of the comments Jim was talking about, about the name confusion.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, Sterling. So I mean, we guided 0.7 million to 1.2 million net registrations for the quarter. You did mention that we're out to a little bit of a slow pace in the month of October, but what you have to keep in mind or what I would like to let you know is that there was a -- there's a national Chinese holiday called National Day, which happens the 1st week of October. So as China becomes a larger part of our domain name business, it tends to impact seasonally a little bit more in the months when these holidays occur. So that happened for 7 days in the first month of October and slowed additions a little bit during that time. So we'll see what the zone does. You and I will see it as it's printed on the website. But if you even took where we were today and annualized it, you'd come to the low end of guidance even with that holiday in there. So we feel pretty comfortable with the range that we've articulated there.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the third quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business. We continue to protect the business by providing over 17 continuous years of 100% availability of the .com DNS. This track record is due to the skill of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. Also, we continue to invest in the development of new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position, and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the third quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: I'll let George comment on that. I'll just say that I think we did forecast last quarter. We were quite clear that we believe that our data and our modeling showed that we would see a stabilization in Q3 and Q4. So I think first of all, our modeling systems are serving us well, as what we projected actually did occur. I will just comment as well that Q3 was a record for Q3 gross adds. So the business is strong. I think it's calm as a trusted brand. And I think that, that's primarily at the heart of it, but I'll let George add some comments as well.
D. James Bidzos: Okay. We haven't provided any specific updates this quarter. We continue to invest and work on the development on a number of new initiatives and we are making progress on those. But no update on those and no specific news with respect to the patent program other than it's an active program. And, of course, we're very busy and active in filing patents for our innovative inventions here.
D. James Bidzos: July 29, 2015. That includes our .verisign brand and, of course, that would include the brands that we're providing the back-end services for. In the case of our own non-brand IDN applications, ICANN allows up to a 9-month extension, depending on your request and the circumstances. So without going into the details of our negotiation, we were given an extension beyond the September deadline until December 30th of this year. So we have basically a little over a couple of months to complete the negotiating phase that we're in with ICANN. I think I would say that this is a contract negotiation. This is what ICANN's Board envisioned when they authorized the form of agreement and the negotiating period, so we're engaged in the process. I just don't think I can, or it doesn't make sense, and I really can't go into all of those details. But the new date is December 30th of this year.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. I think when George said that .net was seeing some headwinds from the confusion associated with new gTLDs, I think generally, .net may be more susceptible to that confusion that swirls around new gTLDs. We're talking about hundreds that have already been delegated into the zone and hundreds more coming. So I think there's some consumer and business confusion associated with all of those. There are many plurals and I think .net is maybe more susceptible to that aspect of the new gTLD program. As I mentioned earlier, .com is going to be celebrating its 30th year in 2015 next year. .com is and is also -- .com also enjoys the longest track record of uninterrupted DNS service, 100% uptime in excess of 17 years now. So I think .com is just a strong brand and strong -- and for that reason, it's a trusted brand. And strong, trusted brands always do well. So I think that's the slight differentiation I would point out between .com and .net, that I think .net is more likely to be -- to fall into that category of different or, in this case, new gTLDs, and possibly be more susceptible to issues surrounding the confusion, which I'm afraid may -- it's going to continue. I mean, we're seeing hundreds of more new gTLDs coming and they're coming at the rate of many every single week. So there -- that confusion is likely to get worse.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. Again, .com is a strong brand for the reason of trust, security and stability. I would just point out again that this was the largest net new add -- sorry, largest gross adds in Q3 on record. And this is -- now, we're almost a year into the launch of hundreds of new gTLDs. I think that just points out what the security and stability of .com and the trusted brand of .com represent.
D. James Bidzos: Sorry, if I could just add something, this is Jim. I think another thing to consider with respect to the renewal rate, which you mentioned as well, is that at 72%, which I described in my opening remarks, the renewal rate has ranged between 70% and 74% for the last 5 years. And so we're dead center in the middle of that range.
D. James Bidzos: There's no update -- there's no news that we're actually delivering this quarter other than to say that we're -- if you're referring specifically to the NIA business, we're pleased with the development there, but of course, we're not calling that out separately. And we are aggressively pursuing a number of initiatives in which we are making progress, but there's just no update this quarter.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat Kane. Depending upon the type of TLD it is, it varies. And so if it's a brand customer, it certainly is a flat fee that we do because it's small numbers of registrations. But if it's going to be a more widely distributed customer, they tend to be more minimum payments and then per-domain fees on top of that.
Patrick S. Kane: Well, we've only had 5 go in, so far, that are active. And since most of the ones that we have remaining are brands, we'll see most of those come online in 2015.
Patrick S. Kane: Fred, this is Pat. What I would start off with, as far as the projections go, you're probably best off asking ICANN or better yet, maybe the registrars that actually sell the domains as to what they're thinking. But as Jim mentioned earlier, it's quite possible, and we believe, and we've -- and I've certainly seen written many times that there is additional confusion in the space, whether you have singles, plurals, who's going to buy what in terms of the different areas, what the communities look like, et cetera, and what still has to come out. So I think that there is some confusion. And I think, as Jim pointed out, with all these domains, the TLD that roll out every week, you'll see more and more confusion, I believe.
