Brian Robins: So we bought about 8.1 million shares in the quarter. That's reflected in our weighted average share count, and there's 900,0000 shares that settled after the quarter ended. As folks are aware, we had a material transaction that we disclosed during the quarter, and such transaction would prevent certain blackout periods.
Brian Robins: Dan, this is Brian. The TSAs are not employee-specific. Some of them are employee-specific but they're more task-specific. And so the TSAs range from one month to 24 months, with most of them ending in about nine to 12 months. And so you will see a gradual roll off of the employees over that time period. And they're designed really to create a smooth transition for the customers. And so it's in both of our objectives to get them done sooner than later. And we are working with the transition team that's working hand-in-hand with Symantec on the agreement and on transitioning the certain capabilities over to Symantec.
Brian Robins: There is a number of things, one is on the infrastructure side. Prior to the divestitures, we look at we're building the company where $1.5 billion in revenue, 5,500 employees. And so the corporate infrastructure on the system side is currently slated for a lot more capacity. If you look at the international facilities, facilities around the world, where we obviously need to slim down our facilities, the maintenance cost on those systems and then just the optimization across the entire company on a number of other areas.
Brian Robins: I'll take the headcount first and then I'll talk about the TSAs. On the headcount side, that would be down under 1,000 heads and then we will gradually add back as we look at some of the new investment areas, which would be small and incremental in nature. So you'll see some come out and some net additions, but will be under 1,000 heads. And then on the TSA side, these are structured in a way to the extent that they if they're able to transition them over to Symantec, that the TSAs can be canceled. And so I don't want to give out a number per se and say, "Hey, here's a number that you can build in your model." It maybe longer, it may be shorter, and we want to make sure that the customers have a very smooth transition from VeriSign over to Symantec. You can think about, on an annual basis, it's approximately in the $5 million range. But there may be some puts and takes there on the timing.
Brian Robins: So we didn't give out any specific, on the last call, any specific data around it. Part and parcel because the cash flow is highly dependent on margin and future price increases. And so we haven't given out specific guidance on what cash flow will be for Naming.
Brian Robins: Yes. When we had our last call, we said 8% to 10% of revenue. And so you can expect the CapEx and then maybe some confusion around the CapEx that we reported this quarter. The balance sheet is still consolidated and the P&L was reported into discontinued operations and continuing operations. The CapEx reported this quarter was about 60% Naming and about 40% Authentication.
Brian Robins: This is Brian. There's a couple -- there is a restructuring related to the Authentication sale and then there is the restructuring related to moving Corporate Services from California to the Dulles area; and its outplacement, severance, retention, a lot of exit costs and so forth. And so that's not -- if you have a lease here, you break a lease, there's certain exit costs associated with that and so that's in there.
Brian Robins: There will be a little increase immediately because you'll have a duplication staff on both those. And then once you have a transition completely done, you'll see lowering cost since we have a smaller and more simple business. You'll see lots of back office staff, supporting sort of the front office, if you will. So you will see a reduction over time. And part of what really drove the decision to move from California to Dulles was the fact that 95% of our business is based on the East Coast. And for the people in the back office supporting the business, just better efficiency that they're located closer, same time zone.
Mark McLaughlin: A couple of things, Walter. We continue to see previously renewed names renewing at a higher rate than first-time renewed names. And then the base is trending more towards previously renewed names, so you get an uptake from that. And the second is last year, as I mentioned, registrars run a number of motions around renewals just given the way the economy was trying to keep customers as opposed to spending a lot of money on new customers, and we're seeing the benefit of that come through the renewal rate now.
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. We're fairly consistent in a couple of things. One is the zone today, our zone in .com and .net is approaching 40% on an international basis. So it tends to grow nicely and faster than the domestic base. So we haven't seen any changes in that trend over the last six to eight quarters and its positive effect.
Mark McLaughlin: In order to do that, we have to have that all group from an ICANN perspective as far as them releasing new ccTLD, which a portion of that is the non-english versions of existing TLDs. And that all still appears to be on track for negotiations applications in 2011 with the launch of those things either late 2011 or early 2012.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, it's good. Let's say, with niche in [ph] business, as you know, so just getting that off that ground, Ben Petro joined us recently to think that over, and his doing a good job with the business. We've got a nice pipeline there. One of the things we have to do, given the sale of the Authentication business to Symantec, it's most of our sales resources are going to Symantec. We have been sharing that to get this business off the ground. So we have a little building effort going on there. But Ben is doing a good job, and it's a little early to talk about specifics because I think it's not material enough yet, but we like what we see there.
Mark McLaughlin: No, Sterling, we're fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter here as far as the sources of the names. So PPC is a dead thing. And it's hard to tell any longer, anymore what's in there at all. So it's really just to where we used to call traditional and then broken out between domestic and international. It continues to trend as we've seen, like I said, the last six or eight quarters.
Mark McLaughlin: And Philip, it's Mark. Just one clarification. What Brian said earlier was the 45% range was the exit rate coming out of Q2 2011, not the full year. And we're reticent trying to call the floor here yet without having developed a 2,000-head employment operating plan yet, which it's just too early to do that.
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. We really can't talk about that, but there are a couple of things to highlight here. The increases of the repurchase authorization up to a total of $1.5 billion now and the fact that we bought about $200 million, close to $230 million in the last quarter or so. I think it's safe to say, as we have in previous calls, that we fully -- we have more than enough cash to run the business and we'd be looking for ways to return some [indiscernible].
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible, Rob. We're looking at on the new names coming in the system about a 13% increase in the quarter-over-quarter basis, which is up nicely. So if we go back historically, that's the number that is a high number over the last eight, going on nine quarters. So we've got a nice combination going here if it sticks, of more than double-digit growth on new names coming in and renewal rates trending up nicely as well. So I think we could see nine plus percent unit growth for a while.
Mark McLaughlin: I think it's positive. So a couple of things. One is just related to .com and .net, with the introduction of new TLDs, the expectation that just brings more people to the market. We generally do find that when more people shop to the market. And the second thing, we intend to participate with some of those [indiscernible] growth opportunities for us.
Mark McLaughlin: It is an option that could be pursued, but it's not one of the things that I've mentioned that we're -- the few choices we have procedurally, as the case today.
Mark McLaughlin: It's holding steady at about 1.17 for names that have been in the cage for a while now. So no expectations that would change up or down dramatically for the time being. And then as far as the flow through of the price increase, we've said that, that would be immaterial for this year and then the deferred impact we'd enter it next year.
Mark McLaughlin: It's possible. One of the things that we don't get to see, Todd, is is that registrars will sometimes sell a name for more than one year to a registrant so they collect the money from the registrant for more than one year. But for cash management purposes, they'll turn around to us and register it for a year at a time. So we may only be seeing a year of a name when somebody registers for three years. We'll get all three, but as far as day one, it looks like one year to us.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, in both .com and .net, we have the ability to take one remaining current price increase under the current terms of the contract. We chose to do so and if we did that, we would have to give six months advance notice and it would take an impact next year, May 2011. That's as far away as we could go since we've taken one and it took effect in 2010. If we were to do another one, we'd furlough the effective date effective in 2011.
Mark McLaughlin: I think that would be, I wouldn't be prepared to make that statement, Todd. I think that there's a number of things to be applied here, which is like I said, more names in the base that had previously been renewed, renewing at a higher rate, and then also some of the renewal programs that have been run by the community, I think are primarily what's going on here.
Mark McLaughlin: I think that the traditional base is price sensitive at the current levels. I think that what traditional base is trying dig in a lot of value from the name, for whatever purposes you're using it or they like to keep them so they're buying them and they renew them.
Mark McLaughlin: I'll take that in two parts, Craig. One is programs are generally run all the time. They tend to be in one or two categories. They're either run for new names being sold or renewals, and we've seen the registrar community focus on those more heavily at different times for various reasons. So as far as how they're spending their money, they generally go to those two categories. So does the renewal rate go down from this part [ph], yes, it's possible and if it were the case, then one of the things could be if you had more first-time names up for renewal in a specific quarter, then another quarter, you might see a slight decrease because of that. But as a general matter, we'd said that healthy historical renewal rates trending in the business look to be like in the 70% to low 70%. We saw that last year and we think we're seeing that here.
Mark McLaughlin: So I think of things in three kind of categories there. The first is just in our core business around .com and .net, we tend to benefit from their growing use of the Internet on a global basis. So if you look at the trend, folks coming online, broadband penetration, e-commerce sales, advertising sales, all those things tend to benefit us if they're growing. And all indications are that they will continue to grow for quite some time despite the recessionary that we. So things seem to be back on uptick there. So first and foremost, we believe it will, in fact, continue to grow just from being -- benefiting at having a central location, if you will, on a fast-growing Internet infrastructure on a global basis. The second thing is we have growth opportunities right around that infrastructure related to like the new gTLDs I just discussed, both the new gTLDs themselves plus the internationalized version of the TLDs we run today. And if you take into account everything I've been saying about international growing very nicely, we think that there's some growth opportunities around the non-English versions of the TLDs we run. So that's the second category. And the third category is in the infrastructure itself. So we spent, we continue to spend a lot of time and money on the infrastructure on .com and .net. And in doing that, we know that we have had to do things for a number of years for ourselves to make that infrastructure robust and secure and scalable. And we turn our attention recently to providing services around that for other folks. So we're utilizing some of our learnings from the network, and that some of the things in this network intelligence and availability to discuss we currently have the Investment Mitigation service. We have the network for intelligence. We recently launched a Managed DNS service. And you'll see us do more services that are very close in around the infrastructure itself where we can utilize what all the work and experience we have there. In to the last part of your question, from an acquisition standpoint, I said earlier that you should not expect us to go off and do a big acquisition or try to leverage our way into a different industry. I don't see that in our future. If we have the opportunity, in any of the areas I just went through, to do bolt-on acquisitions that would give us higher growth rates that we're seeing today on things that we understand very, very well and if we can get an attractive price, we would be open to look at that. But we're being very careful and disciplined in doing that.
Mark McLaughlin: I wanted to clarify in my prepared comments I said that -- let me answer your question and I'll clarify. The -- procedurally one or two things can happen with the case right now. We could request further appellate review, which means we could request a review at the Supreme Court level. Or if we don't do that, if we choose not to do that, then the case would be what's called remanded back to the District Court where a trial would start. We have 90 days from the date of the Ninth Circuit decision, which was on July 9, to make the decision as to which of those two avenues we would go.
Mark McLaughlin: Shaul, it's Mark. We're working with a number of vendors so DNSSEC is -- the best way to think about is that it's a standard that has been developed over the past 10 years by the IETF, a lot of groups involved with this. And then based on that standard, it's now being rolled out across the entire domain name system, which will affect the Internet. The very first step in that is to apply at the root level and some serve [ph] runs to root servers, the A and the K. We were involved for the last 10 years in working on this with a whole host of folks in standards, bodies, industry, ICANN, Commerce Department [Department of Commerce] international governments, a lot of players. What you'll see now is the DNSSEC technology rolled out across the entire domain name system, .com, .net, other TLDs, etc. ISPs will do some updates. So this is just the beginning of a large scale rollout, but it's taken some time to get everything dealt with.
