D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the third quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while delivering value. We have protected our business by providing over 15 years of 100% availability of the .com and .net registries. This track record is due to the strength and experience of our people, our commitment to excellence, our specialized and purpose-built network, and the extensive redundancy built into our infrastructure. Our focus on innovation supports our business growth initiatives as we continuously work to develop new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively through expansion of our operating margins and delivering value to shareholders. In addition to the $300 million to $400 million expected income tax benefit, we announced today, through the third quarter of this year, we have repurchased 16.9 million shares for $797 million, representing 11% of the 153.4 million shares that were outstanding at the end of 2012. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Well we don't -- we obviously can't guide to the expenses directly attributable to any new product or anything specific about the product's expenses. But going back to what we set out as goals for some of the innovation that we funded, going back over a year ago, we look for products and that would leverage the existing network that could be covered by intellectual property for us and that yielded margins similar to the core business. So those are the goals for the new products. And when we say that we're pleased with the progress that we're making with some of the new products coming out of what we call the hive, our innovation facility here, they're meeting those requirements. So we also mentioned back when we talked about innovation, that what we're doing is exploiting intellectual capital that the company had, that we have a lot of good ideas on how to utilize our network in more efficient ways to offer new products and services, things that would leverage the investment that we've already made in this high-availability, high-performance, purpose-built network. So I can tell you that it meets all of those requirements. I think it's early to say more than that, but -- and you're right, we're now engaged in contracting for a pilot for this project. So we are making progress, but I think beyond that, it's too early to say more.
D. James Bidzos: We have not yet finalized that strategy, as I mentioned, it's early for us to detail that. I think what we announced today is the availability of 2 resources on our website. The first one is the white paper, and I would encourage you to read it. It's easier to read than it is for me to describe. It's essentially -- I'll try though, anyway. It's a survey of the innovation that we've done that we've brought to our infrastructure that we think will benefit our customers. Whether it's all of the global Internet users, who benefit from our resolution services or from our back-end registry services customer. So again, the white paper is available at www.verisign.com/innovation. And so that gives you a lot of context in terms of how the patents are grouped and what particular areas you'll find that we described our innovation efforts and then some of the IP that those efforts have yielded by category. So I think you'll be able to get a broad idea, a big picture idea of where we've been innovating and some rough idea of the categories and number of patents that we have in that area. And I also mention that we do have another resource, verisignpatents.com. And there, what you'll find is a specific list of patents and how they apply to the various products and services that we offer. So if you're interested in just absolute numbers of patents that apply to various services offered by VeriSign, you'll find what's essentially sort of a patent marking website there. So beyond that, we've not gone into any detail on how this portfolio of intellectual property will be used, other than to say we will certainly explore ways to further our business interests with it.
D. James Bidzos: It's more than that. I mean, we operate a high-reliability infrastructure that involves high-performance and redundancy. And so these patents cover the entire broad swath of the technology category that applies to everything we do, which is certainly at its core, registry operation. Some of these functions interact with registrar functions and intersect with them. But again, I'd encourage you -- I think you'll find the White Paper very informative in this regard.
D. James Bidzos: We have made substantial investments over the years in NIA. And I mentioned in recent calls, 3 quarters ago -- 2 quarters ago, that what we're doing was streamlining NIA and structuring it better to scale going forward, that we were aligning expenses with revenue in the business. And we're making progress in all of those areas. It's still at a point where we're not calling it out separately or talking about it separately, but in the 3 categories, iDefense, which is threat intelligence, Managed DNS and also DDoS, we do see opportunities in all those areas, and we continue to actively grow that business. I think, at some point, we'll get to a point where we'll talk about separately, but we're not there now.
George E. Kilguss: Nothing material, Gregg. This is George Kilguss. We had a minor true up in the quarter, but it wasn't material related to our .jobs operation. But no, we had a good quarter with regard to gross additions. They came in a little stronger than we expected, but we were pleased with those results.
George E. Kilguss: Well, Gregg, we don't guide to fourth quarter sales and marketing. But if you recall, back on our comments in -- earlier in the year, we did have an amount of roughly about $5 million that we had delayed into later parts of the year. We have a number of marketing activities that are going on right now, and we have registrars subscribing up for some of those programs, so we absolutely are expecting that spend to increase. But some of those -- that spend is dependent on registrars and other folks subscribing up to programs. But we absolutely have a significant amount of marketing going on in the fourth quarter.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. So let me first say that as it relates to the $600 million discussed in our prepared remarks, this was the combined amount of distributable reserves in our foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012, which is the last statutory audits that we've had filed. My intent in the disclosure was to simply provide the shareholders some more insight into our foreign capital structure, as they have had questions around this area in the past. As you know, we get questions around foreign cash balances all the time. And I was just letting folks know that we are bound by certain foreign statutes. The distributor reserves, just for clarification, are the amount of funds as of 12/31, 2012, that the foreign entities could have distributed through dividends to the U.S. patent at that time. Again, while we've not changed from our current position of these funds being indefinitely reinvested overseas, we are conducting additional reviews in the area, and we'll go through an evaluation process on that. We'll provide you an update, and that now still is ongoing in the fourth quarter. To be a little more specific, the amounts over the distributable reserves overseas, I think we've mentioned this before, some of our cash overseas came from divestitures. And that is where the balance of those distributables -- those amounts that cash over has come from, from the divestitures, other than from a generating income over there. And we're looking at that, and I'll have more to hopefully say to you on our fourth quarter call.
George E. Kilguss: Again, we're looking at evaluating and reevaluating our international cash. We're looking at that. That work is ongoing. I don't have any determinations here today to talk about -- but we're clearly looking at that.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. I mean, all I can really tell you is that it's a subsidiary that has a large tax basis, and that was prior -- it was part of a prior acquisition. But the worthless stock deduction, really is a situation where we have a situation where a stock can become worthless, and you take a claim for that. And so, that happens on the occurrence of certain events, and the event that we're talking about is the expectation of liquidating the subsidiary.
