D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter for VeriSign. First quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $299 million, up 3.7% year-over-year, and delivered solid financial performance, including non-GAAP EPS of $1.07, up 11% year-over-year. During the first quarter, we completed the repatriation of a net $1.15 billion of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries which we intend to use in conjunction with the redemption of our convertible debentures, as George will discuss later. Also, we paused our repurchase activities during the 30-day conversion measurement period for our pending May 1 convertible bond redemption. As a result, we returned $125 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 1.1 million shares in the first quarter. Our financial position remained strong with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business, and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of March, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled 148.3 million, consisting of 133.9 million names for .com and 14.4 million names for .net. During the first quarter, we processed 9.6 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 1.91 million names. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2018 will be 74.9%. This preliminary rate compares to 72.5% achieved in the first quarter of 2017. We now expect full year 2018 domain name base growth of between 2.5% and 3.25%, with an increase to the domain name base for the second quarter of 2018 of between 0.7 million to 1.2 million net registrations. I also want to report that we are engaged in a dialogue with NTIA concerning the cooperative agreement which is ongoing, but beyond that we don't have more to say at this time. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to George.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Overall, this has been another solid quarter for VeriSign. There was further expansion of the domain name base and revenues. We generated and efficiently returned value to shareholders. We continued our work to protect, grow and manage the business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We'll now take your questions. And operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Let's see. Well, first of all, you're correct that NTIA may decide to extend the cooperative agreement as is or let it sunset. Additionally, VeriSign and NTIA could mutually agree to amend it per the terms of Amendment 34 of the cooperative agreement. As far as what you might see between now and then, I think this early – I mean, we're engaged, but I think it's too early to say what milestones, when and what they would look like. It's just really too early to say anything more than we did unfortunately.
D. James Bidzos: Yeah. As I said, it's just – we're engaged. I don't think it'd be appropriate for me to say anything about what's come up in the discussions that we're having, but they're are ongoing. And all I can tell you is that we'll certainly keep you posted, and if there are any milestones or anything to report, we'll do it promptly.
D. James Bidzos: Nothing. Nothing since we last spoke. And for those who weren't here or aren't familiar with what the status is, we're engaged in ICANN's process to move the delegation forward for .web. That's ICANN's process, so we can't say when it'll conclude. Just as a reminder too for all of you looking at the guidance of course, while it's possible that our operation of .web will start this year, we did not include, the 2018 revenue guidance provided does not include any revenue from .web, and we'll give you more updates as available, but unfortunately that's all I can give you now.
D. James Bidzos: No. Our discussions with NTIA are about the cooperative agreement, .web we view separately. And the Department of Justice, of course, closed its open investigation of .web. So, it has not come up. We wouldn't expect it to.
D. James Bidzos: Yeah. Matt, thanks. As you point out, our preliminary renewal rate of 74.9% was a good renewal rate for us, but I think as you also alluded to, when you compare that to our Q1 2017 renewal rate of 72.5%, the change there is really primarily related to a depressed Q1 2017 rate that was negatively impacted by the China surge names that were registered in the first quarter of 2016 that did not renew in the first quarter of 2017. And while 2017 was still up year-over-year when I exclude those impacts from 2017, it is still really consistent with our normal expectations of a slightly rising renewal rate associated with an aging domain name base. So, I don't think there's anything unusual to call out there, other than the base continues to age, and as a result, renewal rates tend to pick up a slight amount as the previous renewed names become a large proportion of the overall base.
D. James Bidzos: Matt, as in the past, we don't guide to buybacks. We have an active capital allocation process that we look at every quarter, and we try to meet the needs of the business every quarter, and we determine through our strategic framework, protect, grow and manage how much liquidity we need to have for the business, what do we need to invest in the business, what do we need to, and then what we have to return to shareholders. So, we look at that every quarter and make a determination, but we do not provide guidance with regard to buybacks.
D. James Bidzos: Yeah. I mean, we're not quite complete yet with the redemption of the bond. That process will be complete soon. We did make a repatriation of the $1.15 billion, and obviously, that will look different going forward. I think we're still really evaluating all the long-term significance of the tax law. I think the one thing I can assure you of is that, our priority of course is protect, grow and manage. And in the manage category, when it comes to making sure that we return generated value to shareholders, we're going to do that in the most efficient way possible. The philosophy that drives that hasn't changed a bit. I think you're asking a more tactical question as to whether or not some rethinking would lead to some analysis that says a dividend or some shift in or difference or reallocation of buybacks to dividends. And we don't guide to that as George said, but I think that's sort of a tactical question that our ongoing analysis would yield, and if something there changes, we would certainly share it when appropriate. But fundamentally, nothing has really changed. We're just looking at a very dynamic situation, where the tax law gives us opportunities, and we're still assessing them and looking for what's in the best long-term interest of our shareholders in terms of capital structure and capital allocation relative to our strategy of efficiently returning generated value, that hasn't changed a bit.
