D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results were in line with our objective of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. During 2014, VeriSign delivered strong financial performance, including reporting $1.010 billion in revenues, expanding free cash flow to $568 million and producing full year non-GAAP operating margins of 60.2%. Exceeding $1 billion marks a significant growth and an important milestone since the completion of our divestiture program in 2010, a year in which we reported $681 million in revenues. Operationally, 2014 was another strong year for the company. VeriSign processed 34 million new domain name registrations and finished the year with 130.6 million names in the domain name base. During the year, we marked more than 17 years of uninterrupted availability of the .com and .net domain name systems. As part of managing our business, during the fourth quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 3.7 million shares for $209 million. During the full year 2014, we repurchased 16.3 million shares for $867 million. Effective January 30, 2015, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $453 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business continues to serve us well as we see operational and financial benefits from our focus and discipline. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. As you recall, one way VeriSign participated in ICANN's new gTLD program was by applying for internationalized domain name transliterations of .com and .net, as well as .verisign and .comsec. We have signed the registry agreements for. comsec and 11 IDN TLDs, 8 of which are transliterations of .com and 3 are transliterations of .net. While these registry agreements with ICANN are signed before these domains become generally available, a few more steps remain, including delegation; controlled interruption, which deals with potential name collisions; completion of a Sunrise period; and finalization and approval of our launch plans. The failure to gain approval, if required, could delay a general availability date or could result in VeriSign having to revise our go-to-market strategy for the IDNs. I'll comment now on fourth quarter operating highlights. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net was 130.6 million, consisting of 115.6 million names for .com and 15 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 2.7% year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we added 0.59 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.2 million new gross registrations. In a few moments, George will discuss an update we intend to make to our definition of the domain name base, which will start with the first quarter of 2015. In the third quarter of 2014, the renewal rate was 72% compared with 72.7% for the third quarter of 2013. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2014 will be approximately 72.4%. This rate compares to 72.2% achieved in the fourth quarter of 2013. As we discussed over the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive domain growth. These include Internet adoption, economic and eCommerce activity and changes in registrar go-to-market strategies. Also, as we have discussed in previous calls, renewal rates for first-time renewing names have been softer, impacting the overall renewal rate. This change is influenced by a number of factors, including search engine algorithm changes, growth in geographies with lower first-time renewal rates, previous year registrar promotions as well as other factors. Net name additions during the fourth quarter came in below our expectations, primarily due to fewer gross additions. Some of the gross additions strength we saw during the third quarter, which was coming from emerging markets, including China, did not continue the same -- at the same growth rate during the fourth quarter. Based on these factors and current trends, we are forecasting first quarter 2015 net additions to the domain name base to be between 1 million and 1.5 million names. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks, George. During the last year, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business while delivering value to our shareholders. We continue to protect the business by providing more than 17 continuous years of 100% availability of the com and net DNS. This peerless record is due to the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure. Also, I want to highlight that this quarter marks the 30th anniversaries of both .com and .net. We're proud to be the registry operator of these 2 top-level domains, which are a key component of the Internet's infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and marketing our current service offerings. While we continue to actively invest in the development of new products and services where we continue to make progress, we don't have an update at this time. Finally, we have been managing the business effectively as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases. During 2014, we repurchased 16.3 million shares, returning $867 million to shareholders, and repatriated $741 million of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Well, .net is a well-established brand, it's 30 years old. It did dip below 15 million registrations, but it's back over that. I would just point out that, in 2014, .net had 3.6 million gross registrations. And as of the end of December, at the end of the year, that's roughly the same as the total number of registrations in all of the new gTLDs combined. So it's a strong brand, it's been around for 30 years, it's going to be around for the next 30 years. I mentioned on the last call and I think it's still true that there is some confusion with the .net is suffering from, that this -- the 400-plus new gTLDs that are out and available today are sort of bringing some confusion. There are hundreds more that are coming, so I think that will probably continue. But net is a strong brand, 30 years old, well-respected, 3.6 million gross adds last year, 800,000 adds last quarter, so it's going to be around for a while and it will do well.
D. James Bidzos: So first of all, with respect to what registrars may be doing differently. A couple of -- for the last couple of quarters at least, we talked about a shift in registrar marketing tactics where they were looking for increasing ARPU and then a shift back, which gave us some uplift over the last couple of quarters. So I think we continue to see that, which has helped us. As far as commenting on -- I'm sorry, not new gTLDs, but in terms of what we may do in promotion, we constantly run regular programs of promotion with the registrars. We use marketing programs to try to drive resources geographically and through other means. We did recently launch a contest for .com names and a number of other promotions that we're doing. We'll be doing a number of things through the year in recognition of the 30th anniversary of .com, in particular. But I think the best thing that we do is just simply highlight the brand and the widespread adoption of .com. I think if you watched the Super Bowl, for example, I think, pretty much everybody who advertised is branded .com. It's just a strong powerful brand and we do have the benefit of endorsements from every company that brands itself that way.
D. James Bidzos: And if I could just add something, sorry, to the answer I gave you earlier to your question about com, in particular. I'm just reminded that, earlier today, there was a new record sale in the aftermarket of a .com domain, 360.com sold for just under $17 million. And I think if you've seen -- if you look at the history of some of these aftermarket sales of .com, we had dailymail.com sell for GBP 1 million last year. Z.com sold in a private sale without auction for $6.8 million a few months ago to a Japanese company. We had a porno.com [ph] sold for $8.888 million and 360.com was sold to, I believe, a Chinese company, like I said, for $17 million, that's a new record. It's an incredible statement about the value of the .com brand. I think Daily Mail is a good example because here you don't have -- it's not a single character. It wasn't -- it was purchased because the company had made such an investment in developing its brand in .com that it simply wanted -- sorry, in the U.K. domain that it owned that it wanted the .com equivalent and I think that just simply represents the value of a .com name. 360.com for $17 million, a record that, I think, just says a lot about the value of the brand.
D. James Bidzos: I think that's tough to say, Sterling, this is Jim. The marketing plan that Pat alluded to that's a little different with different Sunrise period, during the Sunrise period, trademark holders are invited to come in and register their marked names prior to general availability. We have what you might call a much more brand-friendly sort of Sunrise in the sense that we are reserving the transliteration of the brands that are registered in .com. And so that implies that there'll be a different marketing approach. We'll simply be notifying existing registrants brands that the transliteration of their .com registration is available to them. So it's hard to say, it's not a traditional sort of a marketing effort. I think, in general, it means that we're not going to need to go out and promote the availability of these IDNs, although we'll certainly do some of that because people are free to register whatever they like in them. But the brand holders who are registered in .com have their brand name reserved for them in the IDNs. They're protected against somebody else registering a name who doesn't own that name. But it's an opportunity for them to have their brand name in the native language script of countries that they operate in. So I think you can see the obvious benefits of that. Putting a price tag on that marketing effort, I think, is - it's just kind of too early to say what it will be. But it'll be focused. It'll be more focused because it's quite targeted. It's unique, I think, as far as any TLD that's ever been launched.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, let me just let me just add a couple of quick comments to that. If you're familiar with the so-called dark domains, these are the nonconfigured names where the registrant does not want it to resolve, for example, something that is not flattering about a corporate name. A corporation may defensively register that and they simply don't want it to resolve. We get paid for it, but it doesn't appear in the act -- it does not appear in the active zone. You can think of these hold names, we're going to treat them all together with these dark domains very similarly. So we'll get paid for them, but you'll see them reported in our domain name base, they'll be counted in there. The other thing is that George had mentioned this new 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement. This is the new agreement that the registrars signed with ICANN that they operate under. Now the number of accredited registrars is, I think, closer to 1,500 today where it was 900 some years ago. So I think -- I hope what we're seeing here, just to keep everything simple, is that all of them have pretty much signed this during 2014. And I think almost all of the registrars have signed it, a large number of them. So I think there's just this initial sort of compliance effort. Pat mentioned that they have to collect who-is data. This also means that some registrars that do not have direct distribution models, who actually sell indirectly through distributions, may find it a little more difficult or may find that it takes more time to collect accurate who-is data. And so these names will get put on hold while they go about doing that and then eventually they come off hold and then they're up here in the active zone. So that's sort of the activity that goes on. But if you understand how dark domains have worked and been counted, these are just like that. You can now think of these names on hold just like that.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, I'd be happy to, Gray. As mentioned in our prepared remarks, names in an on-hold status have always been reported in our revenues and gross additions. So these are not new names. They just haven't been included in our domain name base definition. So as a result, they've not been included in the total 130.6 million name count. On-hold names are a simply management mechanism used primarily by registrars to place names into a hold status, which removes them from the active zone file and prevent them from resolving. The name, however, is still registered by the registrar regardless of the status. Now these names represent a very small and nonmaterial portion of the domain name base, approximately 400,000 at the start of 2014, and their totals have been relatively constant for many years. I'd also add, however, that registrars use this mechanism -- use of this mechanism has increased during 2014, and as a result, we feel it appropriate to amend our definition to include these names going forward. As mentioned at the end of 2014, the names classified with a hold designation totaled about 870,000, which was an increase of about 470,000 -- 475,000 in 2014, up from 394,000 at the end of 2013. Again, it's a very minor point, but we just want to provide the additional transparency and felt the definitional change would really help in this instance.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, just the base is going up. And as I mentioned, this doesn't affect our guidance as we're trying to guide to gross name additions and deletions. It's just a base that's going up. We get paid for these names, they're in our revenue and it's a small amount, but we felt the additional transparency made sense as registrars' use of these things had increased over the past 12 months.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure. So I think what you're seeing in the first month in bit -- a little bit in 2015 really relates to the Chinese New Year. Last year, the new year started, I believe, January 31. This year, it doesn't start till February 19, so it's about 20 years -- 20 days late. And we typically see the activity slow a little bit about a week before the Chinese New Year. So we've just had a good constant demand for domains in the month-to-date period, but we expect it to fall off a little bit as the Chinese New Year kicks in later this month.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Gregg. So if you looked at our total non-GAAP operating expense, it actually was -- for the fourth quarter, actually it was down year-over-year, but it was up sequentially by about $3.4 million. And we saw that increase really come primarily in G&A. We saw that being up about $2.4 million and G&A was up in the quarter primarily because we had about $1 million of severance expense in the quarter. And then we have about another $1 million of, what I would call, seasonal fourth quarter expenses that hit us, some of which were related to higher consulting expenses as we approached the year-end. The other increase we had was in R&D, and as far as R&D goes, we saw a slight decrease in the amount of labor that we actually capitalized on the balance sheet. And as a result of that lower amount of capitalization, some of that flowed into the income statement and that was the majority of the increase in the R&D expense.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, sure, Phil, this is George. So as we talked about Q4, we did continue to see growth in emerging markets, but it just wasn't as robust as we had seen exiting Q3 and so that trend waned a little bit. But they still grew. I think, in general, I think by definition, emerging markets they have their ups and downs, they do have some volatility there in their definition of being emerging. But we're still seeing a lot of growth there. More specifically, we still see good activity in China, we still see good activity in India and in Asia Pac. We're still seeing very strong and good demand for the products there and that's where most of the growth is going on internationally. So the U.S. market is a little bit more tepid in regard to that.
George E. Kilguss: We expect it to be similar to last year. But again, there are small movements. Fourth quarter I think was about 0.5 million, so it really depends on the projects that we're looking for, what stage those projects are in and if we actually have some products that are coming to market and we're actually developing new functionality, then we'll capitalize that further, the regulations in GAAP. But it really depends on the projects that we're working on, what stage those projects are in and we'll just treat it according to the GAAP regulations as to what get capitalized or not.
George E. Kilguss: We also try to move dollars around or invest heavily or more heavy in those markets that we think are growing faster and we think we can gain a competitive advantage. And so we take a careful analysis at all the markets we look at and we make very strong decisions and base decisions as to which markets to go into, to drive growth based on our budget expectations. And so clearly, we're investing internationally in a lot of the growth markets that we talked about.
George E. Kilguss: So we don't give guidance, Ken, to each individual line item. When you take a look at our K, you'll see that our expectation is that they should be relatively consistent as a percent of revenue to what they are currently. But having said that, we're continuing to actively manage the business, and we always look for opportunities to continue to create efficiencies in the business. And as opportunities present themselves, we look to reinvest in the business as well. I don't think our strategic objectives have changed in the sense that we clearly have a desire to spend more in sales and marketing to drive top line growth and we clearly have a desire to invest in new products and technology that we think can drive positive returns for the company. And so we'll clearly look to invest in those areas and look for savings opportunities in other areas of the business to help fund those opportunities.
George E. Kilguss: And Sterling, this is George. As we mentioned last quarter, many of our back-end registry customers qualify as .Brand gTLDs and ICANN gave .Brand applicants until July of this year to finish the agreement process. So I think your back half is much more likely than the front half of the year.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, for com and net, the majority of our products we sell in U.S. dollars. So if you're referring to the FX impact in the traditional sense, we don't expect that to have an immediate or impact in our 2015 revenue. That being said, for some non-U.S. buyers of domain names, the strength of the U.S. dollar could create a perceived price increase, which could have an impact on demand. But while the strength of the U.S. dollar may be having some effect on demand, we really haven't seen that in any of our numbers, so it hasn't really been an impact for us to date.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, renewal rates vary by country. Typically, in the more mature markets, the renewal rates are higher. In some of the emerging rates, the renewal rates tend to be a little bit lower.
George E. Kilguss: So we don't break it out by market. I mean, if you -- and if you want to talk about change, I mean, the first-time renewal rate at the end of 2013 was about 52.8% and the first-time renewal rate did come down to about 50.7% for the full year 2014. Previous-renewed rates were very consistent at about 82%. And so we did see some of the first-time renewal rates come down and I think more of that is a function of the growth we're seeing in China, which has typically lower first-time renewal rate than the U.S., which is our largest market now. Again, that's an emerging market. As those markets mature, I would expect those renewal rates to improve, but it's a large market that's growing and is still emerging. And so it's just becoming a larger portion of the base and so you get a weighted average effect on the first-time renewal rate.
Patrick S. Kane: So the new gTLDs, I think the story is still out on the success of them. If you take a look at the 400 -- the 400-plus TLDs that are in existence today, at the end of 2014, there were 3.7 million registrations in those 400-plus TLDs. But one of the things in terms of identifying whether they'll be successful or not is really what the renewal rate is and we're just now going to see the beginning of a renewal cycle for this new gTLDs. And the second thing that we take a look at is what does the DNS traffic look like. And so if you think about the com, net DNS base today, we do about 82 billion transactions a day and we don't have any idea what those same transactions would look like for the new gTLDs, but that would be another indicator of success. So it's still -- time will still tell.
Patrick S. Kane: So this is Pat, Sterling. I think it's really hard to tell because we are going to do -- we're going to ask for a modified Sunrise period and that will likely have to require approval from ICANN. We're not certain of that right now, but that's still going to take some time to get that and going as well as the Sunrise period and then the controlled interruption period for the identification of name collisions is also a long period. So it's hard to say right now as to what the exact time would be.
Patrick S. Kane: So there are several reasons. One of the most common is that you will get a court order that would ask to put something on hold while it's in dispute. People will also have domains that they don't want to have in the general zone, so that they can have the name registered, but not able to resolve. It may be something detrimental to their corporate brand and they don't want it to be out there. And then the one that we've seen most recently is the 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement requires registrars to put on hold domain names that they cannot validate the who-is information. And so that's where we've seen the largest trend these days in terms of what the growth is in those particular hold names. Now once they do validate the who-is data, those names will come out of the hold status and then, of course, be active at that point in time.
