Brian Robins: This is Brian. Two questions there. One is operating leverage in the model and where we think it will come from, and secondarily, headcount. On the operating leverage in the model, I expect G&A to decrease quarter-over-quarter for the remainder of 2011. We had some one-time expenses that occurred in fourth quarter, which drove it a little higher and we'll continue streamlining the business as we move headquarters from the West Coast to the East Coast. There will be some duplication and cost for the first and second quarter, but most of the transition will be completed and you'll start to see some of the leverage come out of business here in the second half of the year. On headcount, we've given margin guidance. And so in the headcount, since we will have duplication of staff, we don't want to give quarter-by-quarter guidance. But we said we'd be approximately around 1,000 employees once we got everything completed. And so last quarter, we're about 1,100. We're about 1,050 this quarter. We're going to continue to hire in the sales and marketing as we grow out the NIA business, and we'll see reductions in G&A that will offset some of the hiring. So net-net, we'll be down from where we're at today.
Brian Robins: Let me go back and talk a little bit about 2010. The difficulty in going into 2011 and talk about what the normalized cash flow would be is, you'd have to get into price increase on a number of other factors to tell you what to normalized rate would be. So if you look at 2010 on a full year basis, cash from operations was about $250 million. And you have to add back the excess tax benefit associated with stock options of $130 million. So roughly, we're about $350 million on the business and that does not include the authentication cash flow. And so as we talked about cash flow from operations at Analyst Day in last year, we're right on track with where we thought we would be at. Luckily, going forward, in the first quarter of 2011, it would be very clean and transparent on what it is. Fourth quarter we had a dividend contingent interest, third quarter we had the sale of authentication. And so there's been a lot of puts and takes in the cash flow this year. But I think if you'll only get cash from operations, roughly about $350 million on non-GAAP basis. Our capital was about $80 million of which $20 million of that was related to the Authentication business. So you can take about $60 million of capital out there to basically get to a free cash flow number.
Brian Robins: I think we're going to have a 23 to 26 would be a good strong quarter for us in the first quarter. And then we haven't gotten in to what the rest of the year would look like. But looking at the zone growth of 7-plus percent on the year-over-year basis.
Brian Robins: Let me back up just from the revenue standpoint. At this point of the year, we announced at the end of this call that we have a fairly minimal impact on revenue in the year just given the six-month notice period. But on the price increase itself, we've got one price increase remaining in the four that we're allowed to take in an agreement. We said in the past we look at a lot of factors and we consider those, starting first with the long-term investment need. We look forward, we see continued exponential increases in demand on the infrastructure in the coming years. We also consider factors such as the healthy economy and e-channel. Those seem to be positive and improving over time, so while we can't comment on if and when we make notice the remaining price increase, I've note that we've taken three out of the four so far in the agreement and the variables that we consider all seemed positive.
Brian Robins: This is Brian. We started the buyback program, discussion came up around the dividend. And so at that point, we're blacked out so we couldn't buy back any more. We wanted to maintain as much flexibility and return as much as we possibly could at the end of last year, considering the pending tax fall [ph] changes and the proceeds that we got from authentication. We returned 50% of the proceeds in a special dividend, and committed to returning at least the other 50% the next four quarters.
Brian Robins: I'll have to check on that and get back you, and see if we can have a clean data for the prior year. If we can do it, I'll try to do it next quarter for you.
Mark McLaughlin: On the fourth quarter, we forecasted we'd be between $1.7 million and $2 million. And that range anticipated seasonality of the holidays, we had a higher expiring base compared to the third quarter and a higher percentage of the first-time expiring names. We ended at $1.75 million names which is closer to the low end of that. The reason for that being at the lower end is that we had two registrars who deleted out about 1,000 names between them right at the end of the year, which we expected would occur actually sometime this year. We see things like that quarter-over-quarter sometimes relating to the registrars manager and portfolios. So we'll pay attention to that kind of stuff, but pay more attention to the trending of the business. And if we look at the trends, we see that this fourth quarter, we actually had the highest fourth quarter in U.S. ever in the business. And the base of the names continues to trend to more names being previously renewed, with the result that the renewal rate continues to decline. So we've got a pretty positive view in things. I'm sorry, I think I misspoke that, there's been 100,000 names there.
Mark McLaughlin: If I'd step back in that specific service, just backing up, I'd say, we really like that space. We think it's network computing that takes hold. The complexity around that is going to be a key issue overcoming things like reliability and availability. We've got a lot of experience there from running a common net. We've mentioned before we think that's about $1 billion market today, not just Managed DNS. All the suites of services around as the reliability, about a 15% CAGR. So we like the space and there's a lot of small players. So we think that with our network in the brand, we've got distinct competitive advantage. More specifically, we're not getting into breaking out any metrics around the business. I can say that quarter-over-quarter, we signed 400% more contracts quarter-over-quarter to give just one view of things. So we think we've got some good early tracks around that. We haven't named any of the customers. We're probably unlikely to name any accounts simply because people don't just buy, like in Managed DNS, they're buying the Internet Defense Network which is the DDoS Mitigation and other services. And if you think about the kind of services folks are buying, a lot of the customers don't want to be publicized that way.
Mark McLaughlin: I think there's three ways to think about this. The first is that DNSSEC, in and of itself is a security protocol in the DNS long time in the making, and it's actually a cost to us in order to DNSSEC enable not only that the root zone but .net and .com. That's all based into the numbers we've given you by the way. But that there's a cost aspect while throwing the category calls into public interest in order to make the Internet safer. The second piece of that is that as things like DNSSEC get propagated to .net already, .com coming up in the first quarter and other top-level domains that goes, it creates some complexity for folks to manage keys and things around that. So we have service offerings that we'll be rolling out around helping people manage DNSSEC for their own customer base. That's a monetization opportunity that would be in our NIA business category I think. So I think there's two sides to that coin.
Mark McLaughlin: We see puts and takes in a quarter-over-quarter basis in a lot of ways, but I try to come back away from the quarter-over-quarter aberrations and take a look at trending. So on the renewal rates, the highest renewal rate we've ever seen on this business to date has been about 77% in one quarter. And that was at the very top of the PPC market which makes sense, as the first-time renewal rates then were higher than they are today and up on a more normalized market in the absence of PPC. Right now we're seeing about 72% to 73% renewal rates and that rate has been trending up the last couple of years. The reason for that is the percentage of the base that consists of the names that were previously renewed continues to increase year-over-year, and that renewal rate is much higher than the first-time renewal rate. So over time, it made sense for the renewal rate to continue to climb. Now for as high as it can go, the obvious upward boundary is the previously renewed rate which has continued to increase the last couple of years. And right now, we took a snapshot of time is between 80% and 81%. It's been as high as 85% historically in the company. So I can't say are going up, but I can say that there's room. And that if you start to give a look at the things that make up the renewal rate, over the last years it's continued to trend on a positive threshold.
Mark McLaughlin: No. We saw a couple of years ago right at the end of the year, one registrar did a, I'll call it, cleanup with their base which was unexpected for us. We've been more vigilant I guess is the right word, or more detailed in account reviews since that time to try to pick up on things like that. We knew in this case that there was 100,000 names in spite of what we -- this is just a timing issue as to whether in 2011 or the end of the year and it turned out to be at the end of 2010.
Mark McLaughlin: The answer is yes, there is an opportunity of which we'll partake ourselves of. We consider that with the new gTLDs. So when we talk about new gTLDs, there's those that are the IDN versions or the internationalized versions of .com and .net. Those are all in the new gTLD round that ICANN is proposing. The applications for those are due in around midyear with expected rollout sometime in the beginning of 2012. You could expect us to bid on all of the transliterations for .com and .net, and we think that's an opportunity for the company.
Mark McLaughlin: It's Mark. Yes, but IPv6 enables our infrastructure for quite some time ago, so we're prepared for that. So the short answer is we're set for it. The longer answer is that there are challenges as you move from IPv4 to IPv6, that's a business opportunity for us again in our Network Intelligence and Availability business. Because there's going to be probably a long period of time, where folks are attempting to manage both dual stack IPv4 and IPv6. That creates a translation problem between the two, and companies would have to run an IPv4 stack and an IPv6 stack in order for all their applications to be able to interface. A lot of companies we think won't want to do that, and will look to a provider like VeriSign to provide the translation services between those two versions. So we're set for it from a DNS perspective, but we think there's an opportunity for us on the NIA business.
Mark McLaughlin: There is about 900 accredited registrars with ICANN, and about 75% of the business today comes from the top 25 to give you an idea of the breakdown.
Mark McLaughlin: We don't break that out, Rob. We run a sort of a shared back office, and so we don't break out the contribution between the various product launch.
Mark McLaughlin: So we gave a range in there and I kind of just answered just a little bit the previous question of the zone itself. So with the 7-plus percent, we see by 7% to 9% growth sort of depending on where you come out in the range from a name base is going to dictate a good portion of the range we gave in the revenue side.
Mark McLaughlin: Not to pat ourselves in the back, but it's been a long-time coming. We've been really instrumental in that, but I want to make sure we share the credit works due with ICANN providing leadership around that. The U.S. Department of Commerce being very instrumental on providing leadership as well, as well as technology.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. On the Managed DNS offering, again, we are thinking of it in terms of the suite of offerings. So I've been thinking of our NIA business, which has managed DNS plus some other offerings in there as well. But we view the market in three categories of the small, medium and enterprise markets. And it's low in that market, we would get just Managed DNS by about $50 a month per customer. In the mid-point in that market, we get about $350 a month from a customer and in the enterprise-level, we get about $2,300 to $2,500 a month from a customer.
Mark McLaughlin: So from a process standpoint, the expectation would be that around midyear, the ICANN will start accepting the applications and then they would process these applications. And if everything stays on track, that the TLDs themselves would be released in the beginning of 2012. And from a size standpoint, it's hard to say, frankly. The one that I'd like to think about just because I can have some reference points for it is the international TLDs themselves. And I know this is a big broad range, but the best I can do when I look at this, which is there's about a million IDN versions of .com and .net that exist in our base today. So there's a million names in there. And then that's where you transliterate the name .com in English. And then in names that are in -- there are TLDs out there that are as completely transliterate today, the .cc, country codes. And of those that are in the countries where we think that they transliterated versions that are successful, there's about 16 million of those names out there today. So I know that's a big swag in between there, but somewhere between a million, call it, 15 million to 16 million is a market opportunity. That's names.
Mark McLaughlin: So we think about the mechanisms to return excess cash. We consider all the return and there's quite a few of them, obviously, share repurchase, dividends, special dividend, buyer debt back. Last year, we bought about $435 million of stock and paid a special dividend of about $500 million before you get to the contingent interest. We chose a special dividend around the fourth quarter as we had decided we wanted to return a significant amount of cash in a timely and rational manner and in advance of any tax code revision. But we also want to keep some flexibility considering the best alternatives for future cash return this year. So as Brian said, we're committed to return at least the second half of what the got in the authorization proceeds. We'll be thinking about the mechanism once we do that and we're always open for communications to shareholders at that point.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. As things continue to go mobile, there's a benefit that it's a little difficult for us to get in therequite to put a percentage of growth around that. But as things go mobile and more people using mobile devices to access the Internet or mobile versions of the Internet. So from a domain perspective, that should drive growth and acquire business. So I think that in addition to that on the NIA side of the business, you got all these distributed devices, mobile device side, et cetera. When those are all attempting to access the network, it starts to create a lot of other concerns around availability and security that I think will also create opportunities for us and I thought it did.
Mark McLaughlin: From a pipeline perspective, we're not talking about a pipeline specifically at a book or anything like that. All that I can say, we've got a healthy pipeline. We like the way it looks. So again, we're bullish in that business. And then from an M&A perspective, it's possible we could use an M&A. But as we've said in the past a few times, anything we do will be closed into the business we're in today and the really purpose is accelerating our roadmap for growth market.
