D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. And before opening the call to your questions, I would like to share with you how we're thinking about the business across the 4 areas of focus that we believe will drive value creation. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business effectively. First, we protect the business by providing unparalleled registry services and network performance while acting as responsible stewards for the Internet infrastructure which we operate. We'll also continue to work with the Department of Commerce towards the renewal of our .com agreement. Second, in addition to the organic growth of our Naming business, we see new gTLDs in our NIA business as adjacent potential growth opportunities. Third, we continue to focus on innovation and value creation through new services that we can build around the domain name system. And fourth, we believe in managing the business responsibly from a financial perspective. We seek to run the business efficiently and effectively through managing costs and continued margin improvement. We believe that delivering on these 4 areas with a right balance should provide unparalleled performance for our customers and create value for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Sterling, it's Jim. We think there were 2 main things that drove the slight reduction in the renewal rate. First of all, we mentioned that promotion by a large registrar that was very aggressive and led to an unusually larger number of first time renewing names, which I think, coupled with the changes in the search algorithm were the primary contributors to the reduced renewal rate. The monetization community out there has a history. This has happened before. It happened, as you recall, in 2008, and they have a history of rebounding. They generally sort of adapted the changes after 1 quarter or 2 at most. So we expect that to happen in this case, and all of that is factored into the guidance that we gave.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. First of all, we obviously don't guide that to new adds, but I will say that -- point out that 8.4 million names is a record for the second quarter and the second highest overall. And I would like George to comment on the impact of domestic versus international.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Phil, this is Jim. I think you'd also asked about ICANN fees next year and its potential impact on margins. I guess I'll leave the math to everyone, but basically the changes in the ICANN .com contract took us from annual fees of roughly $17 million based on an alignment now. The change aligns us with their other registry agreements and it essentially puts us, based on a zone of roughly 100 million names, at about $25 million per year. So roughly $8 million additional ICANN fees in 2013 anticipated.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, this is Jim. Well, I think it's a bit early probably for us to talk about that. I think every time an opportunity comes for us to know, there's a price increase. We have to take into account the considerations that surround the business. And I guess it's premature really to talk about that. Assuming that, and as we do expect that the .com contract will receive consent from the Commerce Department for the renewal and be effective no later than November 30, then the first opportunity to do so would be in December. So I think we probably be in a better position to talk to you about that then, what the factors, the economic factors, the climate would be and give you some more information then, but I think it's premature at this point.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, okay. Yes, we are still achieving bookings growth as we've planned for that business. I did mention in the last couple of calls and I mentioned again in this call that we are working to scale that business better for the quality of revenue that's more consistent with what we get from our Naming business. And I also mentioned in this call, which I've not mentioned before, that we are looking at ways that we can align expense with revenues. So I think those are some -- we don't break it out separately, of course, but I think that should give you a feel for where we're going with that business.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I would say our M&A policy is unchanged and whether it applies to that or any other part of our business, it's the same. We would certainly look at opportunities, if they helped us get on our product roadmap or our strategy faster. We do not have M&A on our radar. That is not part of our strategy. We don't view M&A as a strategy. I think what you should expect from us is if there was a small tuck-in opportunity, we'd look at it, if it helps us accelerate our strategy, but that would be the only reason.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, I would just add to that, that we talked last quarter about the numbers. The number was 220 brands that had signed on to have VeriSign run their back-end registry services, and that number was the result of a process as Pat mentioned in the call last quarter. And I think, as I have mentioned as well, we actually did not take all the business that was available to us there. We do have the benefit of a long history of operating experience, a long reliability record and plus the fact that we just don't run common net, we run under other domains as well. We run .tv and .name and we have a structure that lends itself to supporting this type of multiple domain structure. So I think we're very carefully prepared and positioned and more experienced than -- I think we have a pretty good view into this, so I think George's comments were accurate. And that first of all, we have to wait and see which applications actually get through and what the actual number is. But there was a lot of thought and a lot of process and a lot of careful consideration given to arriving at the 220 number. And so we feel comfortable that we're prepared and our structure is predesigned to support multiple domains. So I think we're in good shape.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I'll let Pat comment. I'll just say that we're currently at a point where now the application period is where the reveal is made and everybody sees the strings that are applied for. ICANN is now undertaking its evaluation of all of those applications. But at some point, there will be a process that yield to the ultimate results. And maybe for a little more color, I'll ask Pat to comment.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I don't know if I can tell you what that point is, but I think that gradually over time, helping our customers transition from IPv4 to IPv6 is certainly an opportunity for us and we are examining, as part of our innovation efforts, the opportunities that we have to add value to that transition process mainly around better security optimization. So we do see that as an opportunity, but I think it's too early to talk about when or exactly what it is.
D. James Bidzos: I would add to that, that the 4 points of our strategy, protect, grow, innovate and manage, they are there for a reason. We focus on them and in manage, we try to manage the business efficiently. So there is this longer tail of the restructuring that we undertook 5 years ago. I know it's been quite a while since 2007 when we began the divestiture, but it was -- even though it was completed in 2010, there are many opportunities for us to optimize and to do our business more efficiently. When you go from greater than 5,000 employees to roughly 1,000, you don't fix everything overnight. So we're finding efficiencies, and I think that's reflected in our increasing margins.
D. James Bidzos: . And again, I think that the fact that manage is 1/4 of the -- 1 of the 4 pillars of our strategy, I think, is just our way of saying to you that we pay close attention to that. We're actively looking for opportunities and that long tail of the restructuring not exclusively to save money but to optimize and be more efficient to serve our customers better, and it's working.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're really seeing the international markets grow a little faster than domestically, and they grew 14.5% in the comparable period versus 11.6% domestically. So I think if you use those revenue growth rates, that should give you a consistent idea of the growth that we're seeing internationally versus domestic.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Winslow, this is George speaking. So with regard to operating margin, clearly, we just updated our guidance to exit fourth quarter at least 55%. I think if you look back historically at how we've done from a margin expansion perspective, it's really come from our revenue growth. We've historically been a pretty good shepherd of our funds and maintaining our operating expenses in line, while we've had growth in between marketing or in between R&D. You've seen, we've managed that expense pretty well. As it relates to net adds guidance, clearly, as Jim mentioned, there have been some changes in the search algorithm and that typically takes a few quarters to wash through. And so we're just reflecting that experience into our current guidance for Q3.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Walter. The $1.8 million nonrecurring revenue charge was related to a system error of the seldom use feature in our revenue recognition database. One of our secondary controls caught the error in our quarterly review process and we made the out-of-period adjustment this quarter. We fixed that system issue, and we've actually implemented a number of additional processes and procedures to avoid this problem from recurring in the future.
George E. Kilguss: Steve, no. We recorded most of that expense in Q1. There was, I think, one application that we did incur in Q2, but most of that hit our sales and marketing expense last quarter.
George E. Kilguss: Rob, yes, that was a cumulative, I'll call it, error that we accounted for in this period. So approximately -- of the $1.8 million, approximately $1 million is related to 2011 and the balance was related to first quarter of 2012.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Gray, this is George. So I would start by saying that, look, I've been in the chair for about 2 months, so we'll continue to take a look and evaluate our capital structure, and this will be something we'll be spending some more time on over the next few quarters. But I can give you maybe a few thoughts that I have developed over the past 2 months. On the leverage side, and being a former lender earlier in my career, I tend to look at the total debt obligations outstanding the company has compared to its EBITDA as a measure of leverage. And when I look at VeriSign, we have, as you know, a $1.25 billion convertible bond plus about $200 million revolving credit facility, so somewhere between $1.35 billion and $1.45 billion of total outstanding debt and commitments today. If you were to simply annualize our second quarter EBITDA and then compare that to the debt level that we have, you probably get a ratio of somewhere between 2.6 or 2.8x. And so the real question we need to answer, as a firm, over the coming quarters is, what is the appropriate leverage ratio for the business. We clearly have some debt capacity, but it's really all a matter of what is the appropriate risk profile for the business. So we'll have to do some more work to do on that, but that's really the current framework that I'm thinking about the debt that we have on the books and some thoughts around our capital structure.
George E. Kilguss: Well, clearly, we'll have some incremental cost in bringing those on. I think what we really have to do is to wait for ICANN to go through their process and their approval process, then we'll have a definitive idea of who's been awarded what names. But clearly, we will have some incremental expense to do that. But again, that probably won't affect too much of 2013. But we'll probably give you more information and guidance to that on our fourth quarter call as we give guidance for 2013.
George E. Kilguss: I don't think there's anything material behind it, Ed. We continue to be good stewards of the business. We're looking for ways to be more efficient in the business and drive increased profitability. I just think it's continuing being prudent of looking at projects, evaluating them and making sure that we're doing the best job for the shareholders as we can.
George E. Kilguss: I would just say that the company's also commented in previous calls on the long tail of the restructuring. And you can never know until you actually go through the quarter as to what other efficiencies you may obtain. So clearly, obviously, we have guided 52% to 54%, and now we've increased that guidance to 55%. So we're just seeing those efficiencies come out of the business as we manage it on a day-to-day basis.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, Walter this is Pat. So we did see it across both the first time renewing names and the previously renewed names, but we saw a larger impact in the first time renewing names.
Patrick S. Kane: And so I think the one thing to keep in mind is that during the evaluation process, there's a lot of things will take place in terms of what ICANN does, what the government advisory committee does and we believe that there'll be additions to the root zone come Q2 of 2013 in terms of things that will be meaningful. It's at the top of the list.
Patrick S. Kane: Edward, this is Pat. So they're still talking about all the approval process, so that's 220 that we submitted at the end of the application window. So basically, there's no more applications that will be taken by ICANN at this point in time. But we know that we've got other unique services that we can provide to the registry operator, so it doesn't mean that the 220 we have today are the ultimate end set of what we do. But that being said, ICANN still has to approve all of these deals. They still sort of could -- it could go down.
Patrick S. Kane: This is Pat. I think the registrars -- we've got insight at some of their plans, but not all of their plans, of course. I think that they run promotions from time to time and on a regular basis in terms of what's going on and just the kind of clients that they're trying to attract. So I think that you'll see that, yes.
