D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to use our strategic framework and its 4 areas of focus to frame how we think about the business. These 4 areas are to protect, grow, innovate and manage the business. First, protect. We will continue to protect the business by meeting all of our obligations under our ICANN agreements to operate top level domains. Second, grow. We will continue to see growth in the following ways: expansion of our existing businesses through focused marketing programs that target com/net zone growth, particularly in emerging international markets, by extending our brand and serving new markets through the IDNs for which we have applied; by extending our high reliability platform to underpin new brand and generic TLDs, including our approximately 220 new gTLD customers; by continuing to scale and grow our NIA business; and by leveraging our patent portfolio to both generate revenue and support our business strategy. Third, innovate. As evidenced by our continued filing of patent applications, we are focused on innovation. The goal is new revenue streams resulting from innovative new services that leverage our strengths. And fourth, manage. We will continue to manage the business responsibly from a financial perspective. As mentioned earlier, one of the benefits of the .com contract renewal is certainty which allows us greater flexibility in optimizing debt, capital allocation and capital structure. We will have more to say on this subject during our next earnings call. We believe that continuing to deliver on these 4 areas with the right balance should best serve our customers, employees and shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: And Phil, this is Jim. Let me just add, too, I think you mentioned how we're looking at margins and expense given the growth initiatives that we have. Let me just add to what George said that the growth initiatives that I mentioned, so for example, expanding our existing businesses through focused marketing programs. That's baked into the budget and obviously baked into the forecast and the guidance that we gave. We have invested in marketing programs over the years. They are more focused going forward. We're targeting geographies where we think there's real growth opportunity for the com/net zone. The IDNs, we have made -- we've already made the investment in the application fees, as you know, in early 2012. And the support that we'll be providing in terms of back-end registry services for the 220 customers that we signed up, we do have something of an advantage, having been a registry in operation for a long time and having supported multiple TLDs over all of those years of com, net, tv, cc, several others that VeriSign supports. So we've built something called Name Store. So basically, we have a tremendous amount of experience in standing up and operating multiple TLDs within our existing platform. So I think that gives us something of an advantage in that this is something we've invested in, we've built and we have operational and we know how to do. NIA, of course, is something we've been investing in for over 2 years now, and we're optimizing that business. And I talked about our patent portfolio and that's something new. We've never really exploited it before. But essentially, the investments in those areas -- the substantial investments have been made. And I think we've been consistently clear, but let me do it again, about mergers and acquisitions. We don't believe that M&A is a strategy. We don't see any M&A on our horizon. If an opportunity presented itself that helped us accelerate our business strategy, certainly we'd look at that. But that's not part of our plan. So I hope that bit of color gives you a little more insight into how to think about expenses, margins, and growth opportunities through 2013.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, just for clarity, the .com contract is unique in that the cooperative agreement between the Department of Commerce and VeriSign exists for that TLD only. .net is only between VeriSign and ICANN. All of the new applications that we've made in ICANN's new gTLD program and the other domains that we operate are strictly based on contractual relationships between ICANN and VeriSign and are not subject to any price limitations, such as the ones that were imposed in the renewal by the Department of Commerce for .com. And as Pat said, we're still evaluating how we'll be pricing those IDNs. But just like every other applicant in the new gTLD program, we have complete flexibility in how we price them and whatever price increases we choose to bring in over time.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, Steve. This is Jim. There's also a lot of moving parts to sort of calculating revenue growth and zone growth. In addition to what George said in terms of impact from the search engine, search algorithm changes which are just really hard to predict, we, at this point, have no visibility, no idea what sort of promotional programs registrars may bring into play during any one of the 4 quarters of 2013. Promotions tend to bring in a lot of names that then later on have impact in the subsequent year. So it's just hard to predict what that growth will be because there's just so many variables.
D. James Bidzos: I think it's a bit early to talk in detail about how we'll actually do that, but there are a number of different ways. Certainly, one of them that you mentioned, selling patents, that's probably the least likely to occur here. We have a broad patent portfolio. We have over 200 patents and applications in the U.S. alone. We have, to date, not asserted any of our patents. We're reviewing that policy. We have a large number of patents -- a portion of our patents read directly on registry operations, so we think that there are some things that are certainly worth looking at there. The 2 primary ways, one would be to license the patents and generate royalty revenue. Having been in a business before that -- where patents were a great asset, I can tell you from experience that a much more attractive way is to use the patents, if possible, to leverage a business strategy. So that would be the preferred method, but certainly behind that, royalty revenue would be another way to do it. And we are very active in our innovation program, and we're filing many new applications as well so this is a new area. Too early to say exactly how and what that will produce, but we're looking at it very closely and we think it's an opportunity for us.
D. James Bidzos: I don't know that we have enough detailed information about what changes were being made in that timeframe to say. First, I'll just say that there are changes being made to -- Google, for example, makes changes to their search algorithms essentially constantly. We noticed on, as you know, back in 2009 there were changes they made that directly affected the renewal of domain names and again a year ago. To what extent they either extended or renewed or intensified or changed in any way those efforts, we, at this point, can't say. We do know that over time, the people who use domain names for monetization purposes, advertising or other ways that they generate revenue from them, we do know that they typically tend to find ways to adjust and adapt. There is one thing we do know, that a domain monetization, entity or individual can currently look at their portfolio of names, and essentially I think they can expect a higher yield from it because their cost of goods, essentially the cost of acquiring domain names, has just been fixed at $7.85. So there's one data point that we can give you with some certainty based on the renewal of last November that does change the financials for the monetization of domain names. Their cost of goods is fixed. The portfolios that they hold should now basically have a higher yield. That may be [indiscernible].
D. James Bidzos: Well, I hope it will be earlier in the year. Our plan is to share more information and possibly roll something out in 2013, but that's a -- those new products and services that play to our strengths that are very core are really the central focus of our innovation efforts. Those efforts tend to spin out a lot of the times that I talked about earlier. But I hope to be talking to you more about it in 2013, and I hope sooner rather than later in the year. But it's too early to say exactly when right now.
D. James Bidzos: They're not at that point yet and we don't guide to those, so I can't really tell you exactly when that'll happen. I can tell you that our efforts to streamline that business, to improve the quality of revenue and to optimize the offerings are yielding some fruit. And as I mentioned, we are seeing increased revenue from that part of the business, so that much I can say. I think everybody knows, who reads the press, that our DDoS attacks are growing, so we see that as an opportunity. Our managed DNS customers certainly benefit from that service that we offer. We -- that part of the business is relatively new, of course, compared to the domain name business. So learning how to optimize it, improve the quality of revenue, more efficiently onboard customers, provision them better, more efficiently, these are all the kinds of things that we're constantly working on. But at this point, we're not reporting it separately, and I can't tell you when that might happen.
D. James Bidzos: What we've said in the past and is still true today is that initially, when we launched this business a couple of years ago, the primary focus was to see how it might grow and to pursue bookings. And what we're doing now is optimizing it. It's basically aligning revenue. We're focusing more on revenue rather than bookings and aligning revenue with expenses better and improving the quality of revenue, primarily translating into better margins.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, don't forget also, Rob, that we're currently at 121.1 million names in the com/net zone. So as the zone gets bigger, you would expect that the rate of growth would start to basically decline a bit, the law of large numbers, et cetera, coming into effect. In answer to an earlier question as well, I might add, about the renewal rate in the second half of 2013, I believe was the question we had earlier, that the larger zone, the aging zone should theoretically at least yield higher renewal rates as the growth rate tends to slack off. Those are more of the moving parts, so it's just really hard to say. As the zone gets older and it gets larger, the growth dynamics of it change. And as George mentioned, the market's changing as well.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. And Sterling, I would just -- it's Jim. I would just add to that, too. At least if you look backwards in the past, when opportunities have presented themselves, in the fourth quarter of 2011 for example, we had an opportunity with some previously taxed income to do a repatriation. When those opportunities have presented themselves, we've taken advantage of them. But I think it's complex. It's part of our international tax structure, as George said. And we're in the same boat as numerous other American companies with offshore cash essentially for the same reasons.
D. James Bidzos: Okay, this is Jim. Let me just make a general comment about that, and then I'll let George or Pat weigh in. First of all, as I mentioned earlier, we have the infrastructure in place already to support multiple TLDs. So essentially, the larger investments to create the infrastructure and the framework, to operate multiple TLDs is something we already have in place. As far as the individual cost per TLD, whether it's a brand or whether it's a distributed TLD, I'm not sure that we can into that level of detail or even explain what it is or even if there is that much difference. I'll let Pat weigh in on what sort of provisioning there is there.
D. James Bidzos: Well, let's see. First of all, we, in late 2011, we stepped up our innovation efforts. We funded a larger innovation effort. We increased our research activities. And that started to yield a step-up in patent applications. There was a step-up back in 2008 but a bigger step-up in innovation in general, in R&D in particular, in late 2011. So we've been quite active in the last year, and there have been a number of applications that have been submitted. So I think that's where we're getting that from. We have not, in the past, asserted any patents or really exploited our patent portfolio. In terms of how we would do that or would there be any issues associated with any regulatory aspect of doing that, I guess I certainly can't think of any. There are certainly regulated utilities and other regulated entities that have patents, that monetize patents. I can't imagine that would be an issue for us. We're certainly entitled to exploit our intellectual property and to seek revenue streams where we can find them. And we're certainly motivated to do that given the flat pricing that we'll have over the next 6 years. So I guess the short answer to your question is I don't believe that should be any issue at all for us. Intellectual property is a company asset. And we're a public company, and it's our responsibility to exploit those assets for the benefit of the company and its shareholders and we certainly intend to do that. Having said that, patents are an asset for any company. They do help the community. There are inventions that get published and the company is entitled to benefit from those inventions and after 17 years they fall into the public domain, so I think that's the way the system works. I don't think that should have any impact on us in terms of any regulatory fallout associated with that. It's just simply an asset that's growing, that's valuable and that we are looking at in ways we haven't looked at before.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Philip. This is George. With respect to incremental operating margins throughout fiscal 2012, really our incremental operating margin came from our revenue growth. If you look at our expenses, taking out some of those one-time items, we've been consistently around the $98 million, $99 million on a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation from an expense standpoint. And we’ve -- as we've talked about, we've been able to invest in those areas, sales and marketing, R&D, while creating efficiencies in our operations. As we look out into 2013 we do have some increasing expenses. Like all companies, we have wage expense increases and health care benefits increasing. Unique to VeriSign, we also have costs associated increasing with our new contract with the com renewal where that's now a variable cost. And that, as I said before, will increase costs probably somewhere around $700,000 a month. So we absolutely have increased costs going forward in the business. What we -- what's included in our guidance is our desire, our objective to try to offset those costs to some degree with increased efficiencies. Again, as in 2012, the majority of our margin expansion will come from revenue growth.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Steve. So as you know, we guided between 8% to 10% revenue growth for the year for 2013. Last year, we grew at 6.4% for the full year. As you also know, the components of the zone growth really are a function of the growth additions we experienced in the zone as well as the deletes coming out. And we've talked for a few quarters now about the deletes and the deletes we've been seeing overseas which results from the economy, and some of the deletes that have been impacted as a result of some of the changes to the Google algorithm. So part of our guidance, as we look into 2013, is clearly taking into consideration some of those trends with the deletes in the zone. And as we go through the year, we'll get some more visibility as we're right now 3 quarters into or beyond the time when Google made those material changes which impacted us. So today, to answer your question, our current view is the zone growth is somewhere between 4% and 6% that's baked into our full year guidance for 2013.
George E. Kilguss: So I think that's a possibility. I think the real answer is we don't know. What we've seen our preliminary renewal rate for the fourth quarter is that it seems to be upticking a little bit. It is back to the second quarter of 2012 rate or thereabouts. Still below 2011 but we are seeing some stabilization, some early signs of that. So it is a possibility, but I think it's just fairly too early to tell right now to where the renewal rate will trend for the full year of 2013.
George E. Kilguss: Well, I think in general, when you look at our revenues, Walter, we've talked about 60% domestic and 40% international. And that math tends to flow through our income statement for the most part as it relates to cash. So I think that's a fair assessment. I guess from a cash flow perspective, we don't guide to a full year free cash flow number but I think if you take our non-GAAP operating margins, you take and consider the CapEx that we guided, I think you can get a pretty good idea from that math. But this year, we did $503 million. Clearly, incrementally, we expect that number to grow. And then I think you have enough data points to come to a conclusion there, but about 60% is domestic and 40% is international.
George E. Kilguss: Well, again, as I mentioned, Rob, I mean, our guidance implies about a 4% to 6% zone growth, so that would be your net numbers. We gave you guidance for the first quarter of what we think our first quarter net addition would be in the 2 million to 2.4 million names. Excuse me, so clearly, that is below what we achieved in the prior year. And what you're seeing in some of that estimation is clearly some of the trends we're seeing, even though the renewal rate seems to be stabilizing and looks to be upticking between last quarter. Some of the cautiousness of the changes that we've seen in the international economy as well are factored into our guidance for 2013. Now we'll continue to monitor that. And as we get more information, we'll fully update the market on that. But those are the factors that are really baked into our 2013 guidance at the present.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Sterling. I can give you some insight. I mean, we're still working that and we'll have more to say next quarter. But clearly, there's a couple things or factors that we need to consider. One is that cash that we have international, like most firms, is part of our international tax structure. And as a result, on the cash we generate overseas, we pay a much lower effective tax rate. So to the extent we were to evaluate any type of repatriation in addition to understanding the tax rate that you'd have to pay, we have to take into consideration how that may disrupt our international tax structure over there, with 40% of our business over there, and would that actually increase our effective tax rate on the monies earned over there if we were to change that tax structure. In addition, we'd also have to look at any other taxes that may -- may or may not incur as a result of taking that cash back with the international entity that we contracted with in setting up that structure. So there may be some other taxes, whether it be exit tax or some other type of tax that may be incurred if you were to make significant changes. And so we're looking at that tax structure. We're looking at our planning and our forecasting, where we're generating our revenues, and it's really those factors that could create potentially increased liability or forego some of the benefits that we've already put in place with the effective tax rate we have over there, which is a much lower effective tax rate to the United States.
George E. Kilguss: So we have some -- as always, we have in our budget some planned headcount in different departments but it doesn't appear, well, I can tell you, it's not material right now from our perspective. But clearly, as businesses have different needs and as they change, we absolutely add headcount in certain areas. To the extent we have those skill sets internally and we can adjust, we'll do that. But there are some times when we don't have the skill set in house and we have to go outside for that, so we do have some headcount budgeted to add in fiscal ‘13.
George E. Kilguss: We can follow up on you that, but it has to do with our Synnex benefit. The share price declined, and as a result, we had a change in the embedded derivative related to our Synnex instrument as the stock price declined. But we can follow up on the specifics on that if you'd like.
George E. Kilguss: That's a good question. I think, clearly, with the certainty of the contract renewed I think -- excuse me, that from a timing perspective, clearly, that gives us certainty over the next 6 years. The risk of the company is a dynamic thing. We clearly have to position ourselves to protect the assets we have and to invest in growth. But I would say, in general, at the higher level, I don't think the risk profile has changed that dramatically year-over-year from before the renewal or after the renewal.
George E. Kilguss: Well, clearly, with regard to names or new additions there, there is seasonality. In the fourth quarter, we clearly see things trail off as you get close to the holidays. The last few weeks of December, everybody's on holiday and they go away. We have a similar phenomenon typically in the first quarter that surrounds the Chinese New Year where when that happens it slows down for a period of time. And we've also seen in previous quarters that revenue or -- I'm sorry, new units have grown dramatically in the first quarter as a lot of registrars have run promotions in the first quarter. So it varies from quarter-to-quarter. From a revenue perspective, however, you probably wouldn't see a lot of difference in seasonality as the majority of the revenue gets accreted into revenue as a result of our deferred revenue, and we're amortizing the bulk of that over the course of the year ratably.
Patrick S. Kane: Sure. So as far as the timing goes, the way that the -- this is Pat, the way that -- the way ICANN has laid out the process, it is mechanically possible for new gTLDs to go sometime in Q3. But there's still many outstanding items to be completed, and so I think it's more towards the end of the year. And just recently, Steve Crocker, the Chairman of the Board for ICANN, has indicated that it would be more towards the end of the year. So while it's possible, I think it's going to be, like I said, towards the end of the year. So that is -- and then as far as pricing goes, it's not really -- it doesn't have the same boundaries as the .com contract does, so we can basically set the pricing, and we're still evaluating what that pricing looks like.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, this is Pat. The majority of those 220 are brands or generics operated by brands, and so they will be used probably differently than you would see the major generics. And we have probably 8% to 10% that fall in the other range to include some generics, but the majority of them are brands.
Patrick S. Kane: Yes, so it's a task. The mainframe platform, as Jim mentioned earlier, is really -- it's already set up and designed to onboard these new gTLDs. And then our resolution sites, we've got 74 or 75 around the globe that are positioned strategically that we can actually run traffic through. And as that traffic continues to grow, we'll scale those sites based upon the same decision process we take today.
