George E. Kilguss: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. During the first quarter, we generated revenue of $249 million, up 5% year-over-year, and delivered GAAP operating income of $140 million, up 4.7% from $133 million in the first quarter of 2013. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 56.1% compared to 56.4% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $94 million compared to $85 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.64 in the first quarter this year compared with $0.52 for the first quarter last year. As of March 31, 2014, the company maintained total assets of $2.6 billion, which included $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Liabilities totaled $3.1 billion at the quarter end. Of the $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, $192 million was domestic, with the remainder held internationally. I'll now review some of our key first quarter operating metrics, which are: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, operating cash flow and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2014 full-year guidance. As mentioned, revenue totaled $249 million for the first quarter. 61% of our revenue was derived from customers in the U.S., and 39% was from international customers. Deferred revenue at quarter end totaled $886 million, a $30 million increase from year-end 2013. First quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $10 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $99 million compared with $106 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $96 million in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decline in the expense is primarily a result of timing differences related to implementation of certain planned marketing programs. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter expanded to 60.1% compared to 59.6% in the same quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $95 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.64 compared to $0.58 in the first quarter of 2013 and $0.65 last quarter. With respect to taxes, we continue to use a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share calculations. In 2014, we still expect to pay cash taxes of approximately $35 million to $50 million, which primarily relate to international taxes, including withholding tax on our intended repatriation. We had a weighted average diluted share count of 149 million shares in the first quarter compared to 150 million shares in the fourth quarter. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 14.3 million shares, based on the average share price during the first quarter, compared with 7.9 million for the same quarter in 2013. The share count was reduced by the full effect of fourth quarter repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 2.4 million shares repurchased during the first quarter. Operating cash flow was $142 million for the first quarter compared to $147 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $150 million for the first quarter last year. First quarter free cash flow was $130 million. With respect to our 2014, our full-year guidance includes updates to our revenue and capital expenditure projections. Revenue for 2014 is now expected to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.015 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 4% to 5%. This is a change from the $1 billion to $1.02 billion, or growth rate of 4% to 6%, as given on our last earnings call. Non-GAAP gross margin is still expected to be at least 80%. Full-year 2014 non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 58% and 60%, as we expect sales and marketing spend to accelerate in future quarters. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is still expected to be an expense of between $73 million and $77 million for 2014. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $50 million and $70 million, changed from the $60 million to $80 million range given on our last call. Our guidance is based on expectations about the outlook of our business in addition to our financial projections for interest income and expense. In summary, the company demonstrated sound financial performance in the first quarter. We have grown non-GAAP operating income and net income as compared with the first quarter of 2013. We have maintained a strong balance sheet, and expect strong operating cash flow generation to continue as a result of our financial model. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Steve, the only other commentary I would provide you is, if you recall our guidance that we gave on our last call, we talked about a zone growth of 2% to 4% in 2014. And that's still our expectation for 2013. As Jim mentioned, there are many factors that impact us inter-quarter, but in totality, we're really looking at a zone growth of between 2% and 4% for 2014.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. Sure, Walter. This is George Kilguss. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did have some marketing expense that pushed into later quarters. Basically, as I've talked about, we put a little bit more rigor around evaluating some of our marketing programs. Today, we do quite a bit of marketing through registrars, and they actually give us joint marketing proposals, which we evaluate. And as we're looking at those to see if we think they're good for us driving profitable growth, we put some more rigor and analysis around those. And that has actually caused a little bit of a slip to just some of the approval of those programs. And so some of those have slipped into Q2 and subsequent quarters. I would say, approximately, about $4 million or so of spend -- we expected to spend in marketing have slipped out the first quarter. And I would say, a fair bit of that will go into the second quarter, but some have slipped to the previous quarters. So again, it's really a timing difference. We do continue to have desires to invest further in sales and marketing, and we're doing that, we're trying to do that in a measured way. And so as a result of that timing difference, we're still keeping the same guidance between 58% and 60% for the full year of non-GAAP operating margin.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. So we made comments last quarter that we saw some registrars go for more ARPU-type of activity than they did for using domain name registrations to acquire customers. And we talked about domestic and international registrars both having that tactic. As Jim mentioned, we did see -- there's still some, particularly U.S. registrars, that are still keeping out with that ARPU strategy, but we have seen some of the international registrars regroup and go back to more of trying to acquire customers using domain names as their method to do it. So more of a customer acquisition. So we have seen a little bit of a change in that behavior. We also talked in the last call that in January, we saw a little softness from emerging markets in the month of January, particularly around China. Now post-January and post our fourth quarter call, we've actually seen a pickup in some of the emerging-market activity, particularly in China. We saw February and March be relatively strong in those markets. And so we're clearly looking for those markets to continue to perform there, but again, there's a number of confluence of factors that are going on that we mentioned there. But we still believe that our zone will grow between 2% and 4% in 2014.
George E. Kilguss: So Gregg, this is George. We definitely saw some of our registrars retarget domain names as a customer-acquisition vehicle. They were doing some discounting there. And I think they've seen some improved results from that. But not all registrars have adopted that. Some registrars have done variance of that where they may have to do something called retargeted or targeted price discounting, where maybe if you come back to their site multiple times, you might get a lower price, depending on your interest. But clearly, internationally, we have seen some registrars go back to discounting, and that has helped net registrations.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the first quarter, we furthered our work to protect, grow and manage the business. We have protected our business by providing over 16 years of 100% availability of the .com and .net DNS, and this month celebrated the company's 19th year. This track record is due to the strength and experience of our people, our commitment to excellence, and our specialized and purpose-built infrastructure. Our innovation efforts support our goals to drive profitable growth through the development of new products and services. And finally, we've been managing the business effectively, as demonstrated by our improved operating margins and delivery of value to shareholders through share repurchases during the first quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions, and operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Thanks for that question, Sterling. Yes, we get some questions, too. I think there's confusion because of just similar technology, but the best way I can describe it is to simply say these are entirely separate, they're entirely unrelated, and whatever plays out in NTIA's intent to exit IANA and transition this to ICANN is an entirely separate process. I know that there are some politics that swirl around it as well. But the bottom line is that the .com and .net contracts are entirely separate. They're separate agreements, they stand alone and nothing is has changed since those contracts were signed, meaning that the only we would lose those contracts is if we breach those contracts and fail to cure it. All of this activity swirling around IANA has no impact whatsoever on it. And I guess, I'm not sure how to be more clear than that, but that's the best description I can give you. So in a word, if your question is, how can all this IANA stuff impact our common net renewals, the answer is naught.
D. James Bidzos: Well, the contract survived any assignment or termination. Our obligation survived, ICANN or its successors' obligations survived. So our obligation to perform and their obligation to renew if we perform all survived. So all of those politics, all of those potential changes. Also, if you watch the hearings, you saw the testimony of Larry Strickling from NTIA and Fadi Chehadé, ICANN's CEO, they both testified that there will not be a transition without appropriate safeguards. ICANN is not leaving the U.S. And so I think, those are just simply further indications that these -- that what NTIA said, that it is really transitioning what it believes is a clerical role, is the way that it sees this. So we have a long way to go while these safeguards are developed, but given that and given the standalone protected nature of all of the registry agreements, including common net, I just don't see a scenario where there's any impact on these contracts. They are completely separate.
D. James Bidzos: Well there are a lot of factors that affect the zone. They're all the things that we've been talking about for some time. Obviously, the changes that [indiscernible] for them is the changes in PPC, the law of large numbers as the zone grows and also, these behavioral changes in registrars that we've talked about. Now having said that, additionally, there are roughly 100 -- over 100 new gTLDs that are delegated into the zone, and they're accepting registrations right now, and have been pretty much for most of the first quarter, for roughly almost 3 months now. And in total, there are about 570,000 registrations in, collectively, all of the new gTLDs year-to-date. I think that information is current as of just a couple of days ago. So it's too soon to tell if any of those registrations or what part of those registrations are at the expense of a .com or a .net registration, because until we see the first renewal cycle on these new gTLDs, it's really going to be difficult to assess how much impact they might have on the .com/.net zone.
D. James Bidzos: Yes. I guess, put another way, we're essentially see -- we're certainly not changing our full-year 2014 guidance.
D. James Bidzos: Yes, we don't break it out separately, as you know. I don't have any updates specific to any particular product schedule. Juniper did make a detailed press release, and you can look there for indications from their perspective on this particular partnership. And I did provide the 3 updates. We did get to the signing of a pilot agreement with a large firm that we're conducting a pilot with. I did mention some activity in patents. On the Juniper thing, I think one of the interesting aspects of that particular announcement is that it's quite different and interesting, in a sense that it's a hybrid solution, and it matches both our in-cloud DDoS mitigation service and Juniper's own on-premise equipment DDoS mitigation offering. And certainly, the DDoS market is growing. It's an area where companies are very concerned, and they're making investments. So I'd look at this as an indication that 2 companies that are major players in that market are getting together to try to provide a more optimized offering against more specialized attacks. So I think at this point, the only update that we can give you is that we've partnered with someone to address what we think is a growing market. Beyond that, unfortunately, we just can't say more at this point.
D. James Bidzos: Well, I -- let me try to answer your question this way. When we put together our plans for 2014, we baked in investments in a number of growth initiatives. And those are fully funded, and we're executing and investing in those growth initiatives. And so all of our guidance contains all of that. We don't expect to change that. So to the extent we've planned for and budgeted for growth initiatives, we are absolutely spending that money where we're making those investments. We've made our bets, we've chosen our innovation programs, we've chosen our new products and services to pursue, and we're pursuing those. And so we're staffing and funding those programs.
