George E. Kilguss III: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the company generated revenue of $1.142 billion, up 7.8% from fiscal 2015, and delivered GAAP operating income of $687 million, up 13% from $606 million for the full year 2015. Revenue for the fourth quarter totaled $286 million, up 5% year-over-year and down 0.4% sequentially. The small sequential decline was a result of the 1.9 million reduction in the domain name base during the quarter that Jim discussed earlier. During the quarter, 59% of our revenue was from customers in the U.S. and 41% was from international customers. GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter totaled $169 million, up 6.6% from $158 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. The GAAP operating margin in the quarter came to 59% compared to 58.1% in the same quarter a year ago. GAAP net income totaled $106 million compared to $102 million a year earlier, which produced diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.84 in the fourth quarter this year compared to $0.76 for the fourth quarter last year. As of December 31, 2016, the company maintained total assets of $2.3 billion and total liabilities of $3.5 billion. Assets included $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, of which $368 million were held domestically, with the remainder held abroad. I'll now review some additional fourth quarter financial metrics, which include non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings per share, diluted share count, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. I will then discuss our 2017 full year guidance. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expense, which excludes $14 million of stock-based compensation, totaled $103 million as compared to $100 million in the third quarter of 2016 and $103 million in the same quarter a year ago. The sequential increase was primarily a result of increased marketing expenses deployed in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter was 63.9% compared to 62.4% in the same quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $115 million, resulting in non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.92, based on a weighted average diluted share count of 125.5 million shares. This compares to $0.79 in the fourth quarter of 2015 and $0.93 last quarter, based on 133.4 million and 127.8 million weighted average diluted shares, respectively. Dilution related to the convertible debentures was 20.6 million shares based on the average share price during the fourth quarter, compared with 21.4 million for the same quarter in 2015 and 20.8 million shares last quarter. The share count was reduced by the full effect of third quarter 2016 repurchase activity and the weighted effect of the 2 million shares repurchased during the fourth quarter. Operating cash flow was $195 million and free cash flow was $198 million for the fourth quarter, compared with $189 million and $176 million, respectively, for the fourth quarter last year. With respect to full year 2017 guidance, the financial guidance that I will provide reflects the expected completion of the iDefense asset sale within the next few months. Revenue for 2017 is expected to be in the range of $1.138 billion to $1.158 billion. Full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be between 64% and 65%. Our non-GAAP interest expense and non-GAAP non-operating income net is expected to be an expense of between $93 million and $100 million. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be between $35 million and $45 million. And finally, cash taxes for the year are expected to be between $15 million and $25 million. Substantially all of the expected cash taxes in 2017 are international, primarily because of domestic tax attributes, including cash tax benefits from our convertible debentures. These convertible debentures continue to generate cash tax benefits while they remain outstanding, and they are an important part of our capital structure. Although we will have the right to redeem these debentures under the terms of the indentures starting in August of 2017, our intention, based on current conditions, is not to redeem these debentures, which will allow the cash tax benefit to continue to accrue. In summary, the company continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the fourth quarter and full year 2016. Now, I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
George E. Kilguss III: Gregg, thanks for the question. In general, our renewal rates both domestically and internationally have been relatively consistent with one another. But the vast majority of the decline that we saw in our international renewal rates is really related to the China names. That was the biggest factor. Everything else stayed relatively consistent for us.
George E. Kilguss III: Yeah. For the group of names that are similar – the group of names – it was about 750,000 to 1 million names that came in in the first quarter of 2016 that was also from, what we believe to be, the China investor phenomena. We expect those to have similar renewal rates as the names that renewed in the fourth quarter of 2016.
George E. Kilguss III: Sure. I think there're a variety of factors that go into our revenue guidance, which is $1.138 billion to $1.158 billion for next year. Clearly, we had a very strong 2016, we were up 7.8% in 2016 versus 4.9% in 2015. And as we've talked about, a lot of that revenue growth was from a unique event, which was attributed to the strong China investor community. And as we've mentioned, about a third of those names renewed in the fourth quarter. So we do have some names, as I just mentioned, coming up in the first quarter that should, if they had the same renewal rate, will delete out of the zone sometime in the late first quarter, early second quarter. And so that's part of what's influencing it. Also to a lesser extent, you're correct, the iDefense business, we expect that revenue to get out of the business as we close this transaction. And so without disclosing any details on the iDefense business, which we're not, I would say it's really those two factors that are giving our view of revenue today, and as always we'll update our guidance each quarter as we get more visibility into the year.
George E. Kilguss III: Well, .net was also impacted by the China activity in 2015, and so we did see some of .net names also churn out of the zone in the fourth quarter of 2016. The .net is still a great brand for us globally. It's well-recognized. It continues to do well in markets internationally, as well as domestically. But there is a lot of choice in the domain name industry, and there is clearly competition, whether it be from ccTLDs or other technologies. But we still are looking to drive demand in .net, and it's still a great brand for us globally.
George E. Kilguss III: Yeah. So, there was nothing unusual in the quarter. I'm not sure how your models track our revenue performance, but nothing unusual from an other revenue perspective.
George E. Kilguss III: Yeah, sure, Jason, I'd be happy to. So if you looked at the quarter from a non-GAAP basis, we had about $103 million of expenses in the quarter. That was up about $3 million from the third quarter, where we had about $100 million. And the majority, if not all of that increase, was spent in the marketing area. We continue to partner with our registrars to put more marketing dollars in various markets to drive domain name growth. And so we were able to put that money to work and we continue to look to opportunities to partner with registrars to do that in markets that we think can drive profitable growth for us.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. In closing, during the last year, we expanded our work to protect, grow, and manage the business, while continuing our focus to provide long-term value to our shareholders. We think that our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution will extend the long trend lines of growth in our top and bottom line, and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Sure. Well, I think in my comments I not only said all I should. I think I said all there really is to say at this point. There's no information beyond what I told you. I can give you a little bit more color, I guess. We've certainly said in the past that inorganic growth is part of our growth strategy, and sometimes regulatory review becomes part of that process. So we received the CID, which is kind of like a subpoena. We've been discussing it with the DOJ since shortly after we received it, and we've provided some information already and we're continuing to cooperate. So like I said in my remarks, we believe we're well positioned to grow .web. We think that the industry is extremely competitive. Beyond that, it's just too early in the process to say anything beyond that. It's just speculation and I really can't do that.
D. James Bidzos: Certainly, .net is not the brand that .com is. Com is a stronger brand, but there are 15.3 million .net registrations. It's a globally recognized and a trusted brand. It had, in the past couple of years, actually dipped briefly below 15 million names, and it's recovered. So I think its growth trajectory is just a little bit different than .com, but it's still a very, very strong and recognized brand. It's the second largest generic TLD behind com.
D. James Bidzos: I don't know if you're on a cell phone. The very end of that was a little difficult to understand. You said that other revenue was a little bit higher in the quarter, and then you said something else that I think at least I wasn't able to get.
D. James Bidzos: So let me address your first question about iDefense. I think you were asking about strategic rationale. We've certainly said consistently that we are certainly better suited to be a consumer rather than a producer of threat intelligence. Our primary business is, obviously, the secure and stable operation of infrastructure supporting .com and .net. That's our primary mission. That's the most important thing that we do. We, obviously, need good cyber defenses in order to do that, but we will continue to be an iDefense customer and receive it, but it's a little different than the other security services. And as I mentioned in my remarks, this is specifically iDefense. It's not our Managed DNS business and it's not our DDoS Protection businesses. So I think it's just sort of a logical sort of business procession for us. Your other question was about other revenue, and I'll ask George maybe to address that.
D. James Bidzos: Yeah. If I can just throw out some additional color for you. I mean, we've had, as you know, a number of different growth initiatives and we did monetize some patents in 2016 and we expect to do so in 2017 as well. But the amount is not material. We've adjusted our growth efforts to align with a rapidly changing domain name market. Some of those changes include shifts in traditional channels for domain names, possible secondary market activity and corresponding changes to how we invest in marketing. So, while we're planning to realize 2017 revenue from these other efforts, we don't expect it to be material and none of it's in our guidance.
D. James Bidzos: Yeah, we don't guide to the renewal rates, but there is only a few more months and that information will be available.
