Brian G. Robins: The Q1 operational and financial results demonstrate that we are making good progress towards our 2010 goals. You will recall that we highlighted at our Analyst Day the following key financial metrics: revenue, deferred revenue, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP EPS growth, and free cash flow. We were pleased with our Q1 performance in all of these areas.  Starting with revenue for our core business, revenue was $263 million, up 1% from the prior quarter and up 4% year-over-year. Naming Services revenue was up 2% sequentially and up 9% year-over-year. Authentication Services revenue was down 1% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. The sequential decline of Authentication Services was related to user authentication as well as VeriSign Japan. Deferred revenue from continuing operations was strong.  In Q1, we ended the quarter at $924 million, up $36 million or 4% from Q4 and up 6% from the same period in 2009. The strength is primarily the growth in new domain names and Naming Services. The subscription based deferred revenue is a key strength of our business model. Non-GAAP operating expenses was approximately $159 million, down 4%, quarter-over-quarter due primarily to the $4 million out of period depreciation adjustment that was discussed in Q4.  As well as managing Q1 expenses ahead of revenue visibility. Non-GAAP operating expenses were flat year-over-year. Our GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 33.6%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 39.8% in the first quarter compared to 36.8% in Q4. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter was $69 million resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.37 compared to $0.31 in Q4 and $0.32 in the same period in 2009.  Contributing to a strong sequential earnings growth was the following: continued execution on expense management, less than expected other loss net due to a gain from the contingent interest derivative related to convertible debt, higher transition services revenue in Q1, and improved interest income, and finally 2.1 million additional shares that we purchased during the quarter, resulting in a diluted share count of 184 million shares and net reduction of 8.5 million shares from Q1 2009. Operating cash flow was approximately $101 million in Q1, which includes the payment of accrued employee bonuses of approximately $36 million.  Free cash flow was $89 million in Q1, giving $8 million in excess tax benefits and $20 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. Our balance sheet is strong with ending cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash of approximately $1.6 billion; an increase of $73 million after share repurchases of 50 million.  We ended the quarter with approximately $460 million in marketable securities; moving from a government money-market, light boat strategy with our cash to a prudent investment strategy that we hope to improve our yield. We invested in investment grade securities with an emphasis first on capital preservation liquidity and second on yield. We have $647 million off rights for share repurchases. As we indicated previously, approximately 60% of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities is held domestically.  Moving on to guidance, as we indicated last quarter we no longer provide quarterly guidance. However, we will update you on our progress toward our annual guidance each quarter. At this point we believe that we are making good progress to achieve or exceed the targets we provided at Analyst Day and reiterated on the Q4 call. Core revenue growth for 2010 will be in the range of 5% to 7%, up from 4% to 7%. In light of the sequential improvement that we saw in Q4, we now expect to exit Q4 2010 with non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 39.5% to 40%, up from 39% to 39.5%. Non-GAAP other loss net is expected to be approximately $32 million for 2010.  Our guidance is based on continued growth, disciplined execution, and increased operating efficiencies within our businesses. In closing, Q1 provides a strong foundation from which we can continue to focus on growing the business. During the quarter we improved company-wide performance and profitability while continuing to invest in our people, our technology, and our brand. Our operational excellence and unique capabilities coupled with our financial strength will move the business forward by relying on our experience and strengths.  We would now like to open up your call for questions. 
Brian G. Robins: There really is not. Most everything is out. We are sort of at the base employee count. We entered the quarter with approximately 2,200 employees. There is differing here and there. It is just optimization of the divestitures being completed. We are re-designing some of our internal infrastructure and it is just so there is no material cost left to be taken out. 
Brian G. Robins: Yes. Well in the past we have seen a normalized renewal rate in the 70%, 71%, and 72%. Obviously based on what we saw in the fourth quarter, now the first quarter expectations as you go forward I would say are maybe 71% to 72% as opposed to 70% to 71%. Like I said, if you go historically looking at things taking out the whole PPC period, those rates are fairly normal. 
Brian G. Robins: I didn’t on that. I would say if I look back a couple, what’s the rate of decline, the declination rate for the AUR, it’s been pretty consistent over the last two or three quarters. Last quarter has actually slowed down a little bit. This quarter is consistent with the quarter before that. So I would say we could probably expect that the next couple of quarters will be the same or a slightly better rate or a little slower rate of decline before we start to turn in the other direction. I think that’s got a lot to do with the way the money flows in this business on a different month. 
Brian G. Robins: Hi Rob, this is Brian. The nature of the deferred model, the units, is going to grow… The pickups in the units are going to grow a little bit quicker than the deferred revenue. You saw the increase in deferred revenue that will eventually flow out of revenue. So you don’t see that there was sort of a mismatch this quarter and you will see those come more inline over the next couple of quarters.  As it relates to TV and some of the other CTLDs, those picked up as well within the quarter with the overall market. We were pleased with their progress as well. Rob Owens – Pacific Crest Securities :  Okay so more deferred in nature then. Given the increase in long-term deferred, is there any extension in name duration during the quarter? You are still running about five quarters. 
Brian G. Robins: From the marketable securities perspective, we have historically been in treasuries as very, very low yield and we weren’t getting much return on cash due to the credit crisis and so we went into AA or better. Really into corporate paper and government bonds and we in the first quarter we increased our yield considerably and so for the cash that we have on our balance sheet, we’re just looking at ways to increase the yield, first protecting the capital itself and second, looking for yield and returns.  So it’s just trying to increase interest income on the cash that we have. From a buy-back perspective, you know we bought a lot back in fourth quarter, bought back another $50 million in this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we still have about $650 million as authorized and we continue to look for ways to return value to shareholders through re-purchases or investment in the company.
Brian G. Robins: Unfortunately I can’t comment on future repurchases but we have been fairly aggressive historically in repurchasing stock and we will continue to look at ways to return value to shareholders. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hi Karen, it’s Mark. I would be happy to address both of those. On the top side, we obviously saw that there is more achievement in the first quarter than we had predicted. So from a revenue standpoint, the guidance we had given was 4% to 7%. We are tightening that range 5% to 7% and we will see how the rest of the year goes. You know it’s deferred so it bleeds out over time as we over achieve.  On the SSL competition side, the short answer is no. We haven’t seen any increased competition from what we see today, which is almost primarily all at the low end. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: At this point what we saw in the AUR, as mentioned on the VeriSign branded certificate, the AUR there was slack quarter over quarter so there has been a six-quarter decline on the ASP at VeriSign so it flattened out this quarter, which is good news. We think it’s due to a lot of, at this point, put in place around discounting and is just the sentiment in the market.  I think that, if you remember from Analyst Day, I discussed this accounting and I discussed the mix shift. I think that is primarily what we see from an AUR standpoint going forward for our mid-shift basis. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: Shaul this is Mark. I would say that we are obviously working to increase them. I think it’s a good indicator that they are flat in that quarter; actually it was up a little bit. We are calling it flat here, but its weak and if we continue to reduce discount, I think we can hold the line on pricing. It is possible that that could increase. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hi Todd, this is Mark. On the APL side, we are pretty consistent in a 1.17 on the APL, so that hasn’t changed in a while. Then on your question on the margins, obviously margins will slow from the increase on the base and we will see that again. You know it is deferred, it takes time for that all to hit. That is one of the reasons why we are saying 39.5% to 40% on the exit margin; previously we said 39% to 39.5%. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: I think it is the mix of a few things, Sterling. The overages in the quarter from what our expectations were really were driven both by an increased renewal rate as well as new registrations. So if I break those two things apart for a second, on the renewal side we know that the registrars have been working hard over the last year to increase the renewal rates just because it is easier to keep those than find new businesses. It’s less expensive and that appears to be working out for them, plus I think people are just more confident about the economy and that always translates well for us.  On the new stuff side, like I said in the first quarter there is a lot of marketing that is done that is generally really geared up for the rest of the year. That was more successful this year than in previous years; probably because people are feeling more confident. Internationally we keep seeing really nice international growth as well.  I don’t think the factors have really changed about what we drive the business for, it is just that they are coming through stronger in a better economy. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: No. There are some TLDs that we would pursue. We haven’t ever said what those would be for obvious reasons, so we don’t tip our hand. So none of that’s changed in the sense that we know which ones we like and we know which ones we would go after. From a process standpoint, there really have been no changes on that process standpoint that would be that any of that is coming down the pike sooner than June 2011 as far as it actually being done and implemented. 
Mark D. McLaughlin: Hi Steve, Mark. On the who do we sell to, the plan is to at least two groups of folks. The first one we are after is a broad-broad market that we’ve never addressed before, which would be sites that do not require SSL certificates. So they are non-transactional sites in nature. There are ten times more sites in that category than folks who would be in the ecommerce SSL total addressable market.  That is where we started and that is where we are right now. We will increase that into our existing SSL base in the July time frame when we take that into our core customer base. From a sales perspective, we are doing two things. The first is we have hired some sales people just to sell this, so that we are going to get trainers. The trainers, we are going to have special people who are specialized in this. We are training right now our existing SSL sales force so that they can sell into the existing SSL base come the July time frame.  Also in the May and June time frame, we will be rolling this out. For the first time it is not going to our channel yet, but we are taking this to our channel partners as well. So you will see us over the course of four to six months to have this fully in the market from a sales end and channel perspective.
Mark D. McLaughlin: It’s hard to say. I think if you look back over the, like I like to do over a ten year period, take out the anomalies of the dot com bust and the PPC , 75% to 76% renewal rate not be historical norm, it’s a bit lower than that. I think we are approaching or at the more historical norm for the business, so it’s going to get higher than it is today. Yes, we’ve seen that before. I think if it’s going there it’s going to continue to do like it’s done in the last few quarters which is an incremental basis of moving up a bit, on a quarter to quarter basis.
Mark D. McLaughlin: No, so we’ve had a couple of these in the past and we really haven’t seen any concentrated effort to try to get in front of that, if you will, that’s resulted in anything material so I wouldn’t expect it this time.
Mark D. McLaughlin: Sure we look at that obviously as a growth area. It’s small today. We’ve started off with the core of [i] defense, that’s what we’re trying to build this business around and we added organically our [d dots] mitigation service and it’s a small business for us right now, but it’s got a nice sales pipeline behind it. The major news internally around that and the good news is getting [Ben Peecher] on board who is a very established guy particularly in this space and knows how to build businesses from the ground up. We like that business a lot, from a materiality standpoint that’ll be beyond 2010 as far as registering.
