Jim Bidzos: Thanks David and good afternoon everyone. I'm pleased to report another solid quarter which kept the strong 2017 for VeriSign. Fourth quarter and full year results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers, while generating profitable growth and providing long term value to our shareholders.  In 2017 VeriSign delivered strong financial performance reporting $1.165 billion in revenues, resulting in $653 million in free cash flow and generating full year 2017 non-GAAP operating margins of 65.3%. 2017 was a strong year for the .com and .net domain name base, in which the company processed 36.7 million registrations and finished the with 146.4 million links. During the year we marked more than 20 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net. Also last year we renewed the .net registry agreement for another 6 years until 2023.  During the quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 1.3 million for $145 million. during the full year 2017, we repurchased 6.3 million shares for $593 million. Effective today the board of directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for share repurchase by approximately $586 million to a total of 1 billion authorized and available under the share repurchase program which have no expression.  Our final position in strong with $2.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. At the end of December, the domain name base in .com and .net totaled $146.4 million, consisting of 131.9 million names for .com and 14.5 million names for .net. During the fourth quarter we processed 9 million new registrations and the domain name base increased by 0.57 million names. During the quarter we continue to see strength from domestic registrars which was offset by a lower second time renewal rate associated with the remaining China surge names from late 2015. Although renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the fourth quarter of 2017 will be 72.2%.  We expect full year 2018 domain name base growth guidance to be between 2% and 3%. For the first quarter we expect an increase to the domain name base of between 1.5 million to 2 million registrations. I would like to comment now on a recent positive development in our efforts to become the registry operator for .web. You may have seen the 8K we filed in January, in it we disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice's anti-trust division notified us that it had closed its investigation regarding the .web top level domain.  We're now engaged in ICANN process to move the delegation of .web forward. However as this is ICANN's process we cannot say when it will conclude and while it's possible that our operation of .web will commence this year the 2018 revenue guidance we will provide does not include any revenue from .web. Of course, we will provide with updates as appropriate. And now I would like to turn the call over to George. 
Jim Bidzos: Thank you, George. 2017 was another solid year for VeriSign, there was further expansion of the domain name based and revenues, we generated an efficiently return value to shareholders, we renewed the .net registry agreement for another six years until 2023 and we mark more than 20 years of uninterrupted availability of the VeriSign DNS for .com and .net.  Finally, or early with this year we discuss that the U.S. Department of Justice notified as closed it investigation regarding the .net top level domain. We continued our work to protect grow advance of business, while continuing our focus on providing long-term value to our shareholders. We think our focus on profitable growth and disciplined execution in extent the long-term lines of growth in our top and bottom line and allow us to continue our consistent track record of generating and returning value to our shareholders in the most efficient manner.  We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Jim Bidzos: I don’t think I have it at the tip of my fingers that précis numbers but I don’t believe that they are materially, I've seen a lot of activity in the secondary markets of trading in comp registrations that have crypto in them. But I don’t think that there are any meaningful direct contributions to new net registrations in the numbers that we've reported.  There is just a huge amount of interest in cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin as you know now that it has the exchanges. And what we've seen I would say specifically is a spike in value in the secondary market of -- any multiple keyword names with crypto in them. 
Jim Bidzos: I think it's just too early at this point to discuss any details about go-to-market or launch plan for .web. because an ICANN process that we are now engaged in with Department of Justice having closed their investigation of .web and when that process completes, I'm sure we will have a lot more to say but at this point would just be premature. 
Jim Bidzos: Well, first of all, I guess just to remind everybody on the call. In late September 2016, NTIA approved the .com registry agreement to be extended to November 30, 2024. At that time, NTIA chose not to extend the cooperative agreement. So, it is currently scheduled to terminate on November 30, 2018. Whether to extend that cooperative agreement or not as NTIA's decision and their process. And so, I can't comment on that. they have the right to conduct the public interest review for the sole purpose of terminating whether or not they will exercise their right to extend the term of the cooperative agreement.  Now one update that is new since the last time we've talked is that David Redl was confirmed as the assistant secretary and administrator of the NTIA in that November of 2017. Unfortunately, there is no update I can give you there, we can't comment on Mr. Redl's appointment or the NTIA in regard to their progress related to the cooperative agreement that's theirs not ours. As soon as we can, we'll share whatever information we do have though. 
George Kilguss: Sure. I mean keep in mind though on an annual basis, our total marketing expense is pretty flat year-over-year. As I talked about few quarters ago, we clearly look to execute on marketing programs, that we think drive the best returns for the company and sometimes those programs we have to pivot during the year and we had lighter marketing expenses as we've talked about in the middle of 2017 and we finally got some programs coming out. We didn't make a little bit of a shift away from some register our marketing programs to more direct marketing programs. We did some advertising for our brands both .com and .net both domestically and abroad. And so, we've been doing a little bit more direct marketing as a result of that. And those programs came out in the fourth quarter and will continue to run in the first half of 2018 here.
George Kilguss: Yes. So as mentioned in my prepared remarks, from a GAAP perspective, we made an accrual for the onetime transition tax and that was partially offset by the revaluation of our DTLs and from a GAAP perspective that was about $9 million.  From a cash tax perspective, as you mentioned we're guiding to $70 million to $90 million in 2018 and that's up from about $28 million this year. As mentioned this reflects a variety of the impacts from the Tax Act including the impacts of our impended repatriation. And while I don't think it make sense with all the puts and takes with the tax calculation, I think the big items impacting the company from a cash tax perspective going forward are really the tax on foreign earnings, the U.S. tax on foreign earnings and then the U.S. limitations on interest deductions partially offset by the U.S. tax rate but that amount does include impact as well from our repatriation.  As far as interest limitations U.S. tax reforms clearly has diminished benefits for interest expense, there are some limitations there. And as a result, I mentioned we are looking at our entire capital structure, we're looking at it, we'll be evaluating it. And as our convert to part of that capital structure we'll look at them as well.
George Kilguss: In 2017 we absolutely have seen a good U.S. market but have been said that European markets have also done well for us, our expectation is that we will see good growth in both U.S. and international markets next year but we don’t guide to the specific markets over their performances. 
George Kilguss: Well, I think in general, I don’t think there will be a change in how we approach capital allocation. As always, we look to need to business using our strategic frame work of protect, grow and manage and we do what we think is best for the business. As you may recall our strategic frame work includes making sure we maintain and adequate amount of liquidity for the business both today and for tomorrow, what we think the needs are to continue to invest in our protect mission for the network and our business for today and tomorrow, to invest in technology and innovation that we think will drive profitable growth for the business and then once we accomplish those goals, we then evaluate how much excess capital we think appropriate to return to shareholders and in what form. We think that frame work which we have been using for the past six years as service well and we will continue to use that frame work as it relates to the capital corporation. 
George Kilguss: We don’t guide renewal rates by country as mentioned the cohort that was originally from the 2015 China search that cohort was about 1.4 million names coming into the year and that renewal rate was probably out of blended basis may be about 40%, for that cohort. So, we did have a portion of those names come out, however we were anticipating that, we did comment on that last quarter and that was in the guidance that we gave and we fell within the range of the guidance but most of that cohort now is I would say through the system if many material names. I would expect renewal rates to go back to more normalized rates. 
George Kilguss: So, Walter as I mentioned, we're just evaluating our convertible debentures in conjunction with evaluating our capital structure. So, we're still looking at that. So, our guidance is really based on where we see today or what we're doing it, it's doesn't involve looking at any changes from that fact. We're still evaluating it. 
George Kilguss: Yeah so, I think you're referring to the transition tax, Tax Act allows you to look at your taxes and what they would have been with the Tax Act or without. So, it's a with or without calculation. And for us when we do that calculation, we expect to actually defer that amount of tax over the 8 years allowed by the Tax Act. 
George Kilguss: So, as we mentioned previously, we don't guide to a long-term cash tax rate. However, I would say in the short term we expect that that rate to still be below our GAAP tax rate as we use up foreign tax credits. At the end of 2017 we had about $122 million of foreign tax credits. And we now expect to utilize those over the next 2 to 3 years.
George Kilguss: Like I said they will probably full utilize it over the next three years, so obviously you’re using more up in the year one and two and probably less in year three but the utilization of FTC to be perfectly candid is somewhat complex and is depended on a variety of factors, so it’s a little bit, clearly I have an idea of what they will be but it's probably premature to give that number because they can change overtime depending on how foreign income is recognized overseas. 
Walter Pritchard: Hi thank. I think all my questions have been answered. Just one I wanted to make sure I clarified. On the tax scenario that you've outlined the $70 million to $90 million in the tax reform out of 22%. Does that contemplate within in the convert. And if not does the redeem of the convert potentially have additional tax impact beyond what you've talked about. 
Walter Pritchard: And then is that 70 to 90 cash tax rate, it sounds like that doesn't mean, most companies are talking about having an 8 year [Technical Difficulty].
Walter Pritchard: But the 70 to 90 does includes still the benefit of some of those foreign tax credits and then those would expire at some point here. 
