George Kilguss: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter ended March 31, 2020, the company generated revenue of $313 million, up 2% from the same quarter in 2019, and delivered operating income of $206 million, up 3% from $200 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating expense totaled $106 million, flat with the first quarter a year ago and lower from $112 million last quarter. The sequential decrease in operating expense is primarily a result of a decrease in sales and marketing expenses in the quarter, partially offset by the $2 million in donations that Jim mentioned earlier.  The operating margin in the quarter came to 66% compared to 65.4% in the same quarter a year ago. Net income totaled $334 million compared to $163 million a year earlier, which produced diluted earnings per share of $2.86 in the first quarter this year compared to $1.35 for the same quarter last year. As noted in our earnings release, net income for the quarter included the recognition of $168 million of previously unrecognized income tax benefits. This income tax benefit increased diluted earnings per share by $1.44.  As of March 31, 2020, the company maintained total assets of $1.754 billion and total liabilities of $3.163 billion. Assets included $1.139 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $180 million, and free cash flow was $169 million compared with $187 million and $178 million, respectively, for the first quarter last year.  I will now discuss full year 2020 guidance. Revenue is still expected to be in the range of $1.250 billion to $1.265 billion. This revenue range forecast reflects the updated domain name base growth rate of between 2% and 3.75% that Jim mentioned earlier. The operating margin, which includes stock-based compensation, is still expected to be between 64.5% and 65.5%. This guidance range reflects our expectation of incremental and continued investment in our operational infrastructure, security capabilities and sales and marketing expense during the remainder of 2020.  Interest expense and nonoperating income net is now expected to be an expense of between $80 million and $85 million. This updated range reflects lower expected interest income on cash balances due to decreased interest rates. Capital expenditures are still expected to be between $45 million and $55 million. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be a benefit of between 2% and 5%, which reflects the $168 million income tax benefit recognized in the first quarter. For the balance of 2020, we expect tax expense as a percent of pretax income of between 19% and 22%. Cash taxes for 2020 will not be impacted by the remeasurement of our accrual for uncertain tax positions discussed earlier and are expected to still be in the range of 18% to 21% of pretax income.  In summary, VeriSign continued to demonstrate sound financial performance during the quarter, and we look forward to continuing our focused execution for the balance of 2020 during this period of market uncertainty.  Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his closing remarks.
George Kilguss: Sure. Rob, it's George. From a renewal rate perspective, we did see renewal rates tick up a little bit from year ago levels. When we take a deeper look, we see the previously renewed rate really being the driver of that. So we're seeing people who have renewed names previously continue to hold on to those names. And as we talked about before, that's a normal function that we've seen previously as the base stages. As we look at the domain name base performance itself, clearly here in the first quarter, as Jim mentioned, we had what actually was a good Q1. New units were up 2.1% from a year ago and delivered $1.8 million. As you mentioned, we're keeping an eye on the domain name base and demand for the rest of the year. In the quarter, we saw good strength from the United States registrars. And I would say the China market was a little softer, but the strength from the U.S. registrars really outpaced that and overcompensated for that, helping the domain name base to continue to grow here in Q1.
George Kilguss: There was no non-domain name revenue that was material that we didn't have present in the fourth quarter. I think what may be impacting your perception is we had a very, very strong fourth quarter. And so we had quite a few domains come in the fourth quarter, and that's just waterfalling here into the first quarter and helping us getting a little bit of a tailwind here in Q1.
James Bidzos: This is Jim. I'll ask George to answer the substance of your question. I would just say beforehand that there's obvious significant economic impact from COVID-19. And we're talking about Q1 here, but, obviously, this is going to last more than 1 quarter. So I would just say, again, for clarity that our more cautious view because of this crisis is reflected in all of our guidance. But George, let me have you answer the question, if you would.
James Bidzos: Okay. Well, I think the best way I can answer your question. First of all, let me just say that your question is actually sort of getting to a process that we employ. So rather than try to interpret that on the fly, let me just give you some facts about that. Under Amendment 3 that, I think, will be helpful to answer your question, under Amendment 3 to the COM agreement, VeriSign `is allowed to take a price increase in each of the last 4 years of every 6-year period of up to 7% over the maximum price in the preceding pricing year. Pricing year is defined as October 26 to October 25. This time frame is consistent with Amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement that established the start of the 6-year period as of October 26, 2018. So those are the sort of the facts of the mechanics, and I think that should help you kind of get to where you want me to.
James Bidzos: So I assume you're referring to GoDaddy's acquisition of NeuStar. So let me just say GoDaddy has been and is an important channel partner for us, and we expect that to continue. End users continue to see tremendous value in the common net top level domains, and we know that all of our channel partners recognize that value as well. So also, it's important to note that vertical integration is not new. Several of our registrar channel partners also operate TLD registries, including Google, which has Google Registry and Name.com, which is a registrar that owns Donuts, which is a large registry. In each case, these registrars continue to be important channel partners for VeriSign.
James Bidzos: I really -- I don't see that it really has any impact on any thinking about that. As I said, this is not the first time that a registrar has become a registry. There are several of them out there, and those relationships work fine. But I think there's no update on .web, so it's early to speculate about .web per se. But at this point, no real comment to say about that. I mean, we've certainly discussed the ability to be vertically integrated, but let me just say Amendment 35 to the cooperative agreement clarified that the vertical integration within the com registry was only meant to apply to com. So we can't be vertically integrated for com. That clarification is now included in Amendment 3 to the COM Registry Agreement. And the net registry agreement doesn't have a similar clarification.
James Bidzos: I don't believe it has. The proceedings in this arbitration are -- actually have even preceding the COVID-19 crisis, even the appearance of COVID-19 have always been telephonic. And so it's unlike appearances in court where people need to show up and physically be there. I believe there is an upcoming hearing later this year that is at least planned to be in person, but I can't speculate about what would happen there. But everything that's gone on thus far has been telephonic. So thus far, there's been no slowdown. Beyond that, I can't speculate about what will happen.
James Bidzos: I can't speculate about exactly what will happen when. I just know that there was a hearing that was at least planned to be an in-person hearing. I don't know if that's subject change or not. I'm not familiar with that level of detail with the rules, the flexibility or the plans or what impact the COVID-19 crisis may have on that particular plan. I just know that things have proceeded so far because, again, all of the proceedings of literally everyone has been telephonic.
James Bidzos: We are very pleased with the performance of our network under increased traffic loads. It's designed with considerable excess capacity. And as I stated earlier, we are -- we planned for situations like this, which certainly, the -- not just from the work-from-home environment perspective, but also from an increased traffic capacity. Excess capacity to deal with traffic loads has always been a design criteria in our network, and we're accommodating traffic without issues.
