D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. Our second quarter results were in line with our objectives of offering security and stability to our customers while generating profitable growth and providing long-term value to our shareholders. We reported revenue of $250 million, which was 4.6% higher year-over-year, and delivered strong financial performance, including $129 million in free cash flow. The base of .com and .net active registered domain names ended the quarter at 128.9 million. Our balance sheet remains strong with $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Our strategic framework to protect, grow and manage the business continues to serve us well as we see operational and financial benefits from our focus and discipline. As part of managing our business, during the second quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 6 million shares for $300 million. On July 23, 2014, the Board of Directors increased the amount of VeriSign common stock authorized for repurchase by approximately $491 million to a total of $1 billion authorized and available under the share buyback program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. Before I get into the second quarter results, I want to provide a few updates since our last earnings call. First, I'm pleased to inform you that during the second quarter, we completed the repatriation of a net $741 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries. Also today, we announced an increase in the annual fee for a .net domain registration per our agreement with ICANN. As of February 1, 2015, the annual fee for a .net domain name registration will increase from $6.18 to $6.79. As of the end of Q2, there were 15.2 million .net registered names. During the second quarter, additional new generic top-level domains were delegated into the root zone. As you recall, VeriSign began to engage in the negotiating and contracting process with ICANN on our remaining 13 applications last quarter. We continue to move forward on our negotiations with ICANN but have no further updates at this time. Also, one of our back-end registry customers, new gTLD has gone into sunrise period, and additional customers have either passed pre-delegation testing or are scheduled for pre-delegation testing shortly. We will provide further updates as appropriate regarding the status of our applications and the status of back-end registry customers. Regarding our patent program, we continue to receive inquiries from registry operators about using some elements of our patented registry technology. We're also exploring new ways of bringing the industry together to coordinate ongoing development of registry operations. I'll comment now on second quarter operating highlights. At the end of June, the total base of active registered domain names in .com and .net was 128.9 million, consisting of 113.7 million for .com and 15.2 million names for .net. This represents an increase of 3.7% year-over-year. In the second quarter, we added 0.42 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.5 million new gross registrations. In the first quarter of 2014, the renewal rate was 72.6% compared with 73.2% for the first quarter of 2013. While renewal rates are not fully measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the second quarter of 2014 will be approximately 71.7%. This rate compares to 72.7% achieved in the second quarter of 2013. As we discussed the last few quarters, there are many factors that drive zone growth. These include search algorithm changes, changes to certain domestic and international registrar marketing tactics and confusion from the initial rapid introduction of a large number of new top-level domains. Also, we have discussed in previous calls renewal rates, for the first time, renewing names have been softer, impacting the overall renewal rate. This change is influenced by a number of factors, including search algorithm changes, growth in geographies of lower first-time renewal rates, previous year registrar promotions and other factors. Last quarter, we did guide to lower net adds for Q2 and indicated an expected recovery in Q3 and Q4. This recovery appears to be on track, and we forecast third quarter 2014 net additions to the zone to be between 0.6 million and 1.1 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. During the second quarter, we further our work to protect, grow and manage the business. One week ago today, we marked 17 continuous years of 100% availability of .com. This track record is due to the skill of our people and our specialized infrastructure. We drive profitable growth by strengthening and extending our service offerings and through the development of new products and services. Finally, we've been managing the business effectively, as demonstrated by our improved operating margins, improved tax position and by the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases during the second quarter. We remain committed to offering the security and stability that are at the core of our business and make VeriSign a company with an unparalleled DNS service record and a company committed to long-term value-creation for our shareholders. We'll now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Okay. Sterling, thanks. This is Jim. Yes, and maybe for some of those out there who aren't aware, Google did make an announcement recently that they would -- they are actually an accredited registrar, and they announced that they would be offering a package of services, including domain names to businesses. Their stated goal was to try to get the small businesses online at a faster rate. I think they said that roughly only half of very small businesses in America have Web presences today, and that's the market that they're targeting. So I won't speak for registrars and say what it might mean for them, but I think for registries like VeriSign, this is actually good news because Google is obviously a company with a lot of market reach and is able to target businesses. They did announce this as part of their release of news that .com and .net would be among the domains that they'll be offering to these new businesses that are coming online. They'll be offering some other services as well, e-mail and some other services. But I think for us, this is good news because Google as an additional retail outlet for our products can only benefit .com and .net, as they become available to more people from a company with tremendous capability to reach those small businesses that are not yet online. So I see this as a plus for us. Now Google also has a registry and they have applied for new top-level domains. Some of those have been delegated, but I believe they've said themselves that they keep a separation between their registry and their registrar operation. So I think -- I take their announcement at face value, that they're going to bring businesses online, they're going to offer a package of services and they're going to offer popular domain names, including .com and .net. So I'm encouraged by it.
D. James Bidzos: Sure, I can expand on what I said in my prepared remarks. I talked about some impact from the confusion of the rapid delegation of new gTLDs. So I think the number as of today is over 300. I think it's over -- just over 340. So it's more than a trickle. There are very, very large number of new top-level domains that have been delegated. They've been -- the first ones appeared in very early February, and there are many of them that are available for sale. They currently have total gross registrations. They don't have any net numbers yet because they haven't been through a renewal cycle. But their total gross registrations for the roughly 6 months that new gTLDs have been for sale is just over 1.6 million, so I think that puts them right about on par with, say, .co. And just to give you some perspective, if you follow our daily adds, the data for the 23rd of July, yesterday, it's about 110,000 gross adds for common net, with about 30,000 -- over 30,000 net adds. And the data for the 22nd is almost identical, just over 110,000 gross adds that day, with over 30,000 net adds for that 1 day. So putting those in perspective, what I meant is that 342 new gTLDs over a period of 6 months is very, very rapid. And I think there is some confusion. And let me just say, first of all, we should be careful about drawing long-term conclusions until we've actually seen a renewal cycle, which we've not seen yet. But I think in the early wave, what you saw was lots of sales of premium domain names. And then in the second wave, I think you saw a lot of new TLDs offering non-premium pricing for everything. So premium pricing seemed to sort of diminish a bit. And then in the third wave, we've seen lots of top -- new top-level domains being offered essentially for free, in some cases being registered for customers in opt-out campaigns where essentially they're not even asking for them. So I think that's caused some confusion. The fact that there are plurals available. So for example, just recently, .supply and .supplies were both delegated. I think that confuses people a little bit. Should they get a registration in just one? Should they get a registration in both? Can they get a registration in both? What if the registration they're seeking is registered somewhere else with high traffic, like .com, but they can't get that? Are they going to lose a lot of traffic to it? I think these are things people are kind of trying to try a -- having some difficulty understanding. So that's what I mean by confusion. So I think that's had some -- that confusion has had some impact. I think it's mostly been in Q2. As I mentioned in my remarks, we did guide to a lower Q2, and we guided to a growing Q3. And I think the numbers I gave you for the last few days would give you an indication. For those of you that follow it, if you just simply take, for example, a straight-line method of the average daily net adds for common net for Q3, you get a number that's just under 1 million. We guided in the range of 0.6 million to 1.1 million. So I think that's generally what we see with the new gTLDs, some confusion in a very, very large number of them. We do know that a very large percentage of them, perhaps even a majority, are registered by speculators. There's a lot of speculator activity in them. So it's tough to say exactly what impact it will have on our business long term. I think the first renewal cycle will be very interesting. I think your observation about .net is an interesting question. I can't tell you exactly what the specific impact on .net is, but I would say that .net is probably more of a competitor in -- within the new gTLD community than .com, which is really sort of a well-known place where people register domain names for business. .net is as well, but I think it's probably sort of more seen in a category -- maybe even some people think of it as the new gTLD. But it does have 15.2 million registrations. It's growth has slowed a bit, but I can't tell you exactly what the various factors are for that. Maybe next quarter, we'll be able to tell you a little bit more. But that -- hopefully, that background was helpful.
D. James Bidzos: Just to add to that a bit, Gray, it's Jim. With respect to the second part of your question concerning IDNs, those IDNs that we've applied for when we get through contracting and get the delegation and actually make them available, by definition, are going to need to be marketed through registrars because they're going to be marketed in countries, of course, in the native language script. So we won't be working through domestic registrars here in the U.S., maybe their partners overseas. So clearly, we'll need to make some investment with the registrar together to prepare materials and develop marketing materials in the local native language script. One sort of interesting aspect of the IDNs that we've applied for is that they will not be subject to the same pricing restrictions that .com or.net, as a matter of fact, will be, because they'll be covered by the new Registry Agreement, and we will be allowed to price those with tremendous flexibility. The only restriction will be 6 months' notice on price changes. There won't be limits on what the price changes will be, and we'll be able to even price each of the 9 differently if we choose to. So we can price in factors that can address issues of particular marketing expenses, so we're developing those programs, but we are fortunate to have a tremendous amount of flexibility on how we market them and how we team with the registrars to work with them. So we're moving down that path. We're starting to work out those plans, but we're sort of focused on contracting with ICANN right now.
D. James Bidzos: We don't have that number with any accuracy. I'm not sure that we -- I mean, we may have -- I'm not sure how we reported that number you're referring to. It would be speculative, anyway. I mean, I can -- it's a very difficult number to arrive at. So I'll give you one very brief example of why you have to be very careful about those numbers. I own a couple of domains, very few, just a handful. I'm not a domain speculator by any means, but I do own a couple of domains that are not active. I don't do anything with them. And I've registered 1 with 1 registrar, and I've registered 2 with a different registrar. Registrar A has a policy that allows them to park my domain because it's not active and to post ads to that. And so anybody who's out there crawling the Web, trying to assess what that domain name is would very quickly conclude, based on its characteristics, that the owner is a domain speculator. And I am absolutely not a domain speculator. The other registrar that I have domains registered through has a policy that does not allow that. And so maybe you'll get a more accurate accounting for that one. So it's very, very difficult there. Lots of individuals who have purchased domains, their family name, as in my case, or other domains, that they just aren't doing anything with at this moment. And depending on who they're registered through, they very much look like they're owned by domain speculators. So if you do see any statistics like that, I think you have to be very, very careful about them. It's a very tricky thing to assess.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, thanks, Sterling. So with regard to taxes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect our cash tax rate to be well below the 28% tax rate that we used to calculate our non-GAAP EPS and non-GAAP net income. My comments really are an attempt to try to give you additional insight into some of the key drivers of that cash tax rate, the largest of which is the interest tax deduction we get from our convertible debenture. As mentioned, the deduction totaled $146 million in 2013. Now that $146 million includes the roughly $40 million of interest, the coupon interest of 3.25%. But that full amount is deductible and helps shield our U.S. tax rate. Now I gave comparative figures in the script of the year-over-year amount, so it was $137 million in 2012 deduction versus $146 million in 2013. And for the 6 months, it was about $73 million in 2013, and that grew to about $77.5 million for 2014. So this deduction continues to grow between about 6% to 7% per year, and that's really a big driver of our deduction with regard to domestic income. I also mentioned that as a result of the repatriation that we did, we were able to free up about $191 million of foreign tax credits. These tax credits will expire in -- by 2024, but we fully expect to be able to use these foreign tax credits to help offset domestic income over that period. So we really have a decent amount of domestic tax shield. And when you combine those tax attributes with our foreign tax structure, I think you'd see that we're relatively efficient from a tax perspective over the next several years.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, thanks for the question. We actually saw marketing expense increase quarter-over-quarter. We talked about that in Q1 that we felt we would see an acceleration, and we did. Marketing expense was about $22 million in the quarter. And we continue to have a desire to spend marketing dollars. We expect to put more dollars toward marketing. Having said that, as you've seen in this quarter and previous quarters, we actively manage our expenses. We're clearly looking at the other line items, and we're actually looking at a balance to drive profitable growth. So we're finding areas, opportunity in other areas, to help fund the marketing dollars that we're putting forth. But you should expect us to continue to have a desire to spend on the marketing front.
George E. Kilguss: You broke up a little there, at least on our end here, Gray. But I think the first part of the question was regards to where we spend our marketing dollars, and we spend it in a variety of different areas. Traditionally, at least this year, a lot of our programs have been looking to spend dollars with registrars in various markets to drive awareness of the brand, whether that be domestically or internationally. But the majority of our marketing programs, at least this year, have been with registrars. And we continually evaluate all the programs that we have in play, assessing the return on investment in. I think some of the programs have worked very, very well for us. Some of the programs, I think, we can tweak and do better on or redirect those funds. But a lot of these programs that we do, we just don't spend it on a dime from quarter-to-quarter. There's a lead time for a lot of these programs that we have to set up, sometimes almost a year in advance with the registrars to get these things laid out. So we can slow down some programs if we see a program that's not working that well or we think that we may have missed the mark and redirect it, but it takes a little while to get that back in the market directed at another program. And as far as -- I think your question was with IDNs. We're still assessing IDNs right now. We'll go through a budgeting process later this year, and I'll probably have a better sense as to what that program would look like once we go through that process.
