D. James Bidzos: Thanks, David, and good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter demonstrates a solid start to 2013 for VeriSign. We reported revenue of $236 million, which was 15% higher year-over-year and delivered strong financial performance, including $145 million in free cash flow. In Naming, we processed 8.8 million new gross registrations during the first quarter and added 1.99 million net new names, bringing the name base to a total of 123.1 million .com and .net names. Our balance sheet remains strong, with approximately $1.56 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. We continue to see benefits from our focus and discipline in the execution of our strategic framework. As you may have seen during April, we completed the issuance of a 10-year $750 million senior unsecured note with a 4.625% coupon. We're very pleased with the results of this issuance, which is part of our revised capital structure. In a few moments, George will discussed our capital structure in more detail. During the first quarter, we continued our share repurchase program by repurchasing 3 million shares for $132 million. As of March 31, 2013, we have approximately $844 million remaining in our share repurchase program, which has no expiration. We continually evaluate the overall cash and investing needs of the business and consider the best uses for our cash, including potential share repurchases. I'll comment now on first quarter operating highlights. In our Naming business, at the end of March, the total base of registered names in .com and .net was 123.1 million, with registered names in .com totaling 108.1 million names and in .net totaling 15 million names. This represents an increase of 5.5% year-over-year and a 1.6% quarter-over-quarter. In the first quarter, we added 1.99 million net names to the domain name base after processing 8.8 million new gross registrations. In the fourth quarter of 2012, the renewal rate was 72.9%, and the renewal rate for the whole of 2012 was 73.1%. While renewal rates are not totally measurable until 45 days after the end of the quarter, we believe that the renewal rate for the first quarter of 2013 will be approximately 73.3%. This rate compares to 73.9% achieved in the first quarter of 2012. The renewal rate is still below the level of the first quarter 1 year ago. We see the continuing effects of changes in search algorithms and macroeconomic headwinds we discussed during the last few quarterly earnings calls. We cannot be certain of how long the renewal rate will be impacted by these factors, but we are now experiencing the fourth quarter of these effects. In light of these factors, we expect the second quarter net names for .com and .net added to the base will be between 0.9 million and 1.3 million names. As noted in prior calls, updates to the zone are posted on our website at least once per day, allowing you to track how the zone is growing throughout the coming quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to George.
D. James Bidzos: Thank you, George. Before opening the call to your questions, I would like to remind you of our strategic framework and its 3 areas of focus. These are, first, to protect; second, to grow, which includes our innovation efforts; and third, to manage the business. During the first quarter, we continued our efforts in each of these areas. We believe that our discipline to deliver in these 3 areas, with the right balance, should continue to offer the security and stability that are at the core of our business and provide value to our customers, employees and shareholders. We will now take your questions. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
D. James Bidzos: Well, we're being -- looking -- I would say we're cautiously optimistic about what's happening, but we don't guide to renewal rates, of course. And first of all, I would say that we're still -- we're in the fourth quarter of the algorithm -- search algorithm changes. And so we're still uncertain exactly how that's going to play out. Those changes are ongoing and continuing. So I think we're not in a position to say that those changes have been absorbed or that they've ended, they continue. And secondly, as I mentioned, we still are feeling the effects of macroeconomic headwinds, particularly in Europe.
D. James Bidzos: I would just add -- this is Jim. I would just add as well that George talked in his remarks about our capital structure. Part of that obviously is debt leverage ratios. We have talked in the past often about the fact that the company did not have as much debt as it could have. Would it have as much as it absolutely could have? We said, "No, the number will be somewhere in between." I think now you've seen that. And clearly, as you saw from the announcement earlier, when we closed on the debt offering, it was under very attractive terms for the company. We see that as a permanent part of our capital structure under attractive terms. And we've been very clear about the stated purpose for that general corporate purposes, potential acquisitions and potential share repurchases, among other things. And I think our position on acquisitions, mergers and acquisitions, has been very clear and consistent. There's no change whatsoever on that. And as George mentioned, we don't guide on buybacks. But I think if you look at them, how we've dealt with our use of cash issues, which we determine from quarter-to-quarter, certainly, you can look back and see that share repurchase has, under these market conditions over the last couple of years, been an attractive way for us to return value to shareholders.
D. James Bidzos: Well, we don't guide to any of those, obviously. And we do evaluate our cash situation, our cash needs and our deployment of our cash on a quarterly basis. I think looking back, extraordinary dividends during the divestiture period when we did have divestiture proceeds, certainly, were one way that we deployed cash. Share buyback has been a more consistent method for us. But, again, obviously, we don't guide. So at this point, I'd say based on very dynamic conditions, in the last few quarters, over the course of 2012 and over the first quarter of 2013, clearly, you've seen that share repurchase has been our preferred method of cash deployment. That's based on current conditions. There's no change in our strategy, as I mentioned, with respect to M&A or other uses of cash, it's just determined every quarter.
D. James Bidzos: This is Jim. Just a little bit of additional color on some of the marketing expense. Some of that, a portion of it is tied to investment in marketing, some of the new TLDs that we've applied for. For example, the IDNs, which are actually first in the order of delegation in ICANN's program. And there have been -- there's been some small delay, some uncertainty in that program. Some of our marketing expense is tied to that. So not all of it is entirely within our control. But I think, yes, we expect to spend it during the year. So there's some variability there based on outside factors that are not entirely within our control.
D. James Bidzos: As George said, it incorporates all of our best forecasting tools, but there are 2 major components under which we have very little direct influence. One is certainly macroeconomic conditions and particularly in Europe. And additionally, search engine algorithmic changes, which, as George mentioned, were highly concentrated in 2012, do continue. We do expect another Penguin update in 2013. Google has signaled that clearly. But those are 2 major factors that are a component of our guidance. So those are 2 that we have no direct influence over, and they're all reflected. And that's in the 0.9 million to 1.3 million guidance number that we provided.
D. James Bidzos: I'm not sure we're in a position right now to give you more color. We're in a middle of a very active effort to inventory, assess and develop a strategy around our IP. I have mentioned in the past that our goal actually is not primarily to derive direct patent licensing royalty revenue from our IP but to use it in support of our business goals and our business planning. That certainly is unchanged, but that activity is well underway. And I hope we'll be able to tell you more shortly.
D. James Bidzos: I just want to give you a little more color on the TLD program. I think the ICANN just had their meeting a couple of weeks ago in Beijing. And there are couple of areas where the program is moving a little bit slower. There was a target date to make some major steps of April 23, a couple of days ago. That date has been delayed. In Beijing, there was a couple of major events. Number one is that advice was received from the government advisory council for ICANN, and I think that there's some issues that have to be addressed by applicants, which is probably going to take some time. That's been put out to public comment. And also, the process of contracting with registrars and registries in a new gTLD program is also a process that now involves public comment period for those contracts. So that's going to take some additional time as that process plays out. There was also a session in Beijing on security and stability. And -- but certainly, I commend ICANN for their commitment to make sure that all critical security and stability issues are addressed prior to delegation going forward. So I think there's a bit more work to do there. This is -- ICANN is getting operational. This is a major undertaking, a massive overhaul of global Internet infrastructure. So there have been delays in the past. It's probably not going to go perfectly smooth. I think at this point, we still expect the program to get off the ground this year but probably later in the year rather than earlier. And I don't think that we expect any significant revenue from our applications and our participation in the program this year. But Pat's here, he was in Beijing. If there's anything, Pat, you'd like to add.
D. James Bidzos: So I think George said it succinctly, there's -- I just wanted to give you a little bit more color, but there's no significant revenue that we anticipate in 2013. Although our applications, as you know, are IDNs, which should be early in the process. So as the program does get underway, once again, I think we're well-positioned to participate with our 14 applications, including our 12 IDNs. So we continue to work within the program, work with ICANN, monitor progress and look forward to the program launching at some point.
George E. Kilguss: Yes, Gregg, this is George Kilguss. Thanks for the question. In December of this year -- or in the fourth quarter, I should say, we actually changed our methodology of how we account for contra revenue. So contra revenue is a -- our marketing expenses we spend that are a deduct from revenue. We went to a GAAP convention, which recognizes that expense over the life of the customer contract that is entered into. So we had lower contra revenue in Q1. Going forward, the effects that we used to see from more of a seasonal factor in a Q1 from contra will not be as apparent, it will be more smooth as we're recognizing that expense over the contract life of the customer.
George E. Kilguss: So, again, the marketing team constantly evaluates programs in its effectiveness, and programs that we have in the pipeline based on market activities going on. The team, during the quarter, made a determination that it wanted to delay some programs. It didn't think that its effectiveness was going to reach its maximum potential and chose to delay that for a few quarters. Right now, we're expecting to see that. Still, in the third and fourth quarter of this year, the team is regrouping on some of those programs. And we'll get more of an update on that on our next quarter call, but right now, we're expecting to continue to spend that in this fiscal year.
George E. Kilguss: Yes. And Gregg, let me -- this is George. Let me give you a little bit more color on that. As we've previously discussed, our zone metrics have been impacted by both the poor economic conditions here and abroad, as well as changes to algorithms -- search algorithms. As it relates to Google, while they don't provide that much information as it relates to past or future changes to their algorithm, what we do know is, and as we previously discussed, they made 2 major algorithm changes called Panda and Penguin. But when you look at Panda -- Panda started in 2011, and since its inception, they started -- they made over 25 different updates to that particular algorithm change. Of the 25 updates, 14 of those updates happened in 2012. So 56% happened in 2012, and they've actually had 2 additional updates here in the first quarter. So those changes do continue to go on. As it relates to the Penguin change, as we discussed last year, the first time we saw a Penguin change came out was in the first quarter of 2012. And they had -- they made a total of 3 changes to their Penguin algorithm in 2012. Now we haven't seen any changes yet in 2013. I believe Matt Cutts from Google made some comments in a seminar that they believe they were going to make another change in 2013 to Penguin. But I guess my point here is that they may continue these changes to the algorithm. Some impact is more than others. We don't know the impact of the changes until after they make them. So we're constantly monitoring those. But they have made a significant amount of changes, especially in 2012, which have an effect in future periods for us. So we continue to monitor that. We take that information into the guidance that we provide you as 1 data input, but there are many changes that happened, at least, over the past year and the current quarter.
George E. Kilguss: So Gregg, great question. We have historically not guided to buybacks in any particular quarter. I think if you look at the company's track record, it's had a very consistent track record in the first quarter. We did $132 million of repurchases. As Jim mentioned, we always look at our strategic framework. We look at the cash flow from what do we need to invest in the business to protect the assets? What level of liquidity do we need to maintain on hand? What cash do we need to invest to generate positive IRR returns to propagate growth and innovation? And then to the extent that each quarter we feel we have cash that we deem as excess, we then make decisions on what cash we believe we should be returning to shareholders. So we don't guide, we haven't guided to that, but I think if you look at our track record, we've been relatively consistent in our results and returning capital to shareholders when appropriate.
George E. Kilguss: So contra is, I would say, for all intents and purposes, now going to be more consistent in each quarterly number. It was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter from fourth quarter to first quarter. First quarter 2012 had probably about $4 million more of contra depressing Q1 in 2012. But Q4 to Q1 were very consistent in the amounts.
George E. Kilguss: So as you can imagine, we've been evaluating the strategic alternatives related to our international tax and related liquidity. As you can appreciate, that work is very complex. It is ongoing. We had hoped to have had an update for you know, but as mentioned, that work continues. There are a number of complexities we have, a number of dependencies as well. And we'll give you an update as soon as we can, but it's ongoing. At the end of the day, as you might expect, we need to understand the full cost and risk of any potential changes to our structure before we consider any decision to potential changes. And it is just a very complex area. We do have some dependencies that we're looking at. And we'll provide you an update clearly on Q2 and Q3, if not before. But we think that work should be completed by year-end.
George E. Kilguss: So -- thank you. I understand now, the operating margin exit rate. So, again, our guidance for the full year is that we expect it to be at least 57% non-GAAP operating margin. We don't guide to a fourth quarter exit rate. We were higher in the first quarter because we did delay some of these marketing expenses. We do expect to spend those this year. So we have not changed our guidance or updated our guidance of at least 57% for 2012.
George E. Kilguss: Walter, we continue to look at our models, factor in many things we just talked about. Some of the continuing changes that are happening with the Google algorithm, we take that into consideration. Our best visibility for Q2 is the guidance we laid out in the call, 0.9 million to 1.3 million. That's what we're seeing today. Again, we do provide that visibility, as you know, daily. It's updated on our website every 12 hours. So you guys are seeing it in real time. But that's what we're seeing at least for the quarter. We talked about last quarter that our total zone growth, our guidance was based on a 4% to 6% total zone growth. That's still consistent with our view there. So we're looking at the total zone, 4% to 6%, that has not changed. But that's what we're seeing for Q2 is this range of 0.9 million to 1.3 million.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Dan. The renewal rate in Q1 was -- again, it's not final until 45 days after the end of the quarter, but our estimate is 73.3% for Q1. And the number of names up for renewal in the second quarter is 26.1 million names.
George E. Kilguss: We will spend -- the $5 million that we did not spend in Q1 from marketing, the intention of our marketing department today is to continue to spend that this year. So they have -- it's not in place of other programs. It's programs that, as Jim talked about, some of it is tied to the new gTLD program. So some of that is not in our control, but our -- we expect our marketing spend to accelerate a little bit as we have these new programs going on and as this $5 million has shifted out of Q1 into later quarters.
George E. Kilguss: Sure, Dan. So we -- I believe the headcount number was on our slide -- in our slide deck. Total headcount was 1,070 employees. We do not give a forecast for headcount. That headcount is slightly down from Q4 levels, which was about 1,096 for full-time employees. But 1,070 is the answer to your question.
George E. Kilguss: Jaimin, this is George Kilguss. Thanks for your question. Again, the guidance that we provided and -- for the quarter and the expectation for the zone, that is based on the most recent information we have. When -- clearly, when you look at historic net adds, you see that Q1 does tend to be a little stronger and then it does tend to flatten out. There are also changes year-to-year when you look at when certain holidays fall. Especially internationally, you can see that there are some Chinese holidays that happen in the first quarter that take those -- that market -- take those folks out of the market for a little bit and they tend to come back in. The Chinese New Year this year was delayed or was later than the previous year by several weeks. And so there's a number of factors that go into the model. Again, Q2, the 0.9 million to 1.3 million, that's what we're seeing today. But we still, at least, we sit here today, believe the zone will grow between 4% and 6%. As it relates to new gTLDs, that program looks like it's still in the works here, but we don't expect too much revenue in 2013 as a result of that program.
