Mark McLaughlin: Sure, Walter. It's Mark. I'll do that. Yes, as we said before in the renewal rates, we look at the mix of the first-time expiring names and previously renewed games. And what we've seen consistently over time is that the previously renewal -- renewed renewal rate is much higher than the first-time expiring names. That continues to be the case. And we've also have a continued shift of the base, moving into the direction of becoming previously renewed names. It's a big base of names. There's a lot of names here, so that shift takes time. But we're -- continued to see it gradually moving in that direction, and we're seeing the benefits now with renewal rate's approaching the 73%, 74% range.
Mark McLaughlin: Steve, happy to take that. Historically, in the last few years, we've seen the international side growing at a faster rate than domestic -- a much faster rate, usually by multiple percentage points. That has continued through -- actually, until last quarter, and we're seeing in this quarter a bit of a slowdown there, where that gap is closing, where the international grew at about 1 percentage point higher. And usually, we've seen multiple percentage point higher than that. So that's only one quarter where we're seeing this. I don't want to call anything based on just one quarter worth of data. I did look inside the international piece of it to look at various countries, and we still continue to see some countries growing at very, very healthy rates like China. It grew to about 21%. Yes, 21%. India's got 11%. EMEA as a group has 13%. There were a couple of laggards. Brazil was down about 10%. Australia was down about 5%. So there's still high growth ones in there. There's been some ones that have dropped off a bit in the last quarter. And when we've put that all through the wash, we've got international about 1 percentage point higher growth than domestic. But again, that's just one quarter here. And historically, we’ve see that at a higher rate.
Mark McLaughlin: Sure. What we're seeing there, Sterling, is I think is domestic is growing nicely, international continues to grow nicely as well for combined mix of 8.3 million new registrations on the new side, this quarter, which is great. As far as the strength behind us, coming off of a bad economy, that certainly has given us a big lift in the last 12 months to the name base and Internet. Online advertising spending is up very, very well in that same period. So on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I saw a staff the other day saying online advertising has reached its highest level of spend ever. So I think those are the drivers and will continue to see those drivers move forward. Seasonality-wise, the first quarter is very strong for us, the strongest quarter. We do see seasonality dropping into the second quarter and the third quarter traditionally and then kind of a flat uppish a little bit in the fourth quarter. So we expect that seasonality to continue.
Mark McLaughlin: So the increase in deferred revenue, contract length is average term life on the names is the same, it's about 1.17 years. And the deferred revenue is just a function of the new names that have been registered.
Mark McLaughlin: Todd, we're in the .net renewal process. I just want to make that clear. We're in the midst of the 30-day comment period that ICANN has for the negotiated terms between VeriSign and ICANN. We can expect that contract renewed by July 1. I think, the highest level -- the terms of the .net contract and the .com contract are almost identical. Really, only difference between the 2 is that for .com, in addition to negotiating -- in addition to getting renewed with ICANN, we have to seek Department of Commerce approval.
Mark McLaughlin: No. So the summary judgment is basically asking the court to dismiss the case or certain portions of the case for various reasons. And then separate from that, the court had dismissed claims already that they had in their third amended complaint. They gave them at lease to amend, so they amended for the fourth time.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, Shaul. This is Mark here. To the extent that we would feel the need to accelerate product road map sort of things or go-to-market things, then we would -- may turn to inorganic basis to do that. But as I’ve said in the past if we did it, it would be very adjacent to the things we're doing today and would be -- you use the term tuck-in, but that kind of size and for that sort of reason.
Mark McLaughlin: I think the answer to that is that on an annual basis, we looked at the revenue side, we've called out 11% to 14% revenue growth. So regardless to sort of the ups and downs of contra programs, that's what the at revenue basis looks like.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes. So I don't think that our stance in M&A has changed. Historically, when we discussed this topic, we said, if we were to look on an inorganic basis for things, it's for the reasons I have mentioned earlier, which would be more tactical than base strategic, ideas in nature. And just because of that, those things tend to be smaller. So I think we still have $1.4 billion in cash, and we're generating very healthy cash flow, and we got a great balance sheet. If we need to do something we could.
Mark McLaughlin: That's true. Kind of 2 separate things there. So we're happy that we won the contract for .gov. That's a new TLD for us to run, but it's not a new TLD. It's been out there for a while. Separate from that with the real new TLD that ICANN has introduced next year. It's really going to be a big difference in what those economic models look like starting first with are you the front end or the back-end? We, primarily, would consider ourselves back-end service providers as a registry as opposed to the front-end marketing engine of those things. But we do know that whatever the go-to market model looks like for that, there's a cost associated with the plan for those, which is about $185,000 registration fee per name.
Brian Robins: Walter, this is Brian. There wasn't anything large in there that changed the sequential growth quarter-over-quarter. We had -- our counter revenue program is a little larger this quarter than it was in first quarter 2010, and we're -- our revenue growth quarter-over-quarter was 12% year-over-year.
Brian Robins: This is Brian. We're doing a good job on that, better than expected. Everything has gone to pot plan. We should be done at the end of second quarter.
Brian Robins: Hey Sterling, this is Brian. We don't break down the 2 businesses. Last year, we said that the NIA business was roughly about $10 million to $15 million. For the most part, the end last year and to the beginning of this year, we're rebuilding the enterprise sales force. And so the team did a great job in the first quarter and exceeded their bookings target, and they're off to a good start.
Brian Robins: Kelly, this is Brian. As we mentioned before, and considering the use of cash, we wanted to return at least the proceeds from our Authentication Services sale. As far as the method of doing so, we decided to do this on both -- sort of a hybrid approach and bought back $200 million in the first quarter and also declared a special dividend. This had some advantages with being timely and tax-advantageous in a way to give proceeds back to their shareholders. We still have $1.4 billion of cash on balance sheet with the remaining share authorization of $1.2 billion, and so we feel like we have good flexibility and a strong balance sheet.
Brian Robins: So we've committed to returning value to shareholders. We've done what we've committed to. We'll evaluate that on a quarterly basis.
Brian Robins: This is Brian. So from a contra-revenue program, we do marketing campaigns with the registers, help stimulate growth. These are programs that we've done historically on the first quarter every quarter for the last several years. It's really based on the amount of names on the base. And so the program, this past quarter was approximately $1 million higher than first quarter 2010.
Brian Robins: The June quarter it varies based on programs that we rollout. The June quarter will be more than what last year, third quarter would be last, and then fourth quarter would be about the same. And so it just really varies based on the programs that the registers have. And we try to work collaboratively with the registers in putting these programs out.
Brian Robins: Yes, this is Brian. On the CapEx side, we increased it to the higher end of the range that we gave previously related to the move that we're making from the West Coast to the East Coast and the build-out of our new facility. We don't break down capital between growth initiatives and sort of maintenance and expansion. We have project Apal [ph], which is a multiyear project that we're putting capital into our network to handle the increase attacks and the increase capacity of query loads.
