Charles G. McClure: Thank you, Kevin. Let's now turn to Slide 18. As I referenced earlier on the call, today, we want to give you some insight into M2016, a detailed 3-year strategy that we believe will take Meritor to the next step in terms of the value it will provide for our shareholders, customers and employees. M2016 represents the next step of the journey for Meritor, moving us further down the path of achieving our vision to be the recognized leader in providing advanced drivetrain, mobility, braking and aftermarket solutions for the global commercial vehicle and industrial markets. Over the past several years, we've made significant progress to establish the foundation for greater financial performance. We divested our former light vehicle businesses so that we could focus in the areas of our expertise. We modified pricing for the value of our products and services, improved our global footprint, reduced our fixed cost structure and strengthened our execution. The hard work we've done over the past several years has put us in a position to deliver the level of performance our constituents expect from us, and quite frankly, we expect from ourselves. For shareholders, we believe this strategy will improve our profitability and cash flow, reduce debt and increase revenue. For customers, we'll design, develop and offer a broader, more advanced portfolio of innovative products and solutions with a focus on fuel efficiency, weight, performance and durability. Products like the 14X, 17X and 18X axles, the light commercial vehicle axle we've released in India, ELSA brakes, ProTec suspension for military vehicles and MTA trailer suspensions, are examples of the work we're doing in product development. We'll be even more alive in terms of quality and delivery and we'll provide the best cost for the value, while becoming even closer strategic partners with our customers around the world. This strategy also focuses on our employees. We recognize that a high-performing team is critical to the level of performance we want to achieve. M2016 emphasizes our intent to continue building a diverse workplace fueled by engaged and empowered people. M2016 has defined goals and objectives in the 4 key areas I noted in the beginning of the call. Specific goals related to executing the Meritor production system; optimizing our global footprint; advancing the Meritor value proposition; meeting and/or exceeding customers' expectations in terms of quality, delivery, innovation and customer service; driving net material performance and further improving inventory turns. Ultimately, we believe that focusing on these defined goals will position Meritor for 3 financial measures of success in the stated time frame. The first is achieving a 10% adjusted EBITDA margin. Execution of these goals, combined with the anticipated revenue of $4.5 billion in fiscal year 2016, should enable us to achieve this margin objective for the full fiscal year of 2016. The second measure of success is a reduction to net debt, including retirement benefit liabilities by $400 million to less than $1.5 billion. Since the end of fiscal year 2009, we've reduced this debt metric by approximately $200 million, and we intend to continue that trend. And the third is incremental booked revenue of $500 million per year at run rate, which represents significant organic growth. We expect about half of this to occur by the end of fiscal year 2016. We'll accomplish this through new defense programs, introduction of new axles, continued investment in air disc brakes, aftermarket growth, expansion of emerging markets and growing our customer base. We'll also grow by commercializing technology projects that bolster our market-leading position in axles, brakes and related drivetrain products. We'll leverage focused R&D, strong customer relationships, leading market positions and strong brand recognition with new products and new customers to grow organically. The foundation exists to unleash the value of Meritor, and that is where M2016 comes in. We'll update you on our progress toward each of these 3 financial measures of success on a regular basis. Now we'll take your questions.
Charles G. McClure: Sure. Brian, this is Chip, and first of all, good morning. And yes, we're certainly pleased with yesterday's announcement. And at this point, it's been remanded back to the courts for a damages trial. A damages trial has been scheduled for the September time period, so we do expect it will be sent back there for that review in that time period. So that's really kind of the time frame that we see for it going forward.
Charles G. McClure: Brian, this is Chip to start. And obviously, we had announced a couple of years ago the breakthrough strategy. We've made significant investment and continue to grow our brakes. So let me start by saying, clearly, when you look at it, brakes is an important part of our business going forward. So strategically, we want to continue to invest in that, whether it's disc brakes or drum brakes. And as you know, we have that kind of coverage in a number of different markets around the world, where some require disc and some do require drum. So that is strategic, and we'll continue to look to grow that in the future and we'll continue to invest in it.
Charles G. McClure: Yes. There's no question when you look at it, whether it's there in Europe or in other parts of the world, as you look at these braking requirements, there's no question we've got to continue to invest in that and innovation. So if I -- the answer to your question is yes. And if I look at the ones with the reduced stopping distance here in the U.S. last year, we were able to demonstrate the ability to be able to do that with our brake configuration. So yes, I do see that as an opportunity in the future as we continue to invest in, in brakes and as there continue to be the stricter and stricter requirements. Not just in the markets here in North America and Europe, but really around world, I think, positions us well for that in the future. And that's why we'll continue to invest in it.
Charles G. McClure: Patrick, this is Chip. There's no question that was part of it. If you look at it -- and first of all, Brazil is an important market for us in the future. I'll also tell you that Randon is an important partner. We still have a very strong joint venture with them and Masters on the brake side. But as we looked at this, yes, some of it was driven by the ability to generate some cash to deleverage the balance sheet. But in the other case, really, when you look at this business, it was a lot of different suspension components and was not as strategic for us. And obviously, in our case, is a minority joint venture, we kind of looked at it that way. So I would say it was driven partially by the ability to deleverage the balance sheet but secondly, also as we just looked at it, it was not as strategic as either our other joint venture there in Brazil with the Randons or just our commitment to that market in general.
Charles G. McClure: Well, there's no question. As you look at that, first of all, part of consolidation was on the on-highway side. But also to address your question, the off-highway side, which is a construction side, there is a couple of dynamics going on, both on the plus side and the negative side. There's new leadership in place right now, and there are some infrastructure programs being put in place as they continue to expand further westward in China. So as you look at it long term, you still look at that as good potential that way. But as we kind of look at China for ourselves, it really is a 2014 and beyond story because the other side of it, on the off-highway side -- and then I'll get back to the consolidation in a moment, is the fact that there's a great deal of finished goods inventory in the pipeline. So as we kind of indicated at the last call and are reindicating today, as we look at our fiscal 2013, although we do expect that there will be some uptick with the market there in China, I don't believe it's robust as it was a couple years ago, to your point, Robert, but still picking up. As we look at the dynamics for us for the next 6 to 9 months just because of the finished goods inventory, our customers' finished goods inventory in the pipeline, I think you've got to kind of bleed that down before you see a material impact that way. On the on-highway side, really, what we're looking to do is to kind of take that opportunity to kind of better rationalize our manufacturing footprint. We've had a very strong joint venture with XCMG for the better part of 20 years in China. So it allows us to further strengthen that joint venture partnership and our footprint there, which is really what was driving kind of the move from Wuxi to Xuzhou.
Charles G. McClure: Yes. This is Chip again. If you look at it -- if I start here in North America, we are starting to see, obviously, some continued pickup into kind of what I'll call this quarter and into next quarter. I think a number of the OEMs have kind of indicated that and we are starting to see that starting to move up and we're obviously preparing accordingly. When you look in Europe, as we've kind of indicated, it kind of bottomed out, but we are seeing some pickup there. And now that one may be tied a bit to the pre-buy for the Euro 6 emissions, which is taking place, what we kind of see the second half of this year. When I go to South America, very strong production numbers there. And we've kind of indicated that for the last quarter or 2. And again, they had a very strong harvest there. I think the FINAME activities the government is doing is working. So those are kind of a couple of the short-term catalysts. Longer term, there is a growing middle-class in South America and obviously, discovery of oil and natural gas, I think, helps that. So of all the markets, clearly, we're seeing the strongest rebound there in South America. On the flip side, India as we kind of indicated, until the new parliament's in place, I think there's a real concern about how that's going to go. And we've seen a significant down step there. And in addition, in India, the mining industry is essentially flat. So that's kind of it, plus what I've said on China before.
Charles G. McClure: Well, if you look at some of that, you've got -- you still have the shutdowns in the fourth -- our fourth fiscal quarter, which is the third calendar quarter in Europe. So we're still expecting that. So I think you'll still see some seasonality there. So it's kind of bridging from the third, fourth and into the first quarter of next year, you'll see that. But I think it's still safe to say that we'll still be -- some of that seasonality is represented by -- probably the best example is summer shutdowns in Europe.
Charles G. McClure: Well, as I look at it, the Eaton settlement is truly separate. And that's still -- as I said, we're pleased with the progress that has been made, but that's got to go through the courts on damages. So I view those as kind of 2 independent actions or transactions or items at this point. So no, we did not tie the 2 together and just felt this was the time to do this with Suspensys, so it's very much independent of anything on Eaton.
Charles G. McClure: Well, Colin, this is Chip. And my comment on those things is never say never. But at this point, we don't have any of this, but we continue to evaluate all of the business kind of on a regular basis, which is just kind of our normal process at this -- as we look at that. So at this point, no. But I -- hopefully, we've demonstrated over the last few years that if it does make best sense for our shareholders, we're certainly willing to do that. And we continue to evaluate all our businesses throughout the process.
Charles G. McClure: David, this is Chip. One of the things I'd kind of characterize it, it probably will be lumpy based on when the businesses are awarded. So as we kind of look at that, we'll clearly kind of, as they become known, we'll let you know. But I would characterize them as being lumpy.
Charles G. McClure: Ryan, this is Chip. And first of all, I think it's far too premature for us to even kind of speculate on that. I think it needs to go back to the courts for the damages trial before we have any kind of discussion on that. I think the important message though, as we've kind of looked out on all of this, including the M2016 program, we're not counting on that as part of our commitment going forward. So that, as I said before, is independent of anything else that we're doing. But for me to really comment on it, I think, it really is too premature and probably can't do that at this point.
Charles G. McClure: Kirk, this is Chip. And actually it has not. In kind of, I think, one the charts we had in there, we do still expect a 30% reduction year-over-year from '12 to '13, and do expect it to wind down in 2014. I think the only thing that's changed in the cadence is I think -- and again, our customer, this is Oshkosh, has kind of indicated that they spread it out throughout 2014. So it'll probably go longer during -- throughout our fiscal year 2014. But our expectation is at the end of fiscal 2014, the program ends. So no real change in what we've projected for cadence in 2013, but 2013 does reflect a 30% step down. And in 2014, the only difference is the fact that it has been spread out over more months and throughout our fiscal year 2014.
Charles G. McClure: Kirk, this is Chip again. And the answer is no. And obviously, we're pleased with yesterday's announcement that the Supreme Court denied Eaton's appeal and it has now been remanded back to the lower court for damages. So the liability side has been completed. And really, it's just the damages side and as I say, it has been remanded back to Delaware district court for this September. Now beyond that, I really can't put a time frame on that because, obviously, it's been going on for several years. But at this point, I think the important thing is it has been targeted to go back for district court in September. But beyond that, really can't comment on any kind of time line beyond that.
Kevin Nowlan: Brian, it's Kevin Nowlan. Because it's an investment, it's actually not a business, it doesn't get put into discontinued operations. So it's simply once we no longer own the business, we'll stop recording the income through EBITDA.
Kevin Nowlan: Brett, it's Kevin Nowlan. At Analyst Day, what we were signaling is that in the second quarter, we expected to see margin expansion over -- relative to the first quarter despite having flat revenue. And we thought it was going to be driven by the structural cost reductions and the aftermarket pricing actions, among other things, and that's effectively what happened. So as we thought about what we expected for Q2 and how that relates to the full year guidance, we think it's right in line with what we were expecting.
Kevin Nowlan: It does. And keep in mind on an after-tax basis and after fees, we expect to ultimately generate about $160 million dollars in proceeds. But yes, the $400 million reduction would include the benefit of those proceeds coming in.
Kevin Nowlan: Itay, it's Kevin Nowlan. The pension contributions are absolutely an important part of the debt reduction strategy. As we look at it, right now, the way our contributions and our P&L is working, we have virtually no pension expense, but we're making pension contributions north of $70 million a year. Last year it was $100 million. So as we go forward and we have expectations of pension contributions to be in that $70 million to $75 million range, without an expectation of pension expense going forward, we would expect to see that simply be a reduction to our liabilities. Now of course, that's -- discount rates can come into play, asset returns can ultimately come in play. Our expectation is that we're not going to get help or get hurt by those movements in those rates, but those could have an impact one way or the other. Related to that, I would mention on OPEB, OPEB has a little bit of a similar phenomenon where we make cash payments of about $40 million to $45 million per year. But the OPEB expense that actually flows through the liability is maybe only a much smaller amount. So we're getting some deleveraging effect from our OPEB payments as well. So the combination of pension and OPEB, we expect to be a significant contributor to the $400 million debt reduction.
Kevin Nowlan: You could see the structural cost reductions, that the impact going from Q1 to Q2 was about $4 million of help. And for the rest of the year or for the full year, we're expecting that to benefit us to the tune of about $18 million. And then next year when we're at full run rate on those restructuring actions related to the structural cost reductions, we expect that to contribute about $37 million on a full run-rate basis starting next year.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay. This is Kevin again. The -- as you look at Slide 12, we believe the only one-timers, really, on the page are in that other net line, which is the negative $4 million. We booked some additional inventory reserves in the quarter that we don't expect to recur as we go forward. But the other items we all view as recurring and part of the baseline as we go forward.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay. I mean, I think, as you think about the 7% that we're guiding to for the full year, I think you can see the flight path coming off of this second quarter. Where if you adjust for that, the non-recurring inventory reserve that we just mentioned, and then you look at the expectation of revenue growth in the back half of the year, which based on our $3.8 billion of guidance would suggest, on average, a $100 million increase a quarter for the next 2 quarters, you just do normal contribution margin on that combined with the adjustment for the one-timer here. I think you can see the flight path as to how we get to the 7% margin.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay. This is Kevin Nowlan. The $7 million you referred to from last year was what showed up in our Aftermarket & Trailer business. There's also a piece of our ownership stake. The other half of our ownership stake was through our Master joint venture, which actually flows up through our Commercial Truck & Industrial segment. So you should think about that Aftermarket figure of $7 million representing about half of the affiliate income from Suspensys. And there's another half embedded within the Commercial Truck & Industrial business through the Master's affiliate income.
Kevin Nowlan: I think you can get a sense on Slide 15 when we talk about the impact in Q4. We said it's going to have about a 10 basis point impact on full year '13. So if you think 1 quarter worth of income or thereabout, or affiliate income is being lost on a denominator of $3.8 billion, it would point you into the zip code of about $4 million of affiliate income in the fourth quarter. So I think that gives you the dimensions, kind of the size of what we are thinking for this year, at least for the fourth quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, so the $500 million represents the incremental business that we expect to secure to win between now and the end of 2016. That won't all flow through our income statement by 2016, so some of the run rate occurs after 2016. Our expectation is that about half of that $0.5 billion of new business wins will occur within the 2016 time frame, and the other half will occur afterwards. And then as you think about the guidance that we gave at Analyst Day, the $4.5 billion in revenue, that contemplates that business is being an offset to some of the military business losses that we were expecting over the same time frame.
Kevin Nowlan: That's an annual run rate of incremental revenue, correct. Some of which -- that we will secure between now and the end of '16 but that will hit our P&L, some of it about half of it before '16 is out, and some of it after '16.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not giving any guidance as to how that -- the cadence of that $0.5 billion or the half of that amount over the next few years. But you should expect to see us talk about the wins as they occur, and then on an annual basis scorecard ourselves against that objective.
Kevin Nowlan: It's effectively gross. Think about it as gross. So if we did have business running off, we're not taking that as a deduct. That said, we're not expecting any meaningful losses as we look out over our guidance period.
Kevin Nowlan: Correct. We're not counting the renewal business. We are counting true new product or new customer wins or significant market share expansion via new established relationships with a customer. But not simply replacement business because the contract expired and we rolled it over. We wouldn't be including that.
Kevin Nowlan: The target that we're establishing is that we'll achieve at least $400 million in debt reduction. So I think -- what I think I heard you just suggest was that maybe there's -- the math you're doing suggests something more than that. I didn't follow your question maybe.
Kevin Nowlan: If you add just those 3 items, I think that's right. And so that's why we are driving toward that and making sure that we achieve that target. That's our objective.
Kevin Nowlan: I'd say the $1.5 billion represents what we expect the net debt balance including the retirement liabilities to be, after the $400 million reduction. So if you look at where we were at the end of 2012, we were at about $1.9 billion if you add our debt, our pension liabilities and OPEB liabilities and subtract cash, it's $1.9 billion. So the $400 million takes us to below $1.5 billion.
Kevin Nowlan: I don't think we're giving any additional guidance on that, beyond what we've said on the chart. But I think those are some of the key elements of the debt reduction that we're talking about, are some of the things that you've highlighted.
Kevin Nowlan: I would agree with that, Ryan. This is Kevin. I think, we continue to expect as we generate new business that you can assume we would generate incremental contribution on those sales of about 15% to 20%.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think, as you think about that $8 million number, revenue was up $17 million in the quarter. So you can think that our typical contribution being 15% to 20% is probably a good gauge as to what the volume impact was in the quarter and mix and pricing making up the rest of it.
Kevin Nowlan: I think we're still expecting to be in $65 million to $75 million. I think sometimes CapEx, some of the projects tend to be lumpier and sometimes that CapEx doesn't hit in a particular quarter or materializes all in one quarter. So I wouldn't read too much into that versus our guidance, or are we pulling back from the guidance or constraining capital. We continue to expect that we're going to invest at those levels for the full fiscal year.
Kevin Nowlan: This is Kevin. I can speak to that. It's embedded within our volume mix and pricing. Again, we're not breaking that out in terms of how much was pricing versus mix. You can get a sense by looking at our normal contribution and estimate how much of that $8 million was volume. So you can just assume pricing was an element of that, but we're not disclosing any more detail. In terms of how it was received, I think the market has been conditioned to accept these price increases on an annual basis in the aftermarket business, and we expect that to continue to be receptive to those increases going forward.
Kevin Nowlan: I think we'll -- I mean, we're funding the contributions currently as we're required to. But as we think about deleveraging over the next few years consistent with the goal that we've established to reduce our liabilities by $400 million, we'll assess where the best use of the cash would be, whether that's paying down debt or funding our pension plans. We'll assess those things as we come into the cash.
