James Hopkins: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins' results for the third quarter of 2019. Participating with me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith; President and Chief Operating Officer, Tony Satterthwaite; and retiring Chief Operating Officer, Rich Freeland. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release, with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation, are available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. With that out of the way, we'll begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
James Hopkins: Great. Thank you, Tom. Out of considerations to everybody on the call to ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up, and if you have any additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that operator, we're ready for questions.
James Hopkins: Yes. Hey, Ross, this is James. So there's a couple of little things go on from the third to the fourth quarter, so most of the markets are relatively stable as we go from Q3 to Q4. China gets a little bit better than some of the on highway markets, like commercial vehicles starts popping up just a little bit as well. And so you've got a couple of positive things going in the right direction there. But it's a relatively modest on both from Q3 to Q4 in the grand scheme of things.
James Hopkins: Yes. Let's start with China. So clearly in China, the construction guys overbuilt, in the second half of 2018 thinking they're going to have a great 2019. They overbuilt and they're clearly behind the curve, right. You saw that – you heard the numbers, like the markets up and we're down a pile and that's just because they're just selling dealer inventory and their own manufactured inventory, so that that's for sure. It won't take very many quarters before they're caught up, but they're in not at that stronger market, so it's stronger than we thought it would be today, but it's not so strong. So we're hopeful they'll catch up in a few quarters. But again, it just really depends on end markets. I think truck markets a little bit better than we thought. I think people are pretty much caught up. Nobody's really far ahead. The only thing as you heard was there some prebuy done, which means they'll have some inventory, but it's mostly in gas. It's pretty small markets I'd say. China, we got the construction markets to catch up and they're behind and the truck market's kind of on. In India, it's just – we just got the rug pulled out. The whole finance thing means it's all underwrite. There's nobody carrying a bunch of inventory or anything. There are some, but that's not the big problem. The big problem is the demands all completely flatness back. So there's really, I mean who's behind the head is kind of the side story. In Europe by the way is straight on. So Europe has got no big challenges in inventory a little bit here and there, but generally speaking, Europe has kind of moved from pretty good, okay, they're not – it's not a disaster. It's just, okay. And I see pretty quickly everybody's adjusting hourly rates in Europe. I was just talking to a bunch of the OEMs they're all adjusting down. Everybody's making the adjustments. There'll be down to the right numbers in a quarter or two. So I'd say that's right. On the mining side, they adjusted super quickly. I mean, in my opinion too quickly maybe, but mining is not a disaster or anything. It just rose up and it kind of leveled out pretty quickly and they're not overbuying and for obvious reasons they already did and it's bad. So mining is one where I don't think we have a lot of – they're on plan. In fact, maybe keeping costs lower than they would have in the past segments. And then Latin America, I guess broadly speaking, things aren't very strong. We thought Brazil would be better than it is. And the big issue has been export markets. The domestic demand is about where we thought, it's up a few percent in GDP. I mean, and then underlying demands up. But the export market, because Argentina is a big wreck. And frankly all around, Latin America what you're having is used to be Brazil was the problem. Now you got every other economy is a problem. And so there is a little inventory there, but the numbers have been so low that it's nothing to worry about. So I guess the only place I'm really worried about is China construction with regard to inventory and we're already reporting those numbers thereof. And in North America, Tony talked about this, but there'll be a couple of quarters where our market share will fall while they use their own engines and get all those, get their truck production down and get everything leveled out. But then it will be right back to normal.
Thomas Linebarger: Mark, with all the challenges we have in fuel cells and electrification, I did not expect to be flooded by a phone. There you have it. Just to conclude our prepared remarks. As you will remember, we announced on April 29 and then discussed in our first and second quarter earning calls that we are initiated an internal review of our emission certification and compliance processes for our pickup truck applications as a result of conversations with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board. Our review continues and we are proactively working with EPA and CARB as well as with the Department of Justice and SEC to address their questions and information requests. During conversations with regulators, they raise concerns that certain aspect of our emission system on the model year 2019 Ram engine may reduce the effectiveness of our emission control systems and thereby act as defeat devices. Based on these discussions, we've developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 Ram 2,500 and 3,500 trucks that has been included on all engines shipped since September. During our discussions, the agencies have asked us to look at other model years and other engines that the primary focus of our review has been the model year 2019 Ram. Consistent with the values and the history of our Company, which include a strong commitment to compliance, we will work with regulators and other agencies to address the issues identified in our internal review and develop future technologies that will advance our industry. We are already making changes to our process and organization structure as a result of our review. However, it's too soon to know what the response of our regulators or agencies will be to our review or to determine any potential financial consequences. Now let me turn it back to James for Q&A.
Thomas Linebarger: And I guess, Jerry, just to talk about decremental margins because we will get into the framework. But as you expect, the decremental margins in the fourth quarter are not where we want them to be. And that's just reflects the typical situation when the market starts falling quickly and we're still spending money on future investments. It doesn't work out in quarter one. And so that's one of the reasons Tony is really focused – he and his staff on how to take actions right away, so that we're – as we go into 2020, we bring those decrementals around to what our goals are and you know those as well. So we will be – as Mark said, we will be showing you the targets we have for the core business, why we're confident that we can hit them and then what are some of the other things in and around that, what are some of our new investments, et cetera, that we’re having to stretch to meet, how that all going to fit together. But needless to say, Q4 is not representing what our goal for our decremental margins is going to be. And that's just because the market is falling fast now and we're still doing the actions that were taken. So it's sort of hard to read core decremental margins from the quarter where all the revenues fall off.
Thomas Linebarger: Yes. I think it's – from a strategic point of view, we still think the light-duty diesel business is a good business for Cummins. And as you said, we are talking to Isuzu about how to cooperate fully across that market. It's a market that requires relatively high volume and scale to be successful. And so that's one of the reasons that we think the opportunities between Cummins and Isuzu are significant. I think one of the things that we recognized with the Nissan-related business, the ISV, is we just didn't reach the scale we needed to reach. And that was a function of the customers and the segments that we’re after. The scale wasn't there. But the scale across the light-duty segment for Cummins is significant. As you know, we have very large scale across our 3.8, 2.8, 4.5 and 6, 6.7-liter engines. We have a global scale, which is unmatched in the industry and that’s of course helping us get good profits, good returns off that engine. And we do expect by the way, electrification in the lower power segments to go faster and that in the higher power segments. Having said that, we think the transition is going to be relatively slow and we think the opportunity to consolidate and earn returns over many, many years to come is there for Cummins and ideally there for the Cummins, Isuzu partnership. So we are investing there and trying to see what we can do to consolidate in the industry in the light-duty segment. It’s just that, with the one – the ISV, we’re after a certain segment in the U.S., it just didn't appear to offer scale for the engine.
Thomas Linebarger: Great, Jamie. So let me let Tony to talk a little bit about what's happening in North America. And I think it's applicable in some other markets, too, about inventory and inventory corrections.
Thomas Linebarger: And we do expect market share – our market share to be impacted Jamie to some degree in the fourth quarter as well. I mean it happens every downturn. What happens is that the OEMs basically keep building to fill orders and they slowdown shipments of our engines and they use up their engines more than our engines. We see it, that market share move just as we see it move our way when things start to get busy or in fall. These quarter-to-quarter variations smooth out pretty quickly and we still expect to be in our normal range 32% to 34% or there thereabouts. But in the short-term, we expect we'll see some short-term market share numbers, which are lower just because – this is just what happens every time. So we expect it at this time too. I think with regard to your question about conversations with OEMs. There is no question that every OEM I talked to is wondering where they want to put their investments. Their decisions are still in front of them for many of them, but they are wondering because they're looking at autonomous vehicle investments. They're looking at, of course, a whole new set of truck ranges, very competitive markets. They're looking at where they want to go internationally and what that takes and what joint ventures and partnerships and they want to do. They're thinking about telematics and other information technology investments. They're thinking about electrification, fuel cells, other CO2 related investments, especially for the European truck makers of CO2 regs are really, really tough. So they just look staring down the barrel of a set of investments that look 2x or 3x their average R&D spend and asking themselves what they want to do. They're mostly making money selling diesel engines today. So the difficulty is, do I keep selling and investing the things that I'm making money today or do I prepare myself for the future where money is going to be made tomorrow? Those are hard set of discussions and we are in discussions with them all the time trying to demonstrate to them that we can help partner with them, take some of those diesel investments off the table. We also of course have electrified powertrains and now fuel cell powertrains to offer them to. But all of this is to say we can take some of those investments and still partner with you, so you can do the rest and succeed in competition. And those conversations are hot and happening all the time. Where they'll come out? We'll see. But there's no question, you can hear in my voice that I think it's an opportunity for us to expand our relationships with OEMs and increase our opportunities to sell more of both traditional powertrains and alternative powertrains.
Thomas Linebarger: And part of that Tony is due to the growing population of Cummins engine out in the field and in a number of end markets, that means we've got to build in pipeline of aftermarket opportunity over time.
Thomas Linebarger: Yes. And by the way, we believe that with OEMs like our customers, them doing well in parts is not a detriment to comments because remember there's a whole group of parts players, secondhand parts players and rebuild parts builders and even people that are bringing in different makes of parts. And so what we are wanting to do is make sure our end customers get real quality parts and they get a good service experience. And if they do that Cummins and our customers grow their market share and we earn good parts revenue. So we earn good parts of margin selling through our OEM channels just as we do sell in through our own channel. So from our point of view, just gaining share in the market through our customers and through us all looks like a win to us in terms of both revenue growth and profit growth. So for us, them – our customers gaining share is not a bad thing, but a good thing.
Thomas Linebarger: Joel, I'd love to throw that one to Tony, but probably isn't very yet. I'll give them a quarter or two. But no, you hit it on the head. I mean we're not where we want to be on the power gen business. The good news, of course, overwhelmingly been data centers. The data center business has continued to grow. We keep expecting it maybe to be built out, but it just turns out not to be. We're continuing to see more data center business. And of course, we've now got the Asian section of data center business also growing, which is, which gives kind of a second kick to the data center business. The basic standby business has not been good for some time. It's not that there isn't any, there is. It's a big business and it doesn't – it's a lot of business for our distribution system, but it hasn't been growing. It hasn't really recovered in any significant way. And we saw a little bit of recovery earlier this year and thought, well finally, and then it kind of tailed off. And then of course we had – we've had a couple of really bad areas like the Middle East has been really bad for a while, but I've just kind of pulled the life out of whatever growth we did see. So we're not exactly sure what that means about the market. We have a lot of market data about it and trying to understand what the future trend is. I mean, we understand what the past is really well, what the future trend looks like. It's hard to see, but it looks like, broadly speaking that energy demand while still increasing is increasing at a rate that's slower than energy capacity build. And that's mostly because while there's been growth since the downturn in 2008 and 2009, its growth has been relatively modest and infrastructure has kept up as compared to the high growth we saw especially in developing countries in the decade before. That said, we got a lot more work to do. It's still a profitable business for us and good returns, especially when you consider the fact we've got a distribution part to it, plus we've got all the industrial business engines that come from it, but we want it to be more profitable and we're disappointed with where we are. There's just nothing else to say about that.
Thomas Linebarger: And maybe just a little historical protective, Joel because it's always hard when you're here at the floor to figure out when does it all get right. But historically, you'd say what – I mean, you'd say in four quarters the market will be back. Again, there maybe something unique about this, but it isn't obvious that there is something unique. So we'd expect by the end of the year that we would indeed have absorbed whatever there is. There's one other trend underlying. You've probably seen this, but people like the new engines and trucks, they're seeing much better performance reliability out of new engines and trucks. So I think anything that's older than 2017 you're going to see no matter how, whatever we are in the cycle, people are going to want to switch out those trucks and engines just because they're getting such lower operating costs out of the newer engines and trucks. That'll be a little bit of a boost, I think as we start to get out to the back half of the year.
Thomas Linebarger: Demand is picking up a little. Again, it's in a weak set of markets. It's just that it started, came off the bottom basically.
Tony Satterthwaite: Yes. I would just add – thanks, Tom. Joe, I would just add, we are definitely seeing – freight growth has slowed. We are seeing orders slow and production has got to come down to meet – to match the backlog and meet those orders. And so we are seeing things slow. I agree with Tom. The surprise has been how quickly things have gone bad internationally and that was probably not expected at the beginning of the year. I do believe in North America it is a cyclical downturn. I don't quite know what you mean by anything else other than that, but that's basically what we're seeing. Construction has also slowed down in the U.S., as Tom mentioned in his remarks, which I think is another sign that perhaps it is a broader slowdown than just freight and truck markets. But we've been seeing this coming all year and it’s here.
Tony Satterthwaite: Yes. I would just add. We’ve been ready for this all year. We are committed to flexing our costs down with demand. We're committed to managing the cycle. We've been tight on discretionary spending and hiring all year and we actually really started to take things out in the third quarter. We've been analyzing underperforming businesses and as Mark said, we decided to close one in the third quarter, we've launched a voluntary retirement program here in the U.S., and so these are all actions we're taking, the majority of which will bear fruit in 2020, but we are moving now to take out cost as demand drops. 
Tony Satterthwaite: Hi, Jamie. This is Tony. We have OEM supply chain where we don't hold a lot of inventory for our OEM customers. We pretty much deliver to their schedule. As they adjust their schedules, they move their inventory around a bit or just their production flow. And we think that's part of the challenge we're seeing in the market today. Those adjustments are making it difficult to kind of pin down exactly what our numbers are going to be versus the market. But we are seeing a little bit of that. I would say none of our OEM customers have significant engine inventory, but there is inventory of trucks in the fields that we see peaked here at the end of September. And so that's just another signal I think that we're going to see demand coming down. The vast majority of the revenue drop into the fourth quarter is from the North American truck side though rather than all the other markets. They are down bit, but it's really North America that's down the most.
Tony Satterthwaite: Yes. Ross, this is Tony. We expect distribution and our aftermarket business to mostly move sideways in a downturn. It's not perfect, but it does not go through the same cyclical ups and downs as our first-fit business. And we've been growing the aftermarket significantly over the last couple of years. We're seeing a little – as Tom and Mark said, a little slowdown this year, a little moderation of the growth, but we have strong confidence in the aftermarket, both distribution and the parts businesses are going to look really – perform really well on the downturn.
Tony Satterthwaite: That's a tough question. I probably was better prepared to answer the power gen, and this was given I ran that business quite a few years. That's a great question. And I don't think I have a good answer to be honest. I don't really have a strong view of that yet. So maybe in a very unfair thing, I'll see if Rich wants to have a shot.
Mark Smith: I guess the other thing I'd add to that, Joe, really, in North America, the pickup truck market is the only one that's been holding out steady and strong through the year.
Mark Smith: I think you should think about the actions that we're taking is really setting up 2020. The biggest impact will be 2020, by the time we fully executed those actions. And again, we'll give a framework for 2020 at our Analyst Day. We're not going to give specific guidance today, Joe, but our guidance is the results without the cost of those actions. We will call out the customer benefits at the appropriate point in time. What's really driving our margins from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, which I think is underlying your question. Number one, it's the significant decline in revenues. That's by far the biggest single impact. Number two, whilst we haven't changed our full-year outlook for warranty or product coverage as a percent of sales is a little bit lower than trend rate in Q3, they’re a little bit higher than the Q3 run rate and Q4 are unchanged for the year. And then the third factor is really that our variable compensation plan is working as designed. So our outlook is lower than our projected payouts, short-term compensation is going down through the third quarter and will move back to more of a normal run rate in the fourth quarter. And really those are the three main factors. So the key now is really talking about the cost reduction initiatives going forward. And again, we'll provide a framework. Tony will add some comments right now.
Mark Smith: Well, we're going to give that core margin kind of framework Jerry in a couple of weeks when we're reviewing with all your peers in New York, so I'll defer that piece. But other than to say that the guidance really does not anticipate. There will be some cost in the fourth quarter associated with further cost reduction activities that Tony has talked about, but most of those benefits and even the benefits of exiting production and some of the products we've exited here, they're going to flow into next year. So we're incurring cost now, but actually even if we ignore the costs we're going to have a year-over-year improvement for those. But again, we'll come back and kind of bundle the overall picture together for you going forward. But as Tony said, we're committed to managing costs, managing well through the down cycle.
Mark Smith: The credit availability issue is really in India. And just to kind of maybe provide a little more background, the credit market is supplied by non-bank credit institutions. Sometimes – in the country, they call it the shadow banking system, but it's these private credit institutions. And they had a couple of bankruptcies in there, in that segment and the market is largely closed, and to the extent it's opened up, prices are very high. So that's what's going up on India. So we do expect it to find its way through as things do in India. We do expect that to mitigate. We just don't think it's mitigating really fast. It's going to take some time because the financial problem, financial crisis not an economic one. So it is a significant issue in the country and there are other economic challenges in India. So we do expect that things are definitely worse than we expected at this time. And we expect some of those things to linger. The opportunity for us remember though, is BS VI is coming. So – and we are fully prepared for BS VI. Our technology, we believe is leading in the market. We think we have not only a technology, but we also have a cost and scale leadership as well as a service network, which we think is better than competitors. So we do hope to see that this BS VI gives us an opportunity to increase share and increase profitability in India. We just think next couple quarters are going to be rough. That's just the way I'd summarize it.
Mark Smith: Yes. So I think you have that right. We've got some – we think are going to remain relatively sideways while the others go down. The other thing going on, which you probably saw in the numbers is in the distribution business, especially in North America, there's been still quite a bit of improvement driven from our initial acquisition of all of our North American distributors. We spent the first four years making sure we consolidated, got the right managers in the right place, made sure we held on to customers and let them know that we're a good distribution business and care for customers. And now what we're beginning to do is figure out how to operate those businesses more or like a North American distribution business rather than a bunch of different branches. And so we're beginning to see some improvement in profitability. We'll see where that goes from here, but there's a lot of good plans in that distribution business. So my own view is I'd like to see it do better than sideways because I think there are opportunities for it to do better than sideways during the downturn. But I think Tony has called the aftermarket point just right. We always see a little bit of noise where utilization goes down here or there. We don’t go down a little bit, but we're talking about 5% drops as opposed to 30% or 40% drops.
Mark Smith: The best proxy for our overall Parts business is really the Distribution business. The Components business is probably 70% for us fit, Ross. So turbochargers what was going on the new equipment, obviously that's down quite heavily in some of the markets right now. Our underlying Parts business, we're confident in that. That's not the real issue here.
