Mark Smith: Thank you, Derek, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to the teleconference, and we're pleased to share with you a brief business update and discuss Cummins second quarter performance, as well as our revised outlook for the full year.  Also participating this morning is Tim Solso, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Linebarger our President and Chief Operating Officer; Marsha Hunt, our Vice President and Corporate Controller. Pat Ward, our Chief Financial Officer cannot be with us today due to a family bereavement. This teleconference will include certain forward-looking information. Any forward-looking statement involves risk and uncertainty. The company's future results may be affected by changes in general economic conditions and by the actions of customers and competitors. Actual outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed in any forward-looking statement. A more complete disclosure about forward-looking statements begins on Page 3 of our 2010 Form 10-K, and it applies to this teleconference. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation is available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. With those formalities out of the way, we'll begin with the remarks from our President and Chief Operating Officer, Tom Linebarger.
Mark Smith: Thank you, Tim. Consideration to who are with us on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're free to rejoin the queue. Derek, we are now ready for our first question.
Mark Smith: As we've talked about, we're seeing strong demand in China. But of course, as a percent of our total segment revenue, that didn't shift the needle a lot. The U.S., while it showed good growth in the first half from very low levels over the first half of last year, doesn't show a great amount of growth in the second half of the year. And then with China, we do see demand easing off there as the power crisis improves. So overall, we haven't changed the guidance.
Mark Smith: I think, Tim -- I think you and I talked about this. We do a lot of programs with customs [ph] on development side. It doesn't necessarily mean it's moved into a commercial -- you've got copy of a DOE presentation, and I think we've got no news to announce here. Tom has given you the overview.
Mark Smith: Yes, because BNZ [ph] had a slightly different definition. So I've just seen that this morning, so I'll need to look at how their dicing the market.
Mark Smith: So I think, just to remind you, for the full year, we said we'd expect net 1% price increase across the company and about a gross 1.3% commodity costs challenge, partially offset by internal cost improvements and is pretty much playing out the way we had said for the full year so far.
Mark Smith: Adam, this is Mark. Yes, we've definitely seen an increase in demand for truck engines in Brazil. And while we started the year thinking there wasn't going to be a significant pre-buy impact because OEMs are pretty tight on capacity, it seems like we've been able to find a little more. We estimate maybe up to 10,000 or 11,000 units increase in the second half of the year. Of course, for next year, we're not really getting into guidance for 2012 at this point in time. We update that later in the year, but we're definitely seeing a ramp up.
Mark Smith: No, that's not really -- that's not the big driver. The big thing, Adam, is a lot of the growth in on-highway markets, today, aren't as significant for Components as off-highway. The aftertreatment system will come on for Tier 4 Final, which is the single biggest ticket item on revenue. China is down a bit, which is a consolidated part of the business in Components. So those are the biggest reasons why we haven't changed significantly.
Mark Smith: We've seen -- well, construction's picked up to some -- we believe there's some pre-buy going on, on the below 174-horsepower construction. I think truck continues to improve a little bit but nothing dramatic but no significant negative signs.
Mark Smith: That's exactly it, and then that's the main driver. Tim, you've got it, and then our Chongqing Cummins joint venture, which is more related nonconstruction. Off-highway is also pretty strong in the second half, but distribution is the biggest point. You're exactly right.
Mark Smith: I think either is possible but I think basically, as we've said, the performance is really good and that really led to some favorable adjustments here in the second quarter. Over and above that, we do have some campaigns and repair practices on our older engines and they were very low in the second quarter compared to historical trends. So we think that that's not a normal run rate. But overall, the confidence in the product is very high and our goal is to find the problems and fix them as quickly as possible to minimize the costs. And I think we're doing a pretty good job of that.
Mark Smith: I think the other thing I would add, Ann, is obviously at Tata Cummins joint venture, we've added 60,000 units of capacity this year. And at Dongfeng Cummins, we've also been working on adding additional 50,000, and you'll recall we're pretty much sold out last year.
Mark Smith: And I think the thing that I'd point out here, Eli, is we're growing the incremental EBIT margins. At the same time, we're having a heavy investment in R&E to fund that future growth. So the gross margin expansion is good and from then the growth at the same time.
Mark Smith: So I think, Jerry, this is Mark, so the big ramp up in those turbos is going to be around the next emissions change in China. You will see some modest volumes here in the fourth quarter and then start to build up next year.
Mark Smith: Basili, it's Mark. I think, obviously, in the U.S., the truck cycle, the age of the fleets who have been on a depressed level or demand for a number of years and that's -- when you talk about components, that's a big driver. So the recovery in trucks in North America and a little bit in Europe is going to be driving that we believe we're in the front end of a multiyear cycle there. That's a particular reason why Components is picking up with the extra content at each at different emissions level.
Mark Smith: Okay. Well, thank you very much for your time today, and I will be available for calls shortly. Thank you.
N. Linebarger: We sure hope so. As we've talked about before, we have a significant investment in light-duty diesel engine that we think could make significant penetration especially in lighter trucks than we're in today and in SUVs. And our view is given the fuel economy needs and greenhouse gas concerns that clean diesel is a good addition to transportation portfolio. So we're pushing hard for that to happen. There's still -- it's still not clear about what the rate and pace if that's going to happen, but I agree with your comments that there is more interest, both in terms of the DOE and as well as customers and manufacturers. The past 2 car business, as you know, has been a relatively rough area for the last several years so I think resources are limited compared to what they were maybe 5 or 10 years ago but they're coming back. And so we're hopeful. We're still working aggressively on finding the right set of partners for our light-duty diesel engine, and we're cautiously optimistic about it but we're not going to get ahead of ourselves.
N. Linebarger: But broadly speaking, we see the North American heavy-duty truck as having a lot of positive momentum in terms of order rates and some difficulty in the supply chain to actually produce the customer demand, which, on the one hand, I'm sure is very frustrating for PACCAR, which is making good improvement. I think we'd like to do more good improvement in terms of their revenues, but they're running into constraints. And at this point, it's not us, which is really important for us, obviously. But they are running into those, and I think that's probably frustrating them a little bit. But broadly speaking, I think order rates are good and outlook remains about like we expected.
N. Linebarger: No. I mean, as you know, the general uncertainty in the economy is not making any of us feel really great. But from a truck market point of view, no.
N. Linebarger: Yes, let me start with your first question about supply chain. As we've talked about, we're really -- since the beginning of the recovery for Cummins, which is all the way back in the second half of '09, we started to ramp a little bit and then by 2010, we were ramping pretty quickly. We've had to deal with supply-chain constraints, really dozens of them, from all over the place. We have a very global supply chain. And so trying to make sure people ramped up with us has been a challenge really since then. We started with high horsepower engines, trying to get people back in the game. We have the Japan issues to deal with. So what I would say is there's no single thing which stands out today as a unique problem with one supply chain or one area. I think it's a little bit easier, at least from what I heard from the truck companies, they're pretty clear about the 1 or 2 that are shorting them today, but they're kind of dealing with one set of products for one market and we're talking a broad whole bunch of engines from a whole bunch of different parts of the world. So it's a little bit more -- it's still difficult to say this is the problem or that's the problem. But we are actively managing supply-chain constraints. I mean, we have implemented some new processes to track where supplier capacity is. We've helped suppliers with funding, tooling early in their ramp up so they could be ready, lots of programs like that to make sure -- and right now, we feel, as I mentioned, that we're in reasonably good shape. We've brought down our lead times to market lead times in every one of our engines where we don't feel like we're holding up any of the industry in the truck side. So again, I don't want to -- it's always a struggle so I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. But right now, we feel good about that. On the material cost side, definitely commodities are rising this year. That is a challenge for us to manage. As we've talked about on this call before, we have delays between when the commodity start to go up in price and when we start to see them in our purchases in significant numbers, with the exception of a few places we see. We have precious metals in our emissions equipment, and we have copper and electrical steel pretty close to the raw commodity in our Power Generation business. And so those places, we see pretty quick cost increases, most of the other places we see delays, and we negotiate for as long with delays as we can. And then, of course, we also try to adjust prices wherever we can. And so all those kind of things make them spread. That will happen this year, and then we go for price decreases. So broadly, as a company, we think the commodity thing will largely become neutral for us across the year. But that isn't true in the Power Generation business where, in fact, we are seeing some increases, which is giving us a little bit increase in material costs in the second half.
N. Linebarger: And the only thing I'd add, Adam, is we definitely will see changes in engines because we will be moving to Euro V. So those are programs we've been working on, as you guessed, for some time. We're also introducing some truck, introducing some new engines over the next several years but not is all happening as a result of the Euro V implementation. But we are upgrading all of our engines that are there to meet Euro V, and that is occurring in January. So that all is going through.
N. Linebarger: And with the Power Gen business has not really recovered significantly, that's one of areas where it really hasn't recovered very much yet still, is in Europe.
N. Linebarger: Yes, you could have written a brochure for us there, Tim. We definitely do see it as an opportunity. Of course, in our -- in the scheme of our revenue, it's still a smaller portion. And so I think some of the companies that you may listen too, of course, have a bigger position and may be bigger numbers in it. But we feel like we've got a good position there and it's growing. And so we are making significant investments. As you did mention, our transmission but also in our -- in moving up in horsepower range in the engine side. We are also putting a lot of dedicated resources towards packages, creating packages for the oil and gas industry so purchasers can get closer to what they want right from us rather than having to do a lot of secondary engineering and dealing with quality issues, et cetera, which has been well-received. So we are making significant investments in the oilfields. And as you said, the higher horsepower needs and the urgency with which operators are trying to make sure they understand and make productive shale gas finds that I think are -- it's definitely serving equipment producers well.
N. Linebarger: As a business -- Ann, we are very really pleased from the point of view of the 2010 launch and how well the results are coming in from a warranty point of view. It's not a place you ever want to get ahead of yourself, but we feel very good about where we are. And we have a pretty conservative and stringent way with which we adjust accruals, and we'll continue to follow that. So even -- we're not going to get ahead of ourself financially, but we feel great business-wise about where we are.
N. Linebarger: Yes, from a capacity point of view, as I talked about, and the supply chain point of view, we have been managing bottlenecks throughout the supply chain in a whole bunch of different areas, both components and engines, not so much in genset, but in components and engines, now for several years and we've been moving them up. And they're not typically assembly issues, right? So we don't have assembly capacity point constraints in very many places. I can't think of any to be honest. It's almost all supply chain-related, and it's mostly components and it's not even the same components by engine. So that's really what we're managing from a capacity point of view. As you guessed, heavy-duty trucks, if we meet the forecast that we expect by the middle of next year, we'll be tight. And so we've been doing a lot of work on that now for more than 12 months, figuring out how we make sure we have enough capacity, not just on average for the year, but for any week or any quarter anybody needs a lot of them, how we're going to make sure. And so we've been using inventory, as well as capacity expansion, as well as shift patterns, et cetera, to manage that as an example. But then in high horsepower engine has also been managing capacity to make sure that we have enough of what engines are selling the best. We talked a little there about mining and oil and gas, which grew a little faster than we expected this year. So more demand for those particular models of the high horsepower engines has meant that we've had to get some capacity in those models. So a lot of work. But again, I would say to you that I don't feel against it in the sense that we're in a desperate situation anywhere but it's taken a lot of work across all of our product lines.
N. Linebarger: Yes, those are examples, I think, like the Dongfeng Cummins ones to where, okay, demand is falling in China so why would you add capacity? And the idea there is that we think it's the correction, and we want to make sure we have capacity when the demand comes back. So that's an example of kind of our strategy to make sure that we don't get behind. We stay up and where we have assembly capacity we've got in place because it's in the broad scheme of things, relatively inexpensive relative to the revenue opportunity we have. And then, it's about managing the supply chain to make sure they keep up.
N. Linebarger: Well, I don't want to get ahead of guidance, obviously, but let me just give you a broad view, which is I don't see us at any peak kind of idea now. I mean, we're going to continue to try to manage in our sort of 3% to 4% of revenue band, and we see ourselves growing now for several years and of course we'll talk a lot about that in September, about the rates of growth that we think they're going to be significant. So we'll be putting in the capacity to make sure that we can meet it. So definitely, I don't see that as a peak but we're going to be continue to manage our capital spending with discipline while still making sure we've got capacity to grow.
N. Linebarger: Yes. Pat talked about this a little bit but we definitely see one of the fundamental challenges for us. One of the things that we think is critical to achieving our target is to continue to generate incremental margins so that we can grow earnings faster than sales and that the incremental margin generation is kind of what really makes the targets. So we're very focused on them. So we don't think they're over or somehow we're not going to be able to get them anymore. That's kind of what our management team focuses on is how to grow but still grow in a way that we can generate those kind of incremental margins that we've been generating and will continue generating. You know that at the start of a -- after the anniversary [ph] at the start of ramp up, you get a little bit better incremental margins. But then after that, these things start to average out as you grow, and we think we can do that over a sustained period of time.
N. Linebarger: That's exactly -- yes, that's exactly right, Eli. That's what you'll see when we talk in September, we talk about the targets. That's really going be what they're going to say. And of course, to say it is one thing, to do is another, but that's what our management team is focused on.
N. Linebarger: I think Annad Hasim [ph] might take issue with the step child characterization there. But I get where you're going. They are now in double-digit return level. We're very, very happy with where we are now from a profitability point of view. Of course, we think they can improve. But I think -- the other thing to think with them is that we also think they have potential growth, higher growth. So we'll be balancing how much we're expecting from incremental margins and how much we want growth. For example, there we're likely to increase engineering spending at a higher rate because we think we've got an opportunity to launch a lot more products, especially in developing countries, so we'll be balancing that. So I guess I wouldn't say that that's the area where all the incremental -- a lot of the incremental EBIT level. We'll be looking for good incremental margins across all 4 segments and growth rates, good growth rates are across all 4 segments but a little higher growth rate in the Components business.
N. Linebarger: Okay, the turbocharger. This is the small turbochargers. Okay, I'm sorry, I missed your question. Well, you got a lot information, you didn't need then. Let's see if we can get you information you do need.
N. Linebarger: Yes, and remember that's Euro IV or whatever the China equivalent of Euro IV is. And that right now is scheduled to be the first of 2012. But there's debate about when the actual implementation will be, and we just don't know. But most market expectations I've heard are somewhere between January 2012 and January 2013. Again, everybody has a point to pick on the calendar but it's somewhere between those 2. And that will be a significant launch for the Components segment, I think you know that Jerry that's a small turbo but lots of volume. So a significant opportunity for us for growth there.
N. Linebarger: Yes, no question about it, Jerry. We have already been talking with other potential customers for that turbocharger. We have, as you guessed, the development is a major activity for us. We're kind of doing things step-by-step but there's no question there'll be other opportunities for sale there, and they're significant. And, then on the aftertreatment side, we do believe that aftertreatment has significant growth potential in China. That's was when I was talking to Eli, that was one of the points I was making about growth in the Components business is that the developing countries like China, that as they begin to implement standards from Euro IV on, now they're having to add equipment that will help the engines meet emissions, and we are working actively on FCR and other aftertreatment devices that we believe a lot of engine makers will use and we think we'll have significant business growth as a result.
N. Linebarger: Yes, let give me you 2 general thoughts, and then we can see if I can -- we can be more specific. But generally speaking, as I talked about China as an example, which to your point there's been a lot of news about China and is it getting worse. A lot the news, I think, is about momentum. It's about the fact that is it going to get worse than it's been growing. And it's been growing at 9% or 10% GDP a year. And so the government has said we need to control inflation because they're getting housing cost inflation and other forms of inflation, which look like they could create problems for them long run. So they're watching out for bubbles. But they have a strong incentive to keep GDP growth up above 8%. So their playing a fine line between how much they restrain growth and how much they allow growth. But suffice it to say that there's significant growth still going on in China. And remember that even if they get down to 7% growth compared to 1% or 2% in the U.S., so these are other markets that are growing very, very quickly. And even the comparisons, if you look -- I've mentioned talked about the excavator market, which has clearly fallen off from very, very high construction equipment purchases driven by stimulus and just the general GDP growth, still we're talking about levels that are in Q1 was 60% higher than just one year before in China, which was already huge. So the growth rates are so big that even if they start to tail off a little bit, you're talking about gigantic business for Cummins. So there's definitely share gains in there. There a trends which are favoring local producers versus importers and we're, of course, a local producer and supplying local producers. We're growing our -- the size of our engines. We're adding the Foton joint venture, which is giving us new engines in China. We're bringing new products to India, same thing. So those are influencing it to but broadly speaking, I think when you look on the margin, you might say hey this looks a little bit worse, but when you step back from it you say what's the opportunity for Cummins, it's slowing down slightly but not very much. We can barely keep up. So that's the first point. The second point is I do think there is general uncertainty in the U.S. and Europe, and I don't know what to say to you about that other than I do think that some of our businesses like Power Gen still have more room to recover. And if things got better, if we started to see positive momentum in the U.S. and Europe and more confidence. We'd see those -- that business improve further. So we have more upside than we think we were experiencing. But there is that cloud hanging over that's I think keeping the growth of capital businesses like Power Gen slower. And then truck, on the other hand, which maybe could be slower too, is fast because for so many years people delay truck purchases. Now they're just desperate, they need new trucks because the cost of their old ones is now exceeded the cost of buying new ones from a total cost point of view, so they're buying new ones even in the face of some uncertainty in the economy. So I guess what I'm try to give these our business is going very well in I agree some uncertain times but it's mostly because we're positioned in these developing economies that are growing much faster and because some of our end markets are growing despite the uncertainty. I think when things get more confident, you're going to see even more growth for us.
