Ivor J. Evans: Thank you, Kevin. If you'll please turn to Slide 13. In our fourth quarter call in November, we provided you with detail on each element of our M2016 plan. Let me briefly summarize the highlights for you again because this plan is the roadmap to the financial results we have committed to achieving in 2016. The 3 financial targets we've established for M2016 address margin performance, net debt reduction and revenue. We intend to achieve a 10% margin for the full fiscal year 2016 through performance initiatives, incremental business wins and some market recovery. As we said previously, our cash flow breakeven is around 7% to 7.5%. We intend to drive performance that far exceeds this breakeven point so that we can consistently generate strong free cash flow. Last fiscal year, we reduced net debt by $216 million, which puts us more than halfway to our goal of $400 million. We're off to a good start but have more to do. We also reported $120 million of new business last year. We'll continue to scorecard ourselves annually against our target of a $500 million per year run rate, and we'll continue to tell you about new business we're winning around the world. M2016 has 9 specific initiatives that we believe will improve the performance of our business, resulting in achieving the financial targets that I just mentioned. In the first quarter of this year, we exceeded our operational targets in safety, quality, delivery and cost. Through continued execution of Lean concepts in our plants, we're taking the Meritor production system to a higher level in an effort to further improve our operational performance. We're making solid progress toward completing contracts with major customers. As we discuss our partnerships with these customers and others around the world, we're working closely with each one to ensure our product strategy is closely aligned with theirs. We're designing new features and enhancement to help our customers achieve their goals in safety, efficiency, performance and application coverage. We're confident in our ability to organically grow this business as we continue to engineer commercial drivetrain products that enhance mobility and maximize vehicle uptimes through superior engineering. Our products offer better performance at lighter weights for increased payloads and higher operating efficiencies. We're also actively pursuing various strategic approaches to reduce material cost, and we're seeing the results. Working capital is another area that we've targeted for improvement. We believe there's an opportunity to increase our inventory turns over the next few years. Overall, we're on track to meet our M2016 objectives. We've focused our resources onto the fine set of initiatives that we believe will lead to the achievement of the financial targets that we've detailed for you. We have momentum. We're celebrating our wins. We're challenging ourselves to do even more. We look forward to seeing you at Analyst Day in New York on February 6 for a more detailed discussion. Now we'll take your questions, and thank you.
Ivor J. Evans: I might add to Kevin's point, we have a very robust pipeline that we think is very viable and we continue to work that aggressively.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, I think, as you know, we were about to -- we were going to lose all of our volume this year. So this is potential upside.
Ivor J. Evans: It's very difficult to forecast what's going on in Brazil. It's just been, for the reasons we outlined, it's been difficult. I mean, we -- GDP and inflation remain a concern. But the inventory levels are -- the good news, inventory levels are stabilizing. The FINAME program has been extended to this calendar year. So those are positives. But consumer confidence is weak. And so it's just very uncertain. But we're pretty confident that the 175,000 to 185,000 medium and heavy-duty trucks is probably a fairly realistic outlook.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, the District Court ruled in favor of Meritor and against Eaton on a set of pretrial motions. And we had a pretrial scheduling conference, and the judge tentatively set a date for June 23. Eaton has asked for additional time for more discovery. And she has said that she will consider that and get back to us and determine whether she is going to hold the June 23 date, which would probably be an 8-day trial. But either way, we expect a trial date this year, whether it be June 23 or a little later in the year. But there should be a trial this year.
Ivor J. Evans: Sure, Brian. Vernon had shared with us his plans to retire in the next several years. And was expected to leave. Vernon has been a valued member of our team. But we were opportunistic and found a great replacement. And as you probably know, finding good outside -- excellent [ph] counsel and corporate secretary can be difficult. So we decided to go ahead and proceed with that. We will be making an announcement shortly in that regard. And Vernon has also continued to -- continue in a consulting role with us for this next year. We do not see any impact at all to the Eaton suit. Kevin and I and Vernon have actually teamed this with outside counsel. We've had the same outside counsel for 7.5 years. So we don't -- there's no impact here at all, Brian.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, regarding to the low-hanging fruit, as far as margin performance, we feel very comfortable in our abilities to deliver our material net cost reductions. In fact, if you look at what we've identified and what we have to go get this year, it's very, very small. We're very confident we've demonstrated it in last year, as well as far as labor and burden improvement, and we're well on track through the first quarter this year in both labor and burden and material performance. So we're very confident, at this point in time, that we can continue with the Meritor Lean production system and continuous improvement, that the opportunity still exists. We have a -- and we also have not only, on our revenue side, a very aggressive pipeline, we have also identified a very solid pipeline of opportunities on the material and labor and burden front as well.
Ivor J. Evans: I was just going to say, if you'll recall, when I first came, I made an assessment regarding M2016 that this plan was doable and that we have the right management team to execute it, and nothing has changed in that regard. And you can see by the results that it's working.
Ivor J. Evans: Speaking specifically about Daimler, we're in a process of finalizing our contract renewal with them. We view them, clearly, as a strategic customer. And when we're in a position to make an announcement, we will do so. But we're very encouraged about our progress. Similarly, we're very encouraged about the discussions that we've had with Volvo. And we're not in a position to make any announcement in that regard. But we're encouraged with the discussions that we've had to date.
Ivor J. Evans: I would say the greatest uncertainty at this point in time is in North America. The December, Class 8 orders were very strong at 31,000 plus. So January will be -- we're really looking at this month orders critically. So, hopefully, there could be some upside there, we're not sure, but we'll have to watch that closely. The prebuy in Europe clearly helped the first quarter, and it kind of clouds the remaining 3 quarters. But maybe, Kevin, do you want to...
Ivor J. Evans: But Patrick, as you look at our pipeline, we are not dependent upon any single program. We had -- the pipeline is very robust. And I would view -- I would look at the defense as some of the newest opportunity that presented themselves as just opportunity.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, to answer your question, we remain very bullish in South America on the long term. And yes, we think we have the cost structure to weather where we are today. But we're winning new business as we speak, and we've announced that with MAN and Phevos. So we are very bullish on particularly Brazil and Latin America.
Ivor J. Evans: You're correct that the quarter was not as strong on inventory turns as we'd like. We've identified what we need to do. We have not changed on where we think we can go long term -- longer term, which we think we can get to 10 turns. But Kevin, I don't know whether you want to add a little more color.
Ivor J. Evans: But having said that, it is one of our initiatives, and we're committed to improving our inventory turns. So...
Ivor J. Evans: Well, we successfully completed the consolidation of our operations, and we saw really nice margin improvement. We've got the right cost structure. Grader and loader segments did show some signs of improvement. But overall, look at the mining segment, it's at depressed levels. And there's still some inventory out there for cranes. So we are, as we said in the call earlier, let's wait another quarter, and we'll come back to you on that one. Right now, we're kind of seeing it as flat.
Ivor J. Evans: First of all, one of the pricing actions, Brett, is with our aftermarket. And we are achieving that. As far as Daimler is concerned, we're really excited about the discussions that we're having with them. And we'll -- to be announced at a later date. We are actively engaged in productive discussions with Volvo. The Volvo contract expires in Europe at the end of this year. So -- but in all cases, these are strategic customers for us. And we are engaged and involved and the discussions, at this point in time, are all positive.
Ivor J. Evans: The -- there's -- the HMMWV is in our pipeline. And as I said, we didn't discount any of the programs in that pipeline, but we've discounted the total. So we're not dependent on any particular program. I mean, we could not get HMMWV and still be okay with the incremental revenue growth that we're talking about. We're just encouraged about where we are with HMMWV right now because of -- with the selection of the -- where the Marine Corps is in their process.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not going to give specific guidance on a quarterly basis, but I can tell you the way to think about it. Obviously, we had a good quarter here at 7.7% margin. A couple of the headwinds that you should keep in mind as we think about sequentially going into Q2 and beyond. One is we obviously had this one-time benefit from long-term disability, which was an execution item to reduce our cost structure. But that's not going to be an item that recurs in the next couple of quarters. Second is we do have continued step down in the FMTV business sequentially over the next few quarters. So you should expect that to be a headwind. And third, there is some risk related to the Brazil FX. I mean, even if you look at where that was yesterday, trading at $2.44, that's even a depreciation versus where we were at the end of the year. So while we won't give sequential guidance, you can expect that some of those things are impacting us as we think about hitting our full year 7.5% guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, we're not going to scorecard ourselves quarter-to-quarter on that. Obviously, we provided in our year-end call our scorecard in terms of having already generated bookings of $120 million on a run rate basis, and $110 million of which is going to hit in 2016. I think we are going to provide you a little bit more color at Analyst Day next week on some of the things that we think drive or help us achieve the targets as it relates to that $500 million run rate revenue target.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think the way to think about it is next year, we were thinking that we would have no FMTV revenue. I think you should think about those 900-plus vehicles, I think it's 949 vehicles or so, as being about 30% of the volume that we would experience in FMTV in '14. So '15 volume in that regard would be about 30% of '14.
Kevin Nowlan: And you should think about it as you go through the course of the year, we're down about 30% year-over-year Q1. But on a full year basis, we're going to be down about 55%. So I think that should just help you see that there are more step downs coming sequentially as we head into Q2 and Q3.
Kevin Nowlan: And then keep in mind, from a Meritor-specific perspective, we did have that new business win with DAF, which should help our revenue as we go throughout the year relative to -- in increasing share, you can think about it relative to the overall market there.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean, you could see the factoring was -- the good news coming through the factoring line was about $81 million. Now as you think about that -- and that's driven by Europe, where we had a big uptick in volume sequentially, driven by the prebuy activity. And we also had a new factoring program in Brazil, it's a short-term program that we had put in place. As you think about that from a headwind perspective going forward, I would think about it as being roughly half of that balance, maybe a little bit more of half of that balance being a sequential headwind as we go into Q2.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think another thing to keep in mind, Brian, is that as you look at this year, we obviously ended last year with a full year EBITDA margin of 7.1%. We're guiding to flat revenue this year and margin uptick to 7.5%. And that's despite 2 pretty significant headwinds, 1 being the FMTV stepping down 55%. And I think we've given different data points over time which can help you kind of dimension the potential impact of that. And second, keep in mind, we don't have Suspensys anymore. So we've lost those JV earnings. And the combination of those 2 things are being overcome or overwhelmed by the performance that we're generating right now to allow us to generate improved margins. So as you think sequentially as we go forward toward M2016, those headwinds start to go away. Suspensys won't be a headwind again in '15. And FMTV, while it's got another step down coming, it's not going to be the same magnitude of headwind for the next 2 years. So as long as we continue to execute on the performance we have, we're going to start to see that performance flow to the bottom line without those same types of offsets we have here in '14.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean, I think you characterized it right. If you think about -- if your question's really where the risks and opportunities relative to the guidance that we're giving right now, I think North America is the one where there is the potential for upside, but we're not prepared to call that yet because it's just based on a month of orders. I think there are other regions, though, Europe, as Ike alluded to, South America and India, where I think there's continued risk in those relative to our guidance. I think still too early to tell at this point. And I think once we get one more quarter of data, we'll have a pretty good idea of where those markets are more likely to shake out. But at this point, that where the real risk and opportunity is.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes it's -- I mean, the way we think about it is we feel really good about our ability to deliver 1.5 to 2 points of margin expansion, absent any volume changes from where we are today. And then the volume, which is a combination of new business wins that -- some of which we've already executed on, as well as the market recovery, those are the things that would get us the rest of the way to 10%. So right now, as we think about it, there is a little bit of dependence that we have on the markets and the new business wins, but the bulk of the margin expansion that we're driving toward right now is based on underlying execution and performance. So we expect we'd get to 8.5% or 9% without any volume help.
Kevin Nowlan: It's -- normally, our stronger cash flow quarters tend to be the third and the fourth fiscal quarter. And I think you should think of that being no different this year. Because we do, as we come into Q2 here, we do have that factoring headwind I mentioned in Europe as those volumes come down following the prebuy and that factoring benefit unwinds. So I think you should expect that Q3 and Q4 will be the stronger quarters of the year from a cash flow perspective, but still in line with putting us on full year targets for 0 to $25 million of positive total free cash flow.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I'll give a little color, because that's right. I mean, Q1 is down from where we were in Q4. If you look year-over-year, just looking where we ended '13 versus where we ended '12, actually, our inventory turns are flat. Now we would have liked to have seen some improvement, but we didn't. Now as you look at a year-over-year basis, Q1 to Q1, actually, our inventory turns improved. And the reason they are down, though, on a sequential basis, is we tend to have some inventory build that we have in the first quarter as we prepare for aftermarket spring selling season coming up and some of the other volume preparation we do, as we have production shutdown in December, we need to be ready for the early part of the second fiscal quarter. So overall, I think we'd like to see our performance improving. But as you look at the year-over-year metrics, we have seen some improvements. So I'm not sure I would agree that sequentially, we're seeing it get worse and worse. I think it's been stable, really, as I look Q4 to Q4 of last year and then Q1 to Q1 as well, it's a little bit up.
Kevin Nowlan: The DAF one is happening right now, and the MAN-Phevos program starts several years out. It's not one that's in production right now.
Kevin Nowlan: And keep in mind, I think one of the things we've said is as you think about this OE contract renewals, it doesn't mean there are meaningful price movements in all of those contracts. I think we're focused on a couple in particular that we feel like are maybe underpriced. And so I don't think you should have an expectation necessarily that every OE contract necessarily translates to some sort of significant step up in price. The other question you asked there about Daimler. The contract actually expired December 31. But as you can imagine, with the strategic relationship that we have with Daimler, we continue to supply Daimler, and we continue to have a constructive relationship and hope to have something to talk about in the near future.
Kevin Nowlan: And then as it relates to the FMTV, I mean, it's -- the extension of the program into '15 is nice, but that doesn't help us on a run rate basis. So that volume, you're not going to see us count that towards the $500 million of revenue. But the HMMWV is one of those programs that we're focused on among a lot of others as we drive toward the $500 million.
