Christopher Clulow: [Technical Difficulty]. Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs, and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the risk factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we'll refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our President and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey to kick us off. 
Christopher Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have an additional question, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Christopher Clulow: And Jerry, on your question on the inventory step-up and there's a good reconciliation in the earnings deck, which talks through the complicated picture that is Meritor for this quarter. It's about $32 million was the impact in the third quarter of that inventory step-up.
Christopher Clulow: Yes. So let me try to unpack that a little bit. So the U.S. GAAP results essentially for Meritor at itself was essentially breakeven in the second quarter. And as Jen mentioned, our guidance for the full year for 2022 is about 4.5%. So that implies the U.S. GAAP, when you take out -- including the purchase accounting in Q2 and a little bit in Q3, implies an EBITDA of about 9% in the fourth quarter and that was up from, if you take out some of the noise in the third quarter, that was approximately 7.3% operating EBITDA. So we're seeing a step-up there. And then we would continue to -- as we go towards the future, continue to drive improvement there, both through the synergies we gain as well as other improvements in the business. So that gives you some view of kind of the trajectory there. I'm happy to talk through more separately, if you like.
Christopher Clulow: Yes, thanks, Noah. I think the Infrastructure Bill is similar -- actually it's having a very similar outcome, whereas obviously, the IRA is driving more into the New Power space. We are seeing some good momentum in that space. And we benefit that whether through the rental companies or some of the other construction equipment in North America has remained strong through this year and is carrying forward that momentum as those -- we continue to build out and there's a lot of work to be done, as you know. So that is certainly helping us.
Christopher Clulow: Thank you, everyone -- much, everyone, for joining. As always, we will be available this afternoon to answer any questions that you may have from the Investor Relations perspective, and I appreciate your attendance today. Thank you.
Mark Smith: Yes, so what we're trying to do and we realize it's complex for us also, there's a lot going on, Steve. So what we're trying to do is make clear how we're performing against our guidance in the Cummins business prior to the Meritor acquisition, which we lowered that guidance just to be clear and we'll try to be clear for the reasons why. And then we'll layer on the Meritor performance. So we're trying to give projections for both. We will report all in and then just as we've done this quarter in the earnings material, we'll break out the business pre-Meritor, Meritor separately, and the different elements so you can try and get a fuller picture and then next year, we'll move to the all-in reporting. But we will continue to provide details around Meritor, so that you can gain confidence that we're making progress on executing on the integration and growth of that business going forward. So the answer is yes, it's going to look similar in Q4 to this quarter. The noise from the purchase accounting will start to go -- will taper down next quarter and in subsequent quarters. But we're going to report with and without, so we're not reducing the visibility of our performance on either front. That's the main goal.
Mark Smith: Yes, and I would just add to that. We have lowered our admin costs like three quarters in a row. There is a tremendous focus on trying to flatten our costs out there, in particular, the increase in the SG&A was really in the selling side, which is a lot of that's tied to our aftermarket business and the Power Systems business, which is [Technical Difficulty] engineering on with the upward pressure and these are under the other type of pressure.
Mark Smith: And just to confirm, the reason -- one of the reasons why we're ahead on price and material cost this year was, in fact, we bore a lot of those costs in the second half of 2021.
Mark Smith: No significant momentum at all there right now, Dave, so that's certainly not part of the improvement from Q3 to Q4.
Mark Smith: What I would say is, yes, we've got line of sight into improving demand in New Power business I would expect at this point in time without getting into specific numbers, both growth in battery electric systems and electrolyzer sales next year. So I think the momentum is going to continue in New Power. And then yes, we've got strong customer demand on the eAxle side. Again, I don't think that's going to be a dramatic change relative to a $27 billion company. But demand is strong. I've got clearest visibility into the New Power side right now.
Mark Smith: Yes, a lot of focus on demand and delivery right now as there is in other parts of our business, Jerry. So we aren't short of demand. We need to keep raising those production rates.
Mark Smith: But also the performance in the short run, of course, is going to be dependent on the market. And we'll give you all of those elements, both in the Q4 and as we get to next year. I realize it's messy and appreciate everyone's patience as we've tried to work out the best disclosures to give you all this information. We'll continue to err on the side of sharing more and not less to make it as clear as possible.
Mark Smith: Yes, it won't be present even in the fourth quarter results and that's one of the factors why our EBITDA margins will -- not the only factor but one of the factors why our margins will be better in the fourth quarter.
Mark Smith: Yes, there are really three core elements to that bridge, Steve: the bonus we've mentioned, a little bit of improvement in pricing from Q3 to Q4; and then we did have some operational challenges concentrated in one or two areas and we expect those to improve. And those three elements are the key drivers of the margin rebound. No improvement in China baked in, no significant increase in expenses expected in the fourth quarter.
Mark Smith: Yes. And the only other thing is we continue to incur these mark-to-market losses so we didn't call them out. At some point, that will stabilize and rebound. Those were present in the third quarter but at a lower rate than in the second quarter. So that's noise in the other income line.
Mark Smith: Yes, we're pretty much sold out for this year. There are some regional factors, increased coal production in India. There's some local factors as well as the overall security and availability of energy across borders.
Mark Smith: Yes. On a percentage basis, it's clearly going to be dilutive in the early part of the ownership and the goal is to keep working that up over time.
Mark Smith: No. I mean, we're working on that. We've got teams dedicated to that, working on that every day. Still feel confident about the numbers we gave earlier of $130 million pretax by year three. And I will say we're finding some other synergies as well in taxes and other things that are not included there. But lot of work still ahead of us, a lot of good progress to start and, of course, integrating the employees, that's a lot of work but we're off to a good start. I will say the business -- that business is also very busy with demand and supply challenges just as we are in our core. So we very much appreciate the hard work of the employees. We're listening towards driving synergies and improvement in their operations. They're all very busy and we appreciate that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, Steve. We continue to see strong heavy-duty customer order interest. The conversations that I have with both end customers and OEMs are around how we're working through supply constraints that continue to exist and increase production rates. And this has just not been a typical cycle, so all of those fundamentals for the business remain strong. We project that the market will remain strong into next year because they've been using the trucks at a high rate. They've not been able to replace at the level that they want to. And as well, these new trucks that are coming out, new powertrains have improved efficiency and as you see higher fuel prices, that's also attractive. So we continue to watch the broader economic indicators and what that may mean over time. Right now, we're continuing to work to increase production rates and see strong underlying demand.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, great. Thanks, Jamie, for the question. Good to hear from you. We have, as you noted, taken up our R&D spend in particular in the Engine business and the New Power business where we have strategic investments in the fuel-agnostic platform and growing investments in electrolyzers and other key New Power technologies. And so we will continue to make those investments. And as we have in the past, we're going to manage through the cycles and improve performance, underlying financial performance of the company through the up and the down cycles while still making these key strategic investments that will position us to outgrow over time. We are looking closely at our priorities for next year. We are starting to more closely manage any headcount addition, so that we make sure that we're continuing to invest in key strategic areas while also managing those investments for potential downside scenarios. So we are more closely scrutinizing those priorities right now.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, Rob, this is how I would describe it. Over -- since the start of 2021, what we've seen is supply challenges and inflation that has driven cost and inefficiency into our business. For 2022, we are expecting a 400 basis point improvement in price compared to a 230 basis point impact on cost. So we are ahead for the year when you think about that price/cost balance, and we're also working to make improvements in operating efficiency. And we continue to have work to do to get back to where we were at the start of 2021. And we're able to price more rapidly into our aftermarket business. But of course, where we've got high backlog in the Power Systems business or long-term contracts, right, that takes time to flow through as we negotiate with customers and that we have metal market and other contractual agreements that also flow through over time, but not immediately.
Jennifer Rumsey: Sure, on the supply chain side, we continue to see improvement and we also still have issues. So at this point, electronic component continues to be our biggest risk and disruptor. But as you said, there continue to be these dynamic lockdowns in China, congestion in certain ports that is more in the East Coast, more in Europe. And so we continue to see some supply chain disruption. So from where I sit, quarter-over-quarter it's been improving and we've been taking build rates up and able to drive some operational improvement, and those issues are not completely gone. And so that is, in part, influencing this continued expectation that we'll see improvement going into Q4 and into next year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, and as you noted, I mean, they just had -- the Congress elected Xi to third term. We typically see some seasonality in that market. It's difficult to predict at this point. So as Mark said, we're not projecting improvements through the end of the year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, like the U.S. truck market, the Power Systems markets continue to remain strong. We have -- there's a large back order there so we're projecting strength going into next year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, and on the electrolyzers, as I talked about some of the investment in production capacity. So we're in the early stages of building up that production capacity, building up the backlog. It's going to be lumpy at this point, and it's going to grow, as Mark said, over time. And we still feel really good. In fact, the Inflation Reduction Act and the climate provisions around that are strengthening the hydrogen outlook in the U.S.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, we're obviously in the early days of integrating the Meritor business, excited to have that as part of us, starting to have conversations with customers at a strategic level. And it's a positive for them that we have added Meritor to our portfolio and can talk about how we're serving them both in the core businesses and New Power business going forward. Early days and those conversations are both on operational and supply as well as the strategic opportunities that we have.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, I mean we are of course talking about outlook and forecast with our OEM customers and staying close to them on that. At this point, we've got about a nine-month backlog based on strong orders in September and October. And we'll continue to stay close to them to watch how that outlook evolves in the second half of the year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, really it was more of the latter. So of course, we're always looking at pay and what's happening with the market as it relates to labor costs. But really, we felt very strongly that given the tremendous effort of our employees over the last 18 months to deliver revenue at the level we did and work through all of the supply chain challenges and continue to commit to deliver key strategic growth initiatives, and given the environment where they are experiencing higher inflation, the impact to them, and the labor market is tighter. We felt that this onetime recognition was very appropriate to show appreciation, to mitigate attrition, and really motivate people to be connected to delivering and continuing to deliver for the company.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, we do see that demand continuing into next year. Of course, in oil and gas with the energy challenges, there's a lot of demand to invest there. And we'll have to continue to monitor those economic indicators over time. But right now in both of those markets, we continue to see strong demand holding into 2023.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. I mean, the Inflation Reduction Act is going to drive investment in infrastructure to support some of these clean energy technology. So we expect, over time, we'll see increased electrolyzer demand, as I alluded to earlier, and that could also provide benefit to underlying construction demand in the U.S. It's early, right, to actually see the specific impact of that. But certainly, it should provide a positive benefit.
