Chris Clulow: Great. Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins’ results for the third quarter of 2023. Participating with me today are Jennifer Rumsey, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs, and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statements in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we will refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release, with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today’s webcast presentation, are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our Chair and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey, to kick us off.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have an additional question, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Chris Clulow: One quick to add, Jerry. It doesn't change our overall guide for engine business, but it is a difference between Q3 and Q4 is our JV income does step down because of license fees timing. So, we had a lot of that happened in the third quarter that steps down about 40 basis points for Engine business margin from Q3 to Q4. So hopefully, that helps.
Chris Clulow: Yeah, the RMB1 billion bond that's planned, I think that's encouraging to see the government moving that won't impact fourth quarter, but hopefully, it drives more infrastructure growth in next year. We'll wait and see that we're up.
Chris Clulow: Thank you very much for your interest today. And as always, the Investor Relations team will be available for calls and answer any further questions that you may have. Thank you.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So Jerry, I'll add a little bit more color to what we're doing with this partnership. As I said, this partnership is really focused on battery cell manufacturing. So, we have previously been investing and focusing on battery packs, e-Axles, motors, inverters, other key components and integrated powertrains for the electrified powertrain. And together with our partners saw the need to bring production of battery cells into the US and really design what we think is going to be a winning cell solution for commercial vehicles and industrial applications. So, this will be supplied into the battery packs that Cummins will produce. The cell will also go to PACCAR and to Daimler trucks here in North America for their battery cells, really is targeted at the US market. and having a domestic offering that we think will really do the market. And the chemistry here, for this, we will continue to offer battery packs around the world and chemistries, including LSP and NMC. But this one is focused on LFP technology, which, again, together, we think is going to be a winning commercial vehicle battery cell chemistry, lower cost, better durability, less dependency on some of these minerals that can be harder to source and also improve safety. So, really good opportunity for us and also to stay closely connected with those two partners as we're launching these electrified powertrains. Our intent is to offer that battery cell through our packs to other commercial vehicle and industrial applications here in the US as well.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, David, I'll start and then Mark can add if he wants to add anything. So, as we said, we see that many of our markets have leveled off. We're seeing some drifting down in some of the markets, aftermarket, off-highway. And we are continuing to focus on ongoing improvement and profitability and performance of our business and using softening markets as a further opportunity to take costs out. So, we still see a lot of strength as we go into next year. We're not going to provide guidance for 2024. Today, what I will say is if you look at backlog and heavy-duty truck and medium-duty truck continues to look quite strong as you go into the first half of the year. Power generation is very strong. And so we're not seeing any precipitous drop off, but we think it's wise to take some cost-cutting actions here in Q4 and then continue to monitor the situation. And if we need to take further action, of course, we would continue to do that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Well, both of those segments are anticipating lower volumes for North America, medium- and heavy-duty truck market in Q4 for the reasons that I outlined here. Frankly, there's a combination of focus on inventory reduction and supply constraints that are continuing to prevent OEMs from building to the full demand, and we expect to see that in Q4 impact our revenues for both of those segments.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. So when we look at the China market, I mean over economic activity has continued to be pretty weak there. We've seen improvements in 2023 compared to 2022 when they were heavily impacted by COVID lockdowns even more extreme weakness. So you've seen some improvement. We've seen the strong demand for natural gas heavy-duty engines because of the cost delta between natural gas and diesel there. We've kind of come through the emissions change over in an on-highway market. And so if we see recovery and continued recovery in the economy there, so I think that will continue to positively impact our business. And with the product investments that we've made, the emissions change, we'll have more content, and we think continuing to increase our penetration. So we'll watch and see if any of the government stimulus does start to drive positive momentum and the economic activity, but it's been relatively weak this year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, Tami, as you noted in a period of increased R&D investment that we think will position Cummins well for the future. So in particular, now through the 2026, 2027 time frame when we launch these new fuel-agnostic engine platforms, we're making a major R&D and capital investments, and those are bringing new customer business to us and also will position us to have leading products through the energy transition. We've also been increasing our investment in the Accelera business as we ramp up the product investments for our electrolyzers and see growing demand for electrolyzer volume as well as in the electrified components. So that's really what you're seeing come through in the R&D line. And then we're continuing to really focus on improving underlying performance and efficiency in other areas so that we can continue to make the necessary R&D investments.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. I mean we're continuing to, as Mark said, to watch the Power Systems markets and in the industrial markets, we have seen a little bit of softening in oil and gas, which is a relatively small market for us that's kind of its inverse. And so that has softened a little bit. And then in Power Gen, you see a lot of growth this year. And I expect continued strong demand in the data center market for our business, and we're well positioned there.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. I think it's really important to note through this cycle, two very different dynamics because of the supply constraints than what you would previously see. So the aftermarket demand was really strong. And with the supply constraints, it was challenging for some of our customers to get parts. And so there was a lot of focus on building up inventory to try to buffer against those constraints and a focus, frankly, on addressing the gaps that resulted in an overbuild of inventory. So now that some of those supply challenges have eased this getting inventory back to appropriate levels has been a focus, and that's driven a drop-off beyond just the actual aftermarket demand in service. And then the same is true and happening on the first-fit build that we've had supply constraints that have limited our ability to meet industry demand and you see that resulting in the markets holding up longer than you would typically see and continue to see solid demand for first-fit trucks.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, we were price cost favorable this year, as we've shared previously, and we have -- we're continuing to focus on pricing with new product launches and where we've seen inflationary costs coming through. So we're working to continue to maintain that positive price/cost ratio. And we're seeing some slowing of course, in pricing in the market, but we'll expect to continue to have some of that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. So we'll launch the X15 here in North America next as you heard me say, it's performing well in China. We'll have a US version of that, of course, meeting the regulatory requirements here next year, and we'll have availability now through two of our OEMs. And we are seeing end customers testing and interested in that product will have the only heavy-duty natural gas product offered here in North America. So of course, that creates some opportunity for us as customers where they've got infrastructure, environmental goals or even operating cost benefits associated with natural gas will start to adopt that solution more. So there's some opportunity there for sure.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. Really, on the same trajectory we've talked about previously with building up manufacturing capacity here in the US and Europe, continuing to have backlog growing. We are in the process of commissioning a 25-megawatt electrolyzer with Florida Power and Light over the course of this year. So another big project that we're delivering this year, and we continue to ramp up that business as we described previously.
Mark Smith: Yes, I think it's not related to China. It is related to the fact that we're going to have less production days. That's consistent with the industry forecast for lower heavy-duty truck, which isn't a surprise, but that's what we've kind of been projecting for a couple of quarters. The thing that's really changed through the course of the year, Jerry, is the decline in the aftermarket, particularly running through the engine business. No doubt, some of that's related to customers rationalizing inventory. I don't, I think the underlying rate of decline is less than the headline rate because we've gone from a period of everybody trying to keep up with demand and now like ourselves, many companies are looking at inventory levels and trying to right-size. But just to give you a sense within the engine business between the first quarter of 2023 in the fourth quarter, parts revenues are down about 18%. So that's kind of been slipping each time we've looked at it. So that's the one changing trend. I don't think it's foretelling do. I just think it's mostly inventory adjustments. But that, combined with the lower production days, the lower absorption means that, yes, even though the revenues are holding up for the fourth quarter, it's going to be a little bit tougher. And that's one of the reasons, not the only reason why we've decided to initiate the actions that we discussed earlier. We're not predicting like a precipitous decline in our revenues at all. We don't have a visible clearly a leveling off or a slight decline in some areas, but we feel it's prudent both to do the cost reduction actions, continue our focus on cash flow and debt reduction the year that should leave us with the best chances of being very successful in 2024.
Mark Smith: And we'll give you a fuller assessment on the next quarterly earnings call about the both the cost and the benefit impact. Of course, what we're announcing today is voluntary actions, so we don't know what the exact take-up is going to be and then our assessment of what is the kind of momentum in markets going forward. There will be some other smaller actions around facilities and other things. But we'll lay that out in detail in the next quarter when we've got a more holistic or hopefully, clearer view of the full year next year.
Mark Smith: The size of the parts business in the engine business is significantly bigger than the size of the aftermarket business in the Components.
Mark Smith: Yeah, I think it's pretty stable. I think that's just the dynamics we're seeing between the two different businesses right now.
Mark Smith: There can be some differing customer demand for Components and engines in any given short-term period, David. I think you're right in the longer run or medium over multiple quarters should correlate pretty well. But in this case, we're seeing a bit more pressure on the parts on the engine side. It's not all parts that are sourced directly from our Components business. That's the main part.
Mark Smith: It's a little hard to say would say what we tend to see more clearly on the Power Systems side is destocking almost every year into the fourth quarter. We are seeing some of that and some lower rebuilds, particularly in the slice of the oil and gas market that we supply, Rob. But I would say the engine -- on the engine side, the on-highway side, the seems to have been a more sustained multi-quarter approach. And I think part of that there was a focus on prioritizing OEM newbuilds, first-fit build as we started to ramp up through the cycle and wrestle through supply chain. And then the parts was in catch-up mode, and now we're finding truck utilization has leveled off. Everybody is trying to do a better job on the inventory management. It feels like it's -- we're getting towards the bottom of that right now. Of course, that always depends on what's the economic environment and what's the underlying level of truck utilization. So if you were to ask me today, do I think we're on a clear trend to have significantly lower parts in Q1? I'd say no. So it feels like this is the strongest step has been in the last three quarters with the information that we have right.
Mark Smith: Yeah. I mean just to give you a sense, I know we don't like talking about months, but July was like the lowest in a decade, right, in some of our JV production. It's crept up since there, but it has been tough. Again, it's not worse than we thought, but that just gives you a sense of how weak it was in the summer. Hopefully, there's upside from here, but we don't have good visibility to that.
Mark Smith: Right. So the good news is they've been performing really well. So that's the underlying, and I think that's -- we expect that to be a continuing trend. As I mentioned earlier, typically, we see, particularly with the industrial side of that business that the customers really dropped down the purchase of parts in the fourth quarter. That's not new, but that that typically happens every Q4, and that's probably the main factor there -- the main negative factor. Otherwise, the underlying demand is strong. There's no major changes to pricing or the cost structure.
A – Mark Smith: Yes. And that's why we've had a big push on the SG&A and continue to do that. So well, on gross margin. So we can grow margins, grow investment, grow the bottom line and keep improving the cash. That's a simple formula that we're working to. We'd like to see the cash flow come up. The engineering is going to remain these higher levels for a little while yet. And it's also the new engine business platforms are contributing to the -- yes, CapEx being higher in dollar terms. It's in our expected range as a percent of sales. But for the next couple of years, we've got these renewal of these major platforms, which is important for our future.
A – Mark Smith: Yes, you're right, Tim, that there is more visibility, but long lead times and the underlying demand. Certainly, I think we've got great visibility through the first half of the year. And of course, we're seeing -- we're anticipating more pressure on the on-highway side just because not a severe downturn, but generally, market participants are expecting some moderation in heavy-duty truck orders going into next year. So we would expect more revenue headwinds on the engines and components side. Distribution, as you know, is very heavily aftermarket-driven. So absent some massive crush in the economy, that should be more stable. And then Power Systems, certainly, very strong visibility through the first half of the year and some into the second half of the year. We haven't seen a dramatic shift in trajectory at this point in time.
A – Mark Smith: And it's encouraging that both Power Systems and distribution now are on multi-period margin expansion trends that serve us well going forward.
A – Mark Smith: Generally, I think it's destocking, right? We've had -- we have -- there's obviously, we know returns levels and things like that from all parts of our channel have gone up as customers have been deep.
A – Mark Smith: And then if I just step back from the noise in this kind of correction period, Tim, clearly, our market share in North America on-highway markets has gone up noticeably so that should all go well for the parts that will inevitably be purchased through Cummins. I just think just in this correction period. I was just trying to provide that extra color this time to explain what I think a short-term margin influences, but not long-term market trends.
A – Mark Smith: Right. And again, when we give out for next year, then we'll, I'm sure you'll ask us about price cost. We'll be happy to share the dynamic.
A – Mark Smith: I think part of it can be the age of construction fleets, right? So we're seeing a drop off in engine demand. That doesn't necessarily mean a dramatic shift in North America construction activity. The three biggest markets both in North America, China and Europe, I think generally, it feels like the pace of economic growth in Europe is slowing. In China, it surprised us a little bit that the construction equipment demand hasn't fallen even further given some of the trails in the overall kind of financial health of construction sector in China, but it has come down some. But yes, no clear picture yet going into next year, I would say, that of all the markets, we still got some tire kick in to do, Steve, to figure out where we land for next year.
