CarlAnderson: Yes. Good morning, Joe. Good to talk to you as well. Yes, as I think we look at the next quarter. One this, what we provided was a sequential look relative to the second quarter. I think when you cut through the math on a year-over-year basis it gets - it's kind of running a little bit in the low 20% range. And as far as we look specifically for the second quarter, as you pointed out we did benefit from lower incentive comps in our actuals, as well as the - in the one-time kind of tax impact that ran through EBITDA.
CarlAnderson: Good questions. This is Carl Anderson. Just on your first question as relates to Commercial Truck, as we look at those layered capacity cost for the most part those have pretty much been eliminated in the second quarter. We did have some that pretty much been eliminated in the second quarter. We did have some that carried a little bit in the first quarter. And as we go forward as we're kind of back in ramp up mode depending on the supply chains, you could see a little bit maybe some incremental cost kind of coming in over the next couple of quarters, but nowhere near where we were running last year with a high truck markets kind of at that point. And then as relates to your aftermarket question. I think the AxleTech business, I think; we're very pleased with the amount of synergies we've been able to achieve as it relates to that. One thing that's running a little bit softer than initial plan is just overall revenue for that business. And so I think the margins aren't exactly where we want them to be currently, but as you know over time as revenue begins hopefully at some point pick up, I think we're going to be in good position with an acquisition in that business.
CarlAnderson: Yes. Good morning, Ryan. It's Carl. Good question. You know I think that the factoring unwind is really – it's really that's a function of having a lot lower sales especially - really in Europe where we are utilizers of the supply chain financing program. So it's - if the unwind is just more, it's more natural because we're not able to sell receivables in normal course because the sales are a lot lower. The real impact is just because you have a timing mismatch as far as obviously the payables need to kind of run off in the working capital perspective. And you are unable to sell new receivables. So yes, it is consistent with what we kind of provided back in the March 25, March 25th 8-K that we put out as well.
CarlAnderson: Yes. Thanks, James. Yes. I mean I think what you're seeing from the WABCO income, yes, it is included in the trailing 12-month calculation. And so as I was highlighting that we're kind of carry through for the next really four quarters as well as we look to calculate the overall compliance to EBITDA. So as we look at what's in front of us not only third quarter but for the rest of this year, our expectation is we will not have any issues with our debt covenant and we feel that coupled with the overall liquidity of the company. So with the amount of cash on hand I think we're in a pretty good spot to be able to manage the current environment.
CarlAnderson: Yes. That's exactly right. And so that's how we're characterizing it. There is, we'll call it a one-time impact at a sales levels dropped significantly based on the lower production volume. But as the fourth quarter, if there is some pick up and production kind of comes back, you will see the cash benefits at that point in time.
CarlAnderson: That's a good way to think about. I think the last quarter that we had a guided about $115 million of CapEx. So it's probably closer in the $80 million, $85 million range at this point as we think for the remainder – for the full year. So that kind of around 3% is probably the right way to think about it.
CarlAnderson: No. I would say on the synergy side in AxleTech, we're coming in right on plan and actually we're looking and we feel very good with all the actions that we have been able to take since we acquired the company last year. You know there is a reference, obviously, we are seeing some softness in overall just revenue levels, specifically in the off-highway market, as well as in aftermarket. So overall the margin performance is still probably not where we want it to be, but a lot of that now is driven more on the revenue side as opposed to any of the cost actions that we've taken to date.
CarlAnderson: Good morning, Faheem. You know I think one of the things that's in there is the impact from the WABCO, agreement being, our distribution agreement being terminated and so prior to the crisis that was a probably a book of business about a $115 million. So you are seeing a headwind now in this quarter that we're in as well and that will continue on as we kind of go forward. So a significant piece of that really relates to that particular business.
CarlAnderson: Well, again I would say, we've not kind of given line by line guidance on the revenue, but I would just say the first two quarters that we've seen this year in AxleTech has been running a little bit north of $40 million of revenue. And I would expect - we don't expect probably some little bit further softness for a period of time for that business.
JayCraig: Joe, this is Jay. Thanks, very good question. Obviously, that was what I was referring to in my comments. We think the aggressive actions we took including 40% to 50% to 60% salary reductions in a very short order allowed us the time to sit back and say what is the longer term impact of this crisis look like to Meritor. And what additional actions should we take that can allow us to be successful throughout what potentially could be a longer term downturn. So we are looking at strategies as I mentioned in my comments and beginning to execute them that. We think we'll set our cost structure on the right basis for what we would expect to see for fiscal year 2021 and beyond.
JayCraig: Well, I think it – it's, it's difficult for us to say in the near-term. And you heard the comments from our customers who have their calls, so far, they – they've been very reticent to project what the outlook looks like in future. And I think that goes for us as well. What I believe and what our team is working on is, is as you mentioned is setting up to plan for the worst and hope for the best and make sure we retain the capabilities in the company to respond to the aggressive snapback that ultimately will occur most likely in long quarters time as it always does and we're going to make certain we retain that expertise to be as successful as we have been and capturing the value on that snapback and those volumes.
JayCraig: Good question, Alex. And we're using the same playbook that we put in place during the 2008-2009 recession where we immediately put up a multi-discipline team together including finance, purchasing, supply chain, manufacturing expertise to do much more active monitoring of suppliers, particularly those who we think do not have the balance sheets that may provide them enough liquidity through this time period. So far, we have not seen any disruptions, but we're monitoring it extremely closely and that playbook that we did execute in 2008-2009 was very successful for us. Included in that is engagement of outside experts that we can send in to the suppliers to assist them with operational and financial challenges that we've already locked those same experts into agreements if they are necessary.
JayCraig: Yes. We have a much smaller relationship here through our aftermarket business as a distributor for certain products. But it, it, I, I don't want to misrepresent it, it's a fraction of what the business was previously. And those expected revenues are embedded in our outlook for the third quarter.
JayCraig: That's a very good question, Alex. I think it gets around the broader question as obviously there will be M&A opportunities that present themselves through this crisis for people who maybe don't operate as well or have the financial wherewithal to withstand the downturn. At this point in time, we are focused to make certain that our company operates successfully as it's currently configured. And we like the growth prospects of the company in areas like electrification, like our recent off highway acquisition of AxleTech, so we didn't see a burning need to add bolt-on acquisitions at this time. Now as we come out of the crisis, if there is just some incredible opportunity on the landscape and we see our revenues growing during that time period we may revisit at that time.
JayCraig: And just adding to Carl's comment, I think one of the benefits we got with also the layered capacity costs coming down is also a benefit from not seeing the premium freight costs associated with all of that. So we have seen some benefit both from the layered capacity as well as the premium freight. And I think in terms of the overall cost of purchase components versus our own internal cost there's also the benefit that we're seeing from that as well.
JayCraig: Yes. It's a very good question, Jason. Obviously, I think it's a question on the industry spend where this will be viewed as something that can be deferred to preserve capital. But so far all of the programs we're associated with particularly the largest program, the PACCAR program, it remains on schedule. I've had technical updates with the PACCAR team recently. Our products are performing extremely well and so we see no sign that our customers not too dissimilar from us are not continuing to prioritize that spend. And as Chris mentioned in one of his comments, this is one area with all the cost reductions we've made both on the CapEx and expense side. We are retaining our investments in electrification and we continually continue to respond to active code opportunities and still look at this year to be a very big year for us.
JayCraig: I think it's really almost entirely based on the lack of visibility on the OE manufacturing side. So if you take the business that your questions, Carl, you were just discussing the aftermarket business and Industrial that represents roughly a 50% of our expected revenue in that guidance. So if you took the remaining revenue, we have almost a 50% range of aftermath on the truck OE business. And I think that's very consistent with what we're hearing from our customers both in our private discussions and what you've heard them discussed publicly as they've released their earnings. It's just - it's a very opaque visibility window right now and after this quarter. And so that's why we put as wide range on revenue as we did. But understand this revenue estimate was important for us internally as well because it gave us the markers on which we have to manage the business to achieve our objectives of having the operating cash outflow be a very limited amount.
JayCraig: I don't think where we're providing that level of guidance just given the volatility, I mentioned on the revenue outlook. But what I would make note of is included in that downside sequential guidance is the incremental cost of providing the safety materials that we need to ramp up our production such as masks, face shields, sanitary products, positional cleaning. So there is some incremental cost that's being incurred right now that's outside our norms in running the business.
JamesPicariello: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just regarding your covenant, the total priority debt over, over trailing EBITDA, I mean it seems very encouraging how the EBITDA is calculated; you just to clarify this include the gain on the WABCO aftermarket sale now. Is that right? And then, has there been any change on that point? And then just based on your third quarter outlook that outlook clearly be the most challenged environment, is it safe to assume that the Meritor can now avoid any covenant breach over the next 12-months? Thanks, Jay and Carl.
JamesPicariello: Got it. And then it sounds as though you guys were not stepping off the accelerator in terms of future EV investment for this year. But just in terms of CapEx is a good starting point and assumption of maybe a similar level of your CapEx as a percentage of sales for this year-
JamesPicariello: Got it. And then my apologies if I missed this, did you mention the AxleTech contribution in the quarter, so just wondering on that point and then how the synergies are trending, does the current environment accelerate or maybe delay the synergy pull through.
