Jay Craig: Thanks, Carl. Now let's turn to Slide 14. As you heard today, we have maintained a strong balance sheet and exceptional execution. We earned new business, manage costs aggressively and extended relationships with important customers. And we are now preparing to begin the next step in our transition from prototype to production of the next-generation powertrain. We look forward to our continued journey in fiscal 2021. Now we'll take your questions.
Jay Craig: And I think, James, we're estimating for 2022, we should have approximately $100 million of incremental revenue for electrification.
Jay Craig: No. I think, Joe, those estimates by the industry analytic firms have been extremely volatile. You've seen people changing them almost on a weekly basis. And as you would expect, that wide range of guidance is how we're running the company internally, and we want to be prepared, as Carl said, if there's uptick in the pandemic and unfortunately, required shutdowns, particularly in Europe or North America, we could see those volumes come down from the higher end in towards the midpoint of the lower end. And we want to make sure the company is prepared to operate successfully at that light end to that range. As I told our Board last week, this is probably the most uncertain time in terms of market estimates I've ever seen in my tenure with the company. So we're just trying to make sure we keep all the optionality open for running the company.
Jay Craig: I think it depends, Itay, on which segment it comes through. Certainly, as we see new business coming in through the AxleTech acquisition or in our specialty and off-highway, that would be at the higher end of the margin profile relative to that segment that it resides in with aftermarket. As far as the other truck revenue, new business, we're always striving to have the incremental new business to be at or above what the current business is. And I think you've seen over the last 6 years or so that, that track record has been pretty strong. So it really depends on the mix of that business. And we do have quite a few wins that are in the specialty and off-highway areas. So we could see that segment get a disproportionate share of the new business wins.
Jay Craig: I think I'll start off and ask Carl to fill in. Carl did just mention it on a previous question. But remember, our first priority in capital allocation is to maintain our strong BB credit metrics. We believe that has served us and investors extremely well over the last 6 to 9 months as we've been through this crisis. And it has validated our belief that, that's a critical benchmark for us to maintain. So that will be the first and foremost goal in the capital allocation and then as you've seen historically with us, we do not let cash sit idly on our balance sheet, but we'll deploy any excess cash beyond that in shareholder-friendly ways.
Carl Anderson: Yes. James, it's Carl. On the run rate savings we expect to achieve from the reductions we executed last year, it's about $30 million. And if you look at the impact that we had in 2020, we had about $20 million to $23 million associated with just kind of the temporary salary reductions. And we also had a benefit from some of the headcount actions that we took in the last quarter of the year. So run rate, $30 million as we go forward. In addition, this year, we also have some other more temporary discretion cost reductions that we are planning for as well, which is about $10 million.
Carl Anderson: No, that would be separate. So -- and then if you think about that as far as, as Jay alluded to, we do expect to have run rate savings, which really will begin in 2022. But for this year, in '21, it's a little bit of a headwind because we do have some expense that we will incur as a result of those actions.
Carl Anderson: I think that's still directionally the right numbers as you think about what we have for electrification at this point.
Carl Anderson: It's a good question. I think in order to pull a recovery, it would be probably closer to the 400,000 type of production range.
Carl Anderson: Yes. Brian, it's a good question. Yes, I think relative to what we originally laid out in our Analyst Day back in 2018, we had about $3.95 billion of revenue. We are coming out ahead on the new business wins, as we outlined. But relative to that, we do have some FX headwinds associated with that about $100 million, and we also have some lower market assumptions, if you think, especially in India as well as in China. So I think the revenue line item, all in is still around what we originally planned for, which is around that $3.9 billion, $3.95 billion range.
Carl Anderson: I think, Joe, it's probably closer to the upper end of that range, but that is directionally correct. And then obviously, from that point, if you layer in the cost savings that are now more permanent,as well as the footprint optimization, that's what drives the incremental conversions north of 20% as we go forward.
Carl Anderson: Yes. I think, Joe, as we signaled on the -- just in my prepared remarks, if you think about '21, we are anticipating to have a little bit north of $100 million of new wins coming into P&L that wasn't in last year. If I kind of look at where we ended up last year, we ended up just on total net basis, a little bit less than $100 million. So it really kind of implies we have north of $200 million that will come into '22 in order for us to achieve those targets that we laid out. This is all inclusive of even -- at least to date, some of the electrification awards, obviously, if we're successful in the near future with adding some others that will be incremental.
Carl Anderson: I think it's -- Joe, yes, I mean, if you look at what we're expecting, we are looking for increases in Brazil, India. We also are planning for the additional new business wins as well as what we're -- in Europe as well. So it is really outside of North America that we expect to really generate the incremental revenue in '22.
Carl Anderson: Ryan, thanks for the questions. As it relates to just on the cost actions, if you think about it, it's probably best to think about it on a year-over-year basis. We did have about $30 million of cost actions that affected and came into the P&L in fiscal '20. I would say 2/3 of that was really along temporary cost actions and salary reductions, with 1/3 of that being more permanent in the actions we executed back in the late third quarter for us. As a result, if you kind of flip into '21, on a run rate basis, we do expect about $30 million of cost savings from all of those headcount reduction actions we executed. In addition, we are also planning for about $10 million of, I would say, other cost items as well for next year. And then on your electrification question, I think we're still kind of in the ramp-up mode. As Jay articulated, we are beginning production this in '21, a little bit later in a couple of months. And then obviously, we're going to be ramping up through '22 and then beyond. So I think our expectation is this will be accretive at some point, but I would say, over the next couple of years, we're still going to be kind of in ramp-up mode and will be a little bit of a headwind for us.
Carl Anderson: Yes. As it relates to capital allocation, we are committed to ensure we maintain our strong BB credit metrics. And as you think about -- as we think about the current leverage, it's obviously inflated this year just due to the absolute drop in EBITDA dollars. As that kind of comes back, we anticipate to grow back into the balance sheet and be able to have those type of BB credit metrics as we go forward. We are planning, though, in the second half of the year to repay some debt in order to ensure we accelerate that path. And then as we kind of get into '22, we will be looking at again as far as allocating capital to share buybacks. We'll be assessing that at that point. And then on your capital expenditures questions, it's about $85 million, very similar to what we did last year. That's something that as the year goes on, we'll continue to take a look at. But we tend to, as you know, have CapEx as a percent of revenue, somewhere between the 2.7% to 3% range, and we're very comfortable in that.
Carl Anderson: It's pretty close to that, Itay. When you do the quick math on that, I think it points to about $190 million, but yes, it's right around that range.
Chris Villavarayan: Brian, this is Chris Villavarayan. I'll take that question. So in terms of our portfolio, somewhere about 1/3 to 40% of our business is our brake business. And it is integral. And if you think about it, obviously, even with electrification, air disc brakes are needed, and so it is an integral portion of our business. So the win is very significant as we see it. Going forward, you will always need disc brakes even with regen braking, you do need a secondary form of protection, and that's what the disc brakes provide.
Chris Villavarayan: No, it doesn't change any of the competitive position. And in terms of this specific win, it's specific to the North American market. And so we don't see that as having any impact.
Chris Villavarayan: So Brian, let me take that question again. It's Chris Villavarayan. I think when you think about it, we've had a very long relationship with Daimler. And if you think through the strategy that both companies have had over the past 10 years, that strategy has existed and we've worked well through that. And through the market cycles up and down, we've managed to maintain or even with that growth share. And so I don't see this dynamic changing. If anything, I think this agreement brings us both together and closer. And so we do see it as a great win capping on what Jay talked about with respect to how we have done on the quality and the delivery standpoint over the last 2 years. And we can build off that through 2027.
Chris Villavarayan: And a good way to think about that last part, Joe, is that the electrification portion, as Jay pointed out, would be about $100 million in 2022.
