Jay Craig: Thanks Carl, and good morning everyone. I told you in April that I was confident in our ability to beat our commitments and drive enhanced value for our shareholders. Our results this quarter demonstrate the progress we are making toward our M2016 objective and provide us with increased confidence for the future. Our financial performance also demonstrates the efforts we have put in to managing labor, burden and material performance to drive expanded margins. At the same time we are growing through new contracts with important customers like PACCAR that we will talk about today. Looking at Slide 3, you will see that the quarter reflects continued strong execution, while revenues were down $70 million year-over-year primarily due to unfavorable currency headwinds. Adjusted EBITDA margins were up 120 basis points year-over-year at 9.6% for the quarter which puts our year-to-date margin at 9.5%. Adjusted EPS for the quarter also improved $0.12 from fiscal 2014 which demonstrates that our improved to margins are translating to bottom line earnings for our shareholders. In July of last year we announced $210 million share repurchase program, which was the first time we have returned value directly to the shareholders since 2000 and date. In the second quarter of the fiscal year we repurchased $31 million of securities and this quarter we repurchased another $18 million. We remained on track to complete the entire repurchase program by the end of fiscal 2016. We also refinanced and repurchased a portion of convertible notes which will help reduced the dilution impact to the number of shares outstanding going forward. Although volume headwinds outside of North America have continued to present challenges our performance throughout the year has exceeded our expectations and were attend raising our outlook for earnings and cash flow. Let's turn to Slide 4, in January of this year we announced a long-term agreement with PACCAR for rear axles in North America and in Australia. At full run rate we told you we expected revenues to be approximately $150 million as we ramp up to more than 50% penetration for rare drive axles on PACCAR brands. Today we're pleased to tell you that we've added standard positioning for front steer axles to that agreement reflecting execution on another opportunity for growth in our core business. This change formally took place in data books on July 1st, for Kenworth and Peterbuilt trucks, although we started to see the penetration ramp up earlier in the year. We expect revenue from this piece of the business to be approximately $40 million at full run rate. Wins like this are an important part of our M2016 plan to organically grow the business by expanding product plans with our global customers. Now let's turn to Slide 5, in terms of volumes in North America we're slightly increasing our outlook for Class 8 volumes to approximately 325,000 units. Class 8 net orders have resulted in a strong backlog-to-build ratio of just over five months which we believe will carry current production levels into fiscal 2016. Related to the trailer business our forecast remains unchanged for the year. This month we purchased the majority of the assets of the Cyprus facility in North Carolina that produces us trailer axle beams and machines carriers and differentials for us. The work done at this facility is important to our trailer operation. This transaction allows us to further stabilize our supply chain and become more vertically integrated as we explore our opportunities to grow this business. Europe remains flat from our previous forecast at a midpoint of 390,000 units but is continuing to show signs of a potential economic recovery where reflected in slightly higher order intake at our major customers. In China we're reducing our volume outlook to reflect a 35% volume to increase year-over-year. This market continues to be volatile as the mining and construction markets remain extremely weak. South America continues to face a number of challenges as well; we produce our production outlook in this region to a range of 85,000 to 90,000 units for the fiscal year. India on the other hand is showing signs of recovery, growth prospects in the region are improving as the government drives structural, fiscal and bureaucratic reforms. While the Light Commercial segment remains weak there is an increased demand for a higher tonnage vehicles. We've therefore raised our forecast for this region by 10,000 units. And finally in our defense business you know we are partnered with Lockheed Martin of the JLTV program. We expect to file award announcement later this quarter. At this point I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Jay Craig: Thanks Kevin. Let's turn to Slide 14. In developing M2016, we identified key issues established and communicated measurable objective aligned the organization and are successfully executing against our plan. As you know our performance metrics include margin improvement, net debt reduction and revenue growth. We are on track to achieve all three and are committed to bring in home the plan next year, but for also hard to work on our strategy for beyond 2016. Our next three year plan will put more emphasis on executing opportunities for growth in our core and adjacent markets while remaining focused on expanding our margins and driving a balanced approach to capital allocation. We look forward to providing you a detailed review of that plan in our December Analyst Day Meeting. And now, we'll open it up to your questions.
Jay Craig: Brian this is Jay. That's good question. Our business today is primarily of highway construction mining with some premium bus and coach axles. I think what we're seeing as stability in the bus and coach axle business with extreme weakness in the other segments of the markets implied in our Q4 guidance is than expected further step down in Q4 compared to Q3 in that of highway and construction business and something we typically see this time of the year seasonally but we don’t expect that will see any recoveries soon in those end markets.
Jay Craig: I would say it continues to step down bit-by-bit but quite frankly it's getting to be at such low volume levels, the impact to our guidance and the overall financial impact to Meritor it's becoming relatively insignificant.
Jay Craig: Right now we are working with the prime contractor ash Oshkosh on this program trying to determine what production levels to expect in 2016. I think at this point we would say we don’t see values changing too much in that period compared to 2015.
Jay Craig: I can address the second question first obviously we've worked hard for a long time to become a commercial vehicle focused business and I would tell you a big part of the PACCAR wins we've had PACCAR has complemented to us, in fact I think you saw the comment about Christianson made in our Analyst Day, I'm being focused on commercial vehicles. So we're very pleased with that focus or at more importantly our customers are pleased that all of our capital and research and development goes to that area and we don’t see a lot of synergies and overlap between the two as we've evaluated that over time. But as far as expansion within the commercial vehicle business as we had look to our next three year planning cycle that is something we're considering, we are looking at growth opportunities so I mentioned in my comments in the core which would be new geographies or new customers along with newer adjacencies for we think we can provide additional value to our customers and as we look at that growth we will consider certain what I would call bolt-on acquisitions that may help us expedite that growth.
Jay Craig: We've seen very solid performance in Meritor WABCO participating obviously on the increasing value of the North America along with some increasing penetrations particularly collision avoidance systems and we're very pleased with the performance of that entity. I think it's a fairer expectation of ours it should be of our investors as we could see further penetration of those safety systems in the vehicles.
Jay Craig: We're not forecasting that at this point. But certainly I think you can see some of the impact through our financial segments of the impact of non-consolidated joint ventures and the increasing income we're seeing from that.
Jay Craig: I think, we feel confident meeting what we estimate as the demand currently in North America with current penetration we see including the incremental business with PACCAR. I would say we wouldn't commit to that type of business without having some surety that we could deliver on that without incurring additional expediting costs or other costs and just as importantly that we should expect PACCAR wanted to do some due diligence on that before committing to us. So I think all of us feel very comfortable where we are at and I think it's displayed in the actual quarter performance you are not seeing premium costs impact our ability for match the ramp up in volumes in North America.
Jay Craig: Well, as I mentioned in my comments is a typically foresee this high volume level continuing through the calendar year, that we have discuss previously through this calendar year. Certainly we have to start to see orders pick up a bit for to continued this, these very strong levels through next fiscal year but will be providing our details outlook next quarter in conjunction with our guidance for fiscal '16. As far as whether it's a good thing, it cools off to that as you commented and I did-- we are able to perform very, very well at these volumes. I think we have because of the make-up of our hourly work force with a meaningful percentage being contract labors. We are able to flex sound quiet effectively, so I think this is pretty broad range where this market can be very profitable for us. So if it comes down a bit certainly we will miss those volumes. I wouldn't mislead you but I think we'd still have very profitable business in North America.
Jay Craig: I think we feel good about Brazil we did have a pre-buyer little of year ago now that we actually hit it very well on it and we lost it about one quarter but again its very few if any premium cost can be had its deal with that our response of that spike volumes. Right now I think what you are saying in that market is just for slowly building confidence and increased orders, so it looks like it could be a slow ramp up which obviously we could respond to very effectively. And also we're just very pleased with the profitability as far as European business overall.
Jay Craig: This is Jay Craig. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call and for your continued interest in Meritor and more importantly I want to thank to Meritor employees just for their efforts this quarter and delivering outstanding results for our investors. Our results in the third quarter are really testimony but our focus on execution and revenue growth is working, we're committed to delivering increased shareholder value by driving margin improvement and reducing debt and positioning our core businesses for profitable growth. I look forward to either seeing you before the next quarter or speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Kevin Nowlan: And Brain it's Kevin if you look we have filed Meritor WABCO's financial statements for last year because they were a material sub here over the last couple of years so you can actually see what our earnings are coming from that entity.
Kevin Nowlan: Neil this is Kevin. Yes you are exactly right. We did start to see the ramp up of this happen early on the year as PACCAR assets to ramp up and advance of the LTA being executed. So as we look ahead to the $40 million of revenue that we’re expecting at run rate, I would tell you we're expecting that already two-thirds of that is hitting in year 2015 and it really started already in our second fiscal quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: We don’t give specific margin guidance on any particular program, but I think it's a fair assumption on any of our new business wins to think about it being in that general zip code. I think that's the fair way to think about it.
Kevin Nowlan: I don't think we're prepared to give specific margin guidance on each segment in the quarter, but I think if you look the last four quarters in a row now we've generated 12% to 14% EBITDA margins in that segment and that's not an accident. I think the 14% numbers that you saw on a couple of quarters had someone timers in there and as you think about the 13% or 13.3% we generated in the quarter which really didn't have any real type of one timers that's probably more of which you should expect of the run rate of this business at the current revenue level.
Kevin Nowlan: Well I guess I was speaking to like the 14% we generated a quarter ago where we had some of those FX tailwinds the one-time foreign exchange hedges that generated some gains, so I think we've had a couple of guidance drove us with 14% numbers, but I think you should expect something in that 13% zip code is about the right margin for the business right now.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean if you look at the last couple of quarters, we have seen some liability true-up happen to us at yearend particularly around some of our legacy liabilities. And unfortunately last year we saw a pretty meaningful step up in our legacy liability although we saw some big upsets to that as well. So as we think about our forecast for Q4, we are assuming a few million dollars of potential liability adjustments as part of our planning process, but it remains to be seeing what the actual valuations are going to come in at.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean for example last year when we had some of our asbestos exposure, it really related to the forecast of our tenured liability based on actual experience that we were incurring in the current year. So as we just looked ahead we're being cautious I think and assuming that there is some risk that we could have a few million dollar of true-up probably nothing material like we saw last year given where we sit today. But the potential exit that there could be a few million dollars and that's what we planned for thus for in our guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: So obviously we've issued that and we're using some cash on the balance sheet to basically fund that transaction. I think as you look at the impact of this on a going forward basis beside from the fact that we'll have bit of interest expense for the portion of that it uses debt we'll see an EBITDA improvement heading into next year probably in the $2.5 million to $3 million range. So that would be a partial offset to the interest expense that we're seeing. And then I think as we -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll have a non-cash charge that will take associated with some of the actuarial true-up that we have to flush through the P&L that will be a one-time non-cash charge that we will take. And then finally one thing that we'll be cognizant enough and we're not sure the impact yet as we take away that headwind of the German liability and the cost of that liability going forward, it has the potential to impact the way we look at our valuation allowances in Germany in terms of assessing the positive and negative evidence of whether or not we need to reverse the valuation allowances there and can start using those tax attributes that remains to be seen.
Kevin Nowlan: I don’t think we said that anything is likely. We're still assessing the positive and negative evidence. We've had obviously here a couple of quarters of positive earnings in the U.S. and certain jurisdictions in Western Europe, if those trends continue, if the potential exist that we could some of those assets being reversed or those valuation allowances being reversed, later this year or into some time in 2016 and I think we'll be prepared to give you that guidance at the end of the quarter when we get into the November earnings call.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, in China I mean you look a year ago our China earnings were-- our revenue was about 150 million of revenues to down 35% this year was same. We're going to be in $100 million zip code. That’s predominantly conducted through a 60-40 joint venture where we own 60% and our JV partner own 40%. There's two JVs there, but the bigger of the two is with XCMG.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, this is Kevin when we first started looking at this a year ago and look at the Society of Actuaries tables, as they were published in the exposure draft. We model that through our liabilities and thought the impact would be about $124 million on our liability however as we-- as the final rules about how to apply the tables were published we realized we are able to apply some of our actual experience to modify the base line tables that were provided by the Society Actuaries. So in the end our experience defers from that, that was published by the Society of Actuaries. The end result for U.S., we think is going to be less than a $25 million impact on our liability at the end of the year versus the 124, so we thought about a year ago in this time. So less than 25 million we think at this point.
Kevin Nowlan: We will update that in November but this win the $40 million PACCAR business win is incremental to what you have seeing before.
